my dear lady— please let me say something ,  i’m begging you .	0
what time is it ?	0
god ,  i’m crazy about her .	0
life's only a walking shadow; a bad actor, that struts and worries about his hour onstage, and then is not heard from again.	0
faith ,  half asleep .	0
look to the lady.	0
but ,  my lord ,  this boy was born in the forest and has been schooled not in the usual subjects but only in magic .	0
uncomfortable time ,  why do you come now to murder ,  murder our solemnity ?	0
i do beseech you.	0
everyone except the sailors dove into the sea ,  leaving behind the ship that i had set on fire .	0
what's here ?	0
this is too long .	0
she has already seen him with those sweet eyes .	0
poor bird!	0
attend the lords of france and burgundy ,  gloucester .	0
that’s the curse of military service .	0
go !	0
he’s busy ,  can’t you hear him giving orders ?	0
dromio—thou ,  dromio—thou snail ,  thou slug ,  thou sot .	0
bernardo hath my place.	0
news from verona !	0
what though i be not so in grace as you, so hung upon with love, so fortunate, but miserable most, to love unloved?	0
draw together ,  and when i rear my hand ,  do you the like ,  to fall it on gonzalo .	0
oh ,  she knew very well that you were acting like you were in love without really knowing what love means .	0
where got'st thou that goose look ?	0
if you put me in the stocks you’ll insult him both as a king and as a man .	0
trinculo ,  keep a good tongue in your head .	0
honour ,  riches ,  marriage - blessing ,  long continuance ,  and increasing ,  hourly joys be still upon you !	0
o damn'd iago !	0
thus credulous fools are caught: and many worthy and chaste dames even thus ,  all guiltless ,  meet reproach .	0
what of that ?	0
you should have run up to her ,  unleashed a few excellent quips invented on the spot ,  and rendered the young man speechless .	0
thus much the business is: we have here writ to norway, uncle of young fortinbras— who, impotent and bed-rid, scarcely hears of this his nephew's purpose—to suppress his further gait herein, in that the levies, the lists, and full proportions, are all made out of his subject; and we here dispatch you, good cornelius, and you, voltimand, for bearers of this greeting to old norway, giving to you no further personal power to business with the king, more than the scope of these dilated articles allow.	0
why ,  let her except ,  before excepted .	0
i am your own for ever .	0
i did .	0
nay ,  if you stare ,  we shall hear more anon .	0
where ?	0
i cannot live to hear the news from england, but i do predict that the throne belongs to fortinbras.	0
fly ,  good fleance ,  fly ,  fly ,  fly !	0
i remember him well ,  and my memory tells me that he deserves your praise .	0
how old is she ?	0
you will not move one foot to fight!	0
othello isn’t any of those things .	0
what would you with her ,  sir ?	0
to a convent, go.	0
romeo ,  good night .	0
lady !	0
i shall do my friends no wrong ,  for i have none to lament me; the world no injury ,  for in it i have nothing .	0
and fix'd his eyes upon you ?	0
good, i’ll expect you.	0
sir ,  be a man .	0
i’ll lie here tonight .	0
do you know what caesar intends to do with me ?	0
we'll put on those shall praise your excellence and set a double varnish on the fame the frenchman gave you ,  bring you in fine together and wager on your heads .	0
why ,  i can buy me twenty at any market .	0
the earth sings when he touches it .	0
now ,  fair hippolyta ,  the time for our wedding is very close; just four more happy days until the new moon .	0
this sounds as if i am praising of myself; so, no more about it; listen to other things.	0
oh ,  what a villain i am !	0
sir ,  we came to see your father’s funeral .	0
four days will quickly dissolve into four nights; four nights will quickly dream away the time; and then the moon ,  like a silver slice in the heavens ,  will light the night of our wedding solemnities .	0
i’ll not be far from you .	0
besides ,  they are our outward consciences and preachers to us all ,  admonishing that we should dress us fairly for our end .	0
what, frighted with false fire?	0
where did you leave him ?	0
o woe !	0
ay ,  but he will not now be pacified .	0
cassio shall have my place.	0
but this storm in my mind keeps me from feeling anything except what’s tormenting me—how ungrateful my children are !	0
you are welcome ,  sir ,  to cyprus .	0
marked you not how that the guilty kindred of the queen looked pale when they did hear of clarence' death ?	0
master, young gentleman, i pray you which is the way to master jew's?	0
can’t lord stanley sleep ?	0
what time is it now?	0
i must go and continue the business fulvia started .	0
then move not ,  while my prayer’s effect i take .	0
come on .	0
i’ll go ,  sir ,  and i won’t bother you .	0
i’d say i was  “ out of my element ,  ”  but that phrase is overused ,  so i’ll say i’m  “ out of my air .  ”	0
so tell them ,  publius .	0
healing is part and parcel of my religious vows; it is a charitable duty my order performs .	0
and too soon marred are those made young mothers.	0
she drinks wine just like everyone else .	0
you have among you killed a sweet and innocent lady .	0
to antonio] no marrying ’mong his subjects ?	0
yes ,  my good lord .	0
here comes the prince and claudio .	0
come here ,  good volumnius; listen to a few words .	0
even if you didn’t have the power to pull me ,  i would still be powerless not to follow you .	0
alla stoccata carries it away .	0
good night ,  good night !	0
a wandering knight ?	0
lysander's love ,  that would not let him wait , — fair helena , —who makes the night more golden than all the fiery rays and eyes of light .	0
maria once told me she did affect me ,  and i have heard herself come thus near ,  that ,  should she fancy ,  it should be one of my complexion .	0
banquo and macbeth, all hail!	0
have the pioneers given o'er ?	0
think of this ,  good peers ,  only as a common occurrence .	0
my neglecting worldly responsibilities like that, dedicating everything to seclusion and the bettering of my mind with that which, only by being so secluded, was worth more than all popular opinion, awoke in my false brother an evil nature; and my trust, like a good parent, made him lie, a lie as great as my trust was, which had no limit indeed, a confidence without boundaries.	0
that monster, custom, who all sense doth eat of habits evil, is angel yet in this, that to the use of actions fair and good he likewise gives a frock or livery, that aptly is put on.	0
no ,  i haven’t had lunch .	0
maud ,  bridget ,  marian ,  ciceley ,  gillian ,  ginn !	0
bite him to death ,  i [to stephano] lo ,  lo ,  again !	0
still, i beg you, if you think it’s okay, or that it may be done, get me a chance to speak briefly with desdemona alone.	0
i am almost afraid to stand alone here in the churchyard, but i will stay.	0
he speaks well .	0
perhaps you’ve learned from life and not from books .	0
ay ,  sir ,  for three months .	0
i’m the one who fathered those bloodsucking daughters .	0
let me not burst in ignorance ,  but tell why thy canonized bones ,  hearsed in death ,  have burst their cerements ,  why the sepulchre wherein we saw thee quietly inurn'd ,  hath oped his ponderous and marble jaws to cast thee up again .	0
francis flute, the bellows-mender.	0
though all things disgustingly filthy would look like grace, yet grace must still look that way.	0
no, i’m sure of it, volumnius.	0
messala ,  this is my birthday ,  as this very day was cassius born .	0
i by bargain should wear it myself .	0
now she holds me not .	0
the more the pity that some honest neighbors will not make them friends.	0
tis the time’s plague when madmen lead the blind .	0
then ’tis most like the sovereignty will fall upon macbeth .	0
or rather ,  do thy pleasure .	0
there is no terror ,  cassius ,  in your threats ,  for i am arm'd so strong in honesty ,  that they pass by me as the idle wind which i respect not .	0
came he not home tonight ?	0
why ?	0
but a terminal disease requires extreme treatment ,  or nothing at all .	0
yes ,  this is what love does .	0
whisper to her that ursula and i are walking in the orchard and that we’re talking all about her .	0
marry, sir, because silver hath a sweet sound.	0
noble banquo, that hast no less deserved, nor must be known no less to have done so; let me enfold thee and hold thee to my heart.	0
we have lost best half of our attack .	0
judgment!	0
nay, if you strive— but half an hour!	0
this wretch has part confessed his villainy.	0
do as thou wilt ,  for i have done with thee .	0
i am the slave and worker in your delight; but you shall bear the burden soon at night.	0
there's matter in these sighs.	0
i grant indeed it hath not appeared ,  and your suspicion is not without wit and judgment .	0
how are you ,  my lord !	0
i would not hear your enemy say so, nor shall you do my ear that violence to make it truster of your own report against yourself.	0
o tranio ,  till i found it to be true ,  i never thought it possible or likely .	0
marry ,  that he had received a thousand ducats of don john for accusing the lady hero wrongfully .	0
his word is more miraculous than the magic harp.	0
i must act my dreadful scene alone .	0
plucks off my beard and blows it in my face?	0
laertes, i must share your grief, or you deny me my rights.	0
listen ,  your romeo will be here tonight .	0
the sight made me so sick i couldn’t watch any more .	0
and now ,  good sweet ,  say thy opinion;— how dost thou like the lord bassanio's wife ?	0
we ,  hermia ,  like two artificial gods ,  have with our needles created both one flower ,  both on one sampler ,  sitting on one cushion ,  both warbling of one song ,  both in one key ,  as if our hands ,  our sides ,  voices ,  and minds ,  had been incorporate .	0
help ,  ho ,  help !	0
under love’s heavy burden do i sink .	0
why do you say that ?	0
cursed ,  unhappy ,  wretched ,  hateful day !	0
awake ,  sir ,  awake .	0
i’ve noticed it myself .	0
now ,  fair hippolyta ,  our nuptial hour draws on apace; four happy days bring in another moon; but ,  o ,  methinks ,  how slow this old moon wanes !	0
come, sir, to draw toward an end with you.	0
he will not fight with me ,  domitius ?	0
aside .	0
have i accomplished so much in battle ,  but now i’m afraid to tell some old men the truth ?	0
yes ,  madam .	0
i come but in as others do ,  to try with him the strength of my youth .	0
well ,  do so: don’t let me take him then; because ,  if i do ,  i'll break the young clerk's pen .	0
let the rain spray !	0
when could they say till now ,  that talked of rome ,  that her wide walks encompassed but one man ?	0
give me the cups .	0
so don’t advise me .	0
hail !	0
but who is here?	0
yes ,  right away .	0
whether your banquet is first or last ,  your egyptian cooking will make it the best .	0
if brutus will vouchsafe that antony may safely come to him and be resolved how caesar hath deserved to lie in death ,  mark antony shall not love caesar dead so well as brutus living ,  but will follow the fortunes and affairs of noble brutus thorough the hazards of this untrod state with all true faith .	0
how i dote on thee !	0
stay there and fortify it well against the french .	0
i must be as stupid as an ass—that’s why i don’t know her ,  but she knows me .	0
seriously ,  though ,  son petruchio ,  i think you have the most thoroughgoing shrew of us all .	0
i have made you crazy: and even with similar courage, men hang and drown themselves.	0
how did you get this letter ?	0
o desdemona !	0
cousin hamlet ,  you know the wager ?	0
that i have, lady.	0
he mixed that poison himself .	0
don’t kneel, gentle portia.	0
if you do love rosalind so near the heart as your gesture cries it out ,  when your brother marries aliena shall you marry her .	0
don’t simply hide your hatred .	0
swords out ,  and tilting one at other’s breasts in opposition bloody .	0
then ,  dreadful trumpet ,  sound the general doom !	0
leave me ,  and do as i ask you .	0
god be with you; take my job.	0
then ,  to answer every man directly and briefly ,  wisely and truly—wisely i say ,  i am a bachelor .	0
no ,  my lord ,  unless i could have another husband for the work week .	0
is this the madman ?	0
to relate the details would be, on the numbers of these murdered deer, to add to your own death.	0
but this is from my commission .	0
the earth that's nature's mother is her tomb.	0
now ,  by the stock and honor of my kin ,  i don’t think it’s a sin to strike him dead .	0
he couldn’t see you .	0
and so return to you ,  and nothing else ?	0
the more my wrong ,  the more his spite appears .	0
let th’ egyptians and the phoenicians go a - ducking .	0
why ,  sweetheart ?	0
my countryman: but yet i know him not .	0
my old bones are tired .	0
thus says my king: an if your father’s highness do not ,  in grant of all demands at large ,  sweeten the bitter mock you sent his majesty ,  he’ll call you to so hot an answer of it that caves and womby vaultages of france shall chide your trespass and return your mock in second accent of his ordinance .	0
now ,  good sir ,  what are you ?	0
go, some of you, whoever you find, arrest.	0
i am but hurt .	0
why ,  man ,  i saw bassanio under sail; with him is gratiano gone along; and in their ship ,  i am sure ,  lorenzo is not .	0
but it’s not important .	0
methinks he looks as though he were in love .	0
o king stephano !	0
plantagenet .	0
absolutely ,  yes indeed .	0
let’s call for help and get them tied up again !	0
you’re talking like some innocent girl who doesn’t understand the ways of the world .	0
everything is a sick joke .	0
behold her well; i pray you ,  look upon her .	0
now ,  sir ,  what make you here ?	0
must i bouge?	0
come on, come on, you're drunk.	0
an awful monster !	0
fairies, let’s go; i have sworn not to go to his bed or to keep his company.	0
it doesn’t matter where ,  so long as it’s not here .	0
let us go in together; and still your fingers on your lips, i pray.	0
no ,  my hand will rather redden the many seas ,  making the green one red .	0
nay ,  come ,  let's go together .	0
both with an r. ah, mocker!	0
what ,  shall i find you here ?	0
yes ,  she’s young and tender .	0
he weeps for what is done.	0
you are—a senator.	0
alas ,  poor caitiff !	0
beautiful thoughts and happy hours attend on you!	0
yes ,  here it is .	0
we shall lose our opportunity, and we’ll all be turned into geese, or into apes with villainous, low foreheads.	0
ladies whose toes are not plagued with corns will have a dance with you .	0
well ,  i’m not beautiful ,  so i hope that i can at least be chaste .	0
i have never been so weary, never so sad, wet from the dew, and torn with briers; i can’t crawl any further.	0
prepare your troops .	0
take some new infection to your eye ,  and the rank poison of the old love will die .	0
you are welcome .	0
it is the false servant, that stole his master's daughter.	0
come on ,  i won’t stand for it anymore .	0
take pains; be perfect; adieu .	0
o dainty duck!	0
i see no blood, no wound.	0
the queen, my lord, is dead.	0
now get out of here .	0
would your highness like to take a walk ?	0
do not talk of him but as a property .	0
except they meant to bathe in reeking wounds, or memorize another golgotha, i cannot tell— but i am faint; my gashes cry for help.	0
i am commanded home.	0
very clever !	0
good ,  i’m satisfied .	0
let me destroy myself ,  let heaven and destiny deprive me of happy hours ,  let day remain dark and night sleepless ,  and let me have nothing but terrible luck if i do not love with a pure heart ,  clean devotion ,  and holy thoughts your beautiful royal daughter .	0
my father—methinks i see my father .	0
hello ,  good cassio !	0
no ,  it doesn’t mean anything .	0
o ,  help him ,  you sweet heavens !	0
they would not have you to stir forth today.	0
i’m sorry ,  my friend .	0
would you have the crown which you believe to be the ornament of life ,  and yet live like a coward in your own self - esteem ,  letting  " i shouldn’t "  wait for  " i would ,  "  like the poor cat in the proverb ?	0
how are you ,  laertes ?	0
a likely piece of work that you should find it in your bedroom and not know who left it there !	0
if it assume my noble father's person ,  i'll speak to it ,  though hell itself should gape and bid me hold my peace .	0
farewell, ophelia, and remember well what i have said to you.	0
see, it stalks away!	0
out here everybody can see us .	0
where’s your servant	0
you don’t have to tell us what lord hamlet said .	0
call her forth to me .	0
his madness.	0
something there isn’t a word for .	0
the mind i sway by and the heart i bear shall never sag with doubt nor shake with fear .	0
you were best go in.	0
good ,  yet remember whom thou hast aboard .	0
oh no !	0
alas ,  sweet lady ,  what does this song mean ?	0
i order you ,  speak !	0
swell, bosom, with thy fraught, for 'tis of aspics' tongues!	0
i’m sure there was a herd of lions nearby .	0
nurse, come back again; i have remembered, you can hear our conversation.	0
the loss cannot be repaid, and patience says it is beyond her cure.	0
the moor replies that the man you hurt is very famous in cyprus and has a great reputation, and that, in pure wisdom, he might not refuse you, but he protests he loves you and needs no other person begging than his own opinion to take the safest public occasion to bring you back again.	0
his feelings don’t move in that direction .	0
it’s too bad .	0
what wouldst thou have with me ?	0
and yet i fear you, for you are fatal then when your eyes roll so.	0
good heart ,  at what ?	0
i do.	0
why ,  he had none .	0
a foolish thought ,  to say a sorry sight .	0
i will not choose what many men desire ,  because i will not jump with common spirits and rank myself with the barbarous multitudes .	0
why does the drum come here ?	0
we’re still just beginners when it comes to crime .	0
i serve the king ,  on whose employment i was sent to you .	0
wash your hands .	0
stay, gentle helena; hear my reason; my love, my life, my soul, fair helena!	0
i’ll put the juice of this flower on titania’s eyes ,  and fill her with horrible delusions and desires .	0
ah ,  my back ,  my back !	0
o ,  you and i have heard our fathers say there was a brutus once that would have brook'd the eternal devil to keep his state in rome as easily as a king .	0
you shall confess that you are both deceived .	0
there was ,  for a while ,  no money bid for argument unless the poet and the player went to cuffs in the question .	0
servant-monster?	0
i am one ,  my liege ,  whom the vile blows and buffets of the world have so incensed that i am reckless what i do to spite the world .	0
why, uncle, it’s a shame.	0
bleed, bleed, poor country!	0
meantime ,  have patience .	0
now, afore god, this reverend holy friar, all our whole city is much bound to him.	0
what sadness lengthens romeo's hours ?	0
my lord ,  i think i saw him yesternight .	0
i hear their drum .	0
where's romeo's man ?	0
these moors are changeable in their wills—fill thy purse with money .	0
why, what if they are vile and false, where's that palace that foul things sometimes intrude?	0
since thou dost give me pains ,  let me remember thee what thou hast promised ,  which is not yet performed me .	0
the all - seeing sun never saw anything to match her since the world first began .	0
our fears in banquo stick deep ,  and in his royalty of nature reigns that which would be feared .	0
a blank ,  my lord .	0
one scene of it comes near the circumstance, which i have told thee, of my father's death.	0
if i’d been a god i would’ve let the sea sink inside the earth before it had a chance to swallow up that ship and all the people it was carrying .	0
yes ,  return and tell me if your master looks well ,  because he was sick when he left .	0
what ,  are you mad ?	0
your sister's drown'd, laertes.	0
be thou my witness that, against my will, as pompey was, am i compell'd to set upon one battle all our liberties.	0
well mayst thou woo ,  and happy be thy speed .	0
therefore, good brutus, be prepared to hear, and since you know you cannot see yourself so well as by reflection, i your glass will modestly discover to yourself that of yourself which you yet know not of.	0
he comes upon a wish.	0
well, more in a minute.	0
ay ,  pilgrim ,  lips that they must use in prayer .	0
his royal grace ,  whom god preserve better than you would wish ,  cannot be quiet scarce a breathing while but you must trouble him with lewd complaints .	0
and patches will i get unto these cudgeled scars ,  and swear i got them in the gallia wars .	0
i am too old to be engaged to someone so young !	0
therefore be patient .	0
the wood of birnam.	0
why do you stay ?	0
will i be married tomorrow morning ?	0
take me to octavius.	0
this is the imposthume of much wealth and peace, that inward breaks, and shows no cause without why the man dies.	0
is he married ?	0
o ,  blood ,  blood ,  blood !	0
the ground is bloody . —search about the churchyard .	0
now, fair hippolyta, our nuptial hour draws on apace; four happy days bring in another moon; but, o, methinks, how slow this old moon wanes!	0
only be patient until we have pacified the multitude, who are beside themselves with fear, and then we will tell you the reason why i, that loved caesar when i struck him, have acted this way.	0
tie up the libertine in a field of feasts ,  keep his brain fuming .	0
i am as i have spoken.	0
once more ,  cesario ,  get thee to yond same sovereign cruelty .	0
worse and worse.	0
i do love nothing in the world so well as you .	0
fare thee well .	0
in that case it’s good to be a post .	0
well moused, lion.	0
i do .	0
look ,  here’s where cassius’s dagger pierced it .	0
how doth the prince ?	0
and for mark antony ,  don’t think abut him ,  because he can do no more than caesar's arm can do when caesar's head is cut off .	0
my lord, what is your will?	0
you would fight with a man if he had one more whisker or one less whisker in his beard than you have in your beard .	0
you’ll do no such thing .	0
henceforward i am ever rul'd by you.	0
how shalt thou hope for mercy ,  rendering none ?	0
think about that ,  and about what followed afterward .	0
i will ,  sir .	0
most certain .	0
where's this girl?	0
a very candid reply .	0
go bear it to the centaur ,  where we host ,  and stay there ,  dromio ,  till i come to thee .	0
peter !	0
for he partly begs to be desired to give .	0
didn’t you send lysander ,  as an insult ,  to follow me around praising my eyes and my face ?	0
lead us ,  monster; we’ll follow .	0
here comes the lady.	0
yes, that i did; but that was but courtesy.	0
yes ,  quite a large one ,  with many cells and dungeons ,  denmark being one of the worst .	0
and when i’ve sneaked up on my sons - in - law ,  then i’ll kill ,  kill ,  kill ,  kill ,  kill ,  kill !	0
alas the day ,  it did .	0
dromio ,  nor thou ?	0
nothing, good monsieur, but to help cavalery cobweb to scratch.	0
close by ,  my master .	0
now i feed myself with most delicious poison .	0
go thou to juliet, help to deck up her.	0
but, o grief, where have you taken me?	0
it is best to marry well and die young ,  better than to be married for a long time .	0
tis for the head .	0
the dearest friend to me ,  the kindest man ,  the best - condition'd and unwearied spirit in doing courtesies; and one in whom the ancient roman honour more appears ,  than any that draws breath in italy .	0
poor ophelia divided from herself and her fair judgment ,  without the which we are pictures ,  or mere beasts .	0
he has legs like a man ,  and his fins look like arms !	0
sent he to macduff ?	0
he’s not your relative .	0
now ,  fellow ,  what is there ?	0
a gentle scroll.—fair lady, by your leave: i come by note, to give and to receive.	0
oh ,  don’t ask me why i  “ need ”  them !	0
he feels the need to grace all his other tramps with his presence while i sit at home starving for a smile from him .	0
oh ,  so you’d give me all your tediousness ?	0
but don’t i have good reason to cry ?	0
peace there!	0
how about it ,  corporal nym ?	0
my uncle ?	0
goodbye !	0
how is she ?	0
if i know this ,  know all the world besides ,  that part of tyranny that i do bear i can shake off at pleasure .	0
i say gudday ,  captain fluellen .	0
all covered with sweet flowers ,  which drowned in tears went to the grave with showers of true love .	0
and why does lysander deny your love, so rich within his soul, and give me, indeed, affection, except by your putting them up to it, by your consent?	0
not being fortune ,  he’s but fortune’s knave ,  a minister of her will .	0
thy noble shape is but a form of wax digressing from the valour of a man; thy dear love sworn but hollow perjury, killing that love which thou hast vow'd to cherish; thy wit, that ornament to shape and love, misshapen in the conduct of them both, like powder in a skilless soldier's flask, is set afire by thine own ignorance, and thou dismemb'red with thine own defence.	0
don’t let it, brutus.	0
it’s clear that someone less noble ,  less loyal ,  more bloody - minded than clarence but not a blood relation ,  deserves as bad an end as my brother ,  but he goes free .	0
go and get her dressed .	0
some word there was ,  worser than tybalt's death ,  that murdered me .	0
whatever you are ,  thanks for your advice .	0
yet thou didst kill my children .	0
what color is her hair ?	0
silver !	0
no remedy ,  my lord ,  when walls are so wilful to hear without warning .	0
meantime forbear ,  and let mischance be slave to patience .	0
you mock me ,  sir .	0
therefore prepare you .	0
but quiet .	0
nothing ,  my lord .	0
ay ,  what of that ?	0
i will not stay to offend you.	0
what ,  man !	0
he may win; and what is music then?	0
here will i rest me till the break of day.	0
lend me a looking - glass .	0
thus with a kiss i die .	0
shall i strike at it with my club?	0
what work is here ,  charmian ?	0
malcolm !	0
mark me .	0
the english power is near ,  led on by malcolm ,  his uncle siward ,  and the good macduff .	0
i’m afraid so ,  i promise you .	0
come .	0
didst thou not say he lied ?	0
saw you him to-day?	0
brother john bates ,  is not that the morning which breaks yonder ?	0
go to the pulpit ,  brutus .	0
but lysander’s so attractive that he’s turned heaven into hell !	0
and be not easily won to our requests .	0
don’t believe it .	0
they commanded me to lock my doors and leave you out in this merciless storm ,  but i’ve come out here to find you and take you where there’s warmth and food .	0
stay but a little ,  i will come again .	0
are you some god, some angel, or some devil, that makes my blood cold and my hair to stand on end?	0
welcome ,  lady .	0
now in respect it is in the fields ,  it pleaseth me well; but in respect it is not in the court ,  it is tedious .	0
tear him, tear him!	0
come they of noble family ?	0
ay ,  that’s the way .	0
what is your name?	0
a challenge ,  on my life .	0
what if this mixture doesn’t work at all ?	0
he saved me the trouble: here he comes .	0
hamlet ,  this deed ,  for thine especial safety— which we do tender as we dearly grieve for that which thou hast done—must send thee hence with fiery quickness .	0
sweet now, silence!	0
good romeo, hide thyself.	0
canst work i' the earth so fast?	0
who commands them ,  sir ?	0
crown him ? — that .	0
now i know him now .	0
don’t believe any of us .	0
yeah, you have been a real weasel in your time, but i will watch you to keep you from staying up all night now.	0
i will go right away to my ghostly priest's house, to get his help and to tell him about my dear good fortune.	0
i hope you’ll be a good father to me now .	0
this castle hath a pleasant seat .	0
i won’t tolerate him .	0
bless you, beautiful dame!	0
it is a lost fear; man can only rush against othello's breast, and he retires.	0
i heard nothing.	0
we ,  hermia ,  like two artificial gods ,  have created both one flower with our needles ,  both on one sampler ,  sitting on one cushion ,  both warbling of one song ,  both in one key; as if our hands ,  our sides ,  voices ,  and minds ,  had been incorporated into one .	0
as for me ,  i welcome my good luck with sadness .	0
i should sin to think but nobly of my grandmother .	0
farewell; and if my fortune be not cross'd ,  i have a father ,  you a daughter ,  lost .	0
tis gone !	0
this forest doesn’t seem deserted when you’re here ,  because you are all the world to me .	0
you shall not put your seal to such a promise to pay for me; i’d rather live in my poverty .	0
god pardon him !	0
i ,  measuring his affections by my own ,  which then most sought where most might not be found ,  being one too many by my weary self— pursu'd my humour ,  not pursuing his ,  and gladly shunn'd who gladly fled from me .	0
it’ll go away .	0
well ,  tell me now what lady is the same to whom you swore a secret pilgrimage ,  that you today promised to tell me of ?	0
but did your sister die of love ?	0
i’ve got my answer .	0
stand to't.	0
fetch me this herb, and be thou here again ere the leviathan can swim a league.	0
if this letter’s right ,  you’ve got a lot to deal with .	0
but why stands macbeth thus amazedly ?	0
o nature ,  what hadst thou to do in hell when thou didst bower the spirit of a fiend in mortal paradise of such sweet flesh ?	0
good - bye to you ,  the last of all the romans .	0
but i am thankful that you have found it .	0
his son was but a ward two years ago .	0
and so do i .  i think we all do .	0
come, come; cut thread and thrum; quail, crush, conclude, and quell.	0
o trespass sweetly urg'd !	0
pray you ,  tell him i am his fortune’s vassal ,  and i send him the greatness he has got .	0
hey, mountain, hey!	0
sooth ,  la ,  i’ll help .	0
and let us swear to our resolution .	0
this approves her letter that she would soon be here .	0
this bud of love, ripen by summer's breezes, may become a beautiful flower when next we meet.	0
that by proscription and bills of outlawry octavius, antony, and lepidus have put to death an hundred senators.	0
they’re forgiven ,  then ,  if they don’t see what they’re doing .	0
have some surgeon nearby ,  shylock ,  on your responsibility ,  to stop his wounds ,  so that he won’t bleed to death .	0
o wise young judge, how i do honour thee!	0
come ,  i’ll go in with you .	0
thou knowest my lodging.	0
would not they speak ?	0
i’ll reward you for your troubles .	0
why ,  sir ,  i gave the money for the rope .	0
how now, lorenzo?	0
our expectation hath this day an end .	0
what are you ?	0
yes ,  and he’ll keep getting funnier till he dies .	0
now two things still need to be done .	0
you’re thinking something .	0
how are you out of breath, when you have breath to say to me that you are out of breath?	0
tut, i am in their bosoms, and i know wherefore they do it.	0
but if you would think about the true cause, why all these fires, why all these gliding ghosts, why birds and beasts, from quality and kind; why old men, fools, and children think about it— why all these things change from their usual order, change their natures, and their normal events to monstrous disorder—why, you shall find that heaven has infused the lightening with these spirits, to make them instruments of fear and warning about some monstrous state.	0
i’d follow you to the gates of hell ,  you sneaky little devil !	0
what say'st thou ,  my dear nurse ?	0
help me into some house, benvolio, or i shall faint.	0
the human being unburdened by the trappings of civilization is no more than a poor ,  naked ,  two - legged animal like you .	0
hey ,  mountain ,  hey !	0
is not this stephano, my drunken butler?	0
i’ll be nearby .	0
by whose direction found'st thou out this place?	0
because i’m a jew .	0
there's no offence ,  my lord .	0
her worth is carried on the wind and it blows throughout the world ,  carrying the name of rosalind .	0
there isn’t any other way ,  unless you took on another form and became someone else .	0
i come not, friends, to steal away your hearts.	0
it’s not manly to cry .	0
doesn’t it look like the king ?	0
would he were fatter!	0
there wasn’t any problem .	0
prithee ,  peace .	0
nay ,  that’s not so .	0
picture the linen sails driven by the invisible and subtle wind as they pull the vast hulls through the wrinkled sea ,  breasting the high waves .	0
even for the blood that then i lost for thee ,  now grant me justice .	0
you’ll soon be meeting lorenzo at supper; he’ll be a guest of your new master .	0
a day as black as this has never been seen!	0
what part is that, my lord?	0
come.	0
what are you saying?	0
what noise is here ?	0
i would have blowed up the town ,  so chrish save me ,  la ,  in an hour .	0
moody ?	0
make assay.	0
what is it ,  my lord ?	0
i don’t value my life at the price of a pin, and as for my soul, what can it do to that, being a thing that is immortal as it is?	0
and we’ll hear it .	0
and here much orlando .	0
most mighty sovereign ,  you have no reason to doubt my friendship .	0
it is not good and it cannot come to good .	0
let the bitter hussy kick ,  our saddles don’t pinch .	0
by my faith ,  you have great reason to be sad .	0
not where he eats, but where he is eaten.	0
am i all alone ?	0
come ,  ruin !	0
sweetheart ,  go on .	0
the strangers all are gone .	0
oh sweet nurse ,  what news do you bring ?	0
he lies to the heart .	0
what time is it ?	0
tis with him in standing water ,  between boy and man .	0
the day ,  my friends ,  and all things stay for me .	0
we say the king is wise and virtuous ,  and his noble queen well struck in years ,  fair ,  and not jealous .	0
you the like loss?	0
is it lost ?	0
twere good she were spoken with; for she may strew dangerous conjectures in ill-breeding minds.	0
i'll listen, be an actor too perhaps, if i see a place to jump in.	0
ay ,  ay ,  three thousand ducats .	0
before the time be out ?	0
honest iago’s arranged that .	0
mark antony ,  shall we give sign of battle ?	0
i dare to do all that may become a man; who dares to do more is not a man.	0
if such a one be fit to govern, speak.	0
these tears are full of grace .	0
upon the king !	0
good volumnius ,  you know that we two went to school together; even because that our love of old ,  please ,  hold my sword handle while i run into it .	0
a customer !	0
your daughter spent ,  as i heard ,  one night ,  in genoa eighty dollars .	0
know you not the cause ?	0
this night i hold an old accustomed feast ,  whereto i have invited many a guest such as i love .	0
wherefore’s this noise ?	0
think of it.	0
i would’ve been happy if the whole army had had sex with her ,  the lowest - ranking grunts and all ,  as long as i didn’t know anything about it .	0
sir ,  before this audience ,  let my denial of evil intent give me immunity in your most generous thoughts as though i have shot my arrow over the house and hurt my brother .	0
peace ,  and be quiet !	0
how if fair and foolish?	0
monday ,  my lord .	0
ay ,  better than him i am before knows me .	0
the sun is high ,  and we outwear the day .	0
i can’t imagine what’s made him so unlike himself ,  other than his father’s death .	0
he’s just launcelot .	0
heaven rest them now!	0
the only glory princes have are their titles .	0
who is't that hinders you ?	0
i am a king ,  my masters ,  know you that ?	0
i’d send seven of my servants to go get him .	0
knock, knock.	0
brutus ,  thou sleep'st: awake and see thyself !	0
you have not a man in all athens able to discharge pyramus but he .	0
a fair woman !	0
oh no !	0
why ,  sir ,  his hide is so tanned with his trade that a will keep out water a great while; and your water is a sore decayer of your whoreson dead body .	0
stop ,  for god’s sake !	0
go .	0
this is that very mab that braids the manes of horses in the night; and bakes tangled messes of hair into foul dirty hairs ,  which ,  once untangled ,  signals the beginning of much misfortune .	0
look at your wife; observe her well with cassio; wear your eye like this ,  not jealous or secure .	0
what would my lord ?	0
a messenger from the galleys .	0
when shall we three meet again ?	0
do you confess the bond?	0
please smile whenever you’re near me ,  my dearest darling .  ”	0
that may be ,  sir ,  when i may be a wife .	0
yes ,  you are .	0
and what's the news ,  good cousin lodovico ?	0
oh ,  my poor rosalind ,  where will you go ?	0
be bright and jovial among your guests tonight .	0
can you tell me whether one launcelot ,  that dwells with him ,  dwell with him ,  or no ?	0
give me the daggers .	0
what's the boy malcolm ?	0
weapons ,  arms ?	0
he wants the child for himself ,  to accompany him on his wanderings through the wild forests .	0
naked ,  ”  he says .	0
i’ll head to france soon .	0
twice did he turn his back and purposed so ,  but kindness ,  nobler ever than revenge ,  and nature ,  stronger than his just occasion ,  made him give battle to the lioness ,  who quickly fell before him; in which hurtling ,  from miserable slumber i awaked .	0
draw your sword ,  scoundrel .	0
sir,— one: speak.	0
no.	0
come ,  come ,  you’re drunk .	0
are you truthful ?	0
rebellion's head will never rise until the wood of birnam rise, and our high-placed macbeth shall live until his dying day, the death of his own time and mortal custom.	0
he really was tricked horribly .	0
yeah, while you’re alive, you’ll only draw your neck out of the hangman’s collar.	0
your letters have transported me beyond this ignorant present ,  and i now feel the future in the instant .	0
signior antonio!	0
besides ,  the king’s name is a tower of strength which they upon the adverse party want .	0
o ,  here will i set up my everlasting rest and shake the yoke of inauspicious stars from this world - wearied flesh .	0
not too fast !	0
the princess is the better englishwoman . —i' faith ,  kate ,  my wooing is fit for thy understanding .	0
i bleed ,  sir ,  but i am not killed .	0
thou shalt be pinched as thick as honeycomb ,  each pinch more stinging than bees that made 'em .	0
your gambols ?	0
arise ,  black vengeance ,  from your hollow hell !	0
tomorrow night look that thou lie alone .	0
o fool !	0
the other motive why to a public count i might not go is the great love the general gender bear him ,  who ,  dipping all his faults in their affection ,  would ,  like the spring that turneth wood to stone ,  convert his gyves to graces; so that my arrows ,  too slightly timber'd for so loud a wind ,  would have reverted to my bow again ,  and not where i had aim'd them .	0
o, then i see that madmen have no ears.	0
never ,  my lord .	0
o sinful thought !	0
will you hear it again?	0
i think he will stand very strong with us .	0
so ho!	0
ay, or very falsely pocket up his report.	0
my eyes itch; does that predict tears?	0
i gave my love a ring ,  and made him swear never to part with it; and here he stands , — i dare be sworn for him he would not leave it ,  nor pluck it from his finger ,  for the wealth that the world masters .	0
ay ,  if your self’s remembrance wrong yourself .	0
i'll devil-porter it no further.	0
putting the juice of it on sleeping eyelids will make or man or woman madly fall in love with the next live creature that it sees .	0
are you out of your mind and deaf too ?	0
say ,  what ,  is horatio there ?	0
o life !	0
o me, what hast thou done?	0
if he steal aught the whilst this play is playing ,  and 'scape detecting ,  i will pay the theft .	0
a lover would have to be weepier ,  of course .	0
as mine on hers ,  so hers is set on mine ,  and all combined ,  save what thou must combine by holy marriage .	0
who’s in there ?	0
the sun is up and we’re wasting the day !	0
watch titinius and tell me what you see in the field .	0
gone ?	0
fiend angelical!	0
i wish you would bear your luck like a man !	0
do so .	0
sir toby belch !	0
indeed, they are out of proportion; my letters say a hundred and seven galleys.	0
then love me ,  rosalind .	0
to see an elderly ,  unlucky merchant from syracuse publicly beheaded for breaking the law and coming here to ephesus .	0
a gentler judgment vanished from his lips ,  not your body's death ,  but your body's banishment .	0
i don’t like his face .	0
romans ,  countrymen ,  and lovers !	0
how does lieutenant cassio?	0
and what are you going to do with it ?	0
look, here he comes.	0
for heaven's sake, help me!	0
if we do meet again ,  we’ll smile indeed .	0
o ,  woe is me ,  to have seen what i have seen ,  see what i see !	0
be near me ,  that i may remember you .	0
how did he receive you ,  let me be convinced .	0
look, when i vow, i weep; and vows that are born in tears show the whole truth at that moment.	0
what i am ,  truly ,  is your and my poor country's to command ,  where ,  indeed ,  before you came here ,  old siward ,  with ten thousand warlike men already at a point ,  was coming to .	0
is it not monstrous that this player here, but in a fiction, in a dream of passion, could force his soul so to his own conceit that from her working all his visage wann'd, tears in his eyes, distraction in's aspect, a broken voice, and his whole function suiting with forms to his conceit?	0
i am very reluctant to go; there is some ill disturbing my rest ,  because i dreamt of moneybags tonight .	0
i’ll kill myself out of grief !	0
get out of my sight ! —i guess if she doesn’t love her father ,  then i’ll only have peace when i’m dead . —call the king of france .	0
go bid the priests do present sacrifice and bring me their opinions of success .	0
if you want to watch ,  follow me .	0
it is othello's pleasure ,  our noble and valiant general ,  that upon certain tidings now arrived ,  importing the mere perdition of the turkish fleet ,  every man put himself into triumph; some to dance ,  some to make bonfires ,  each man to what sport and revels his addiction leads him; for besides these beneficial news ,  it is the celebration of his nuptial .	0
to make society the sweeter welcome ,  we will keep ourself till suppertime alone .	0
my wife killed too?	0
a husband ?	0
do so, and bid my sweet prepare to chide.	0
it is the part of men to fear and tremble when the most mighty gods by tokens send such dreadful heralds to astonish us .	0
my name ,  dear saint ,  is hateful to me because it is an enemy to you .	0
why, uncle, 'tis a shame.	0
good night, mother.	0
i’ll never see the likes of him again .	0
those linen cheeks of thine are counselors to fear .	0
to ’t ,  luxury ,  pell - mell—for i lack soldiers .	0
i think it was to see my mother's wedding .	0
so will i turn her virtue into pitch, and out of her own goodness make the net that shall enmesh them all.	0
how do you ,  sir ?	0
you are banished away from verona .	0
caesar, i never stood on ceremonies, yet now they fright me.	0
i’ll make you an example for the others to learn from .	0
romeo killed tybalt .	0
the king would speak with cornwall .	0
how could that happen ?	0
mark antony ,  take caesar’s body .	0
he's what he is.	0
a drum ,  a drum !	0
this business is well ended.	0
i have brought you from venice .	0
friar ,  it cannot be .	0
show .	0
has your heart cooled toward me ?	0
is thy master coming ?	0
and still i wish but for the thing that i already have.	0
good sentences ,  and well pronounced .	0
i am to blame .	0
silence !	0
must i bite ?	0
get thee to a nunnery.	0
right .	0
and the rarest person that ever came there.	0
speak, strike, redress!” am i entreated to speak and strike?	0
thank you .	0
don’t damn yourself .	0
i was told so ,  but i will send .	0
what seest thou else in the dark backward and abyss of time ?	0
what said my man ,  when my betossèd soul did not attend him as we rode ?	0
resolve yourselves apart: i'll come to you anon.	0
he  i can’t tell what’s going on .	0
here in the tent .	0
how now ,  oswald ?	0
marry, that ‘marry’ is the very theme i came to talk of.	0
out of her favour ,  where i am in love .	0
a touch, a touch; i do confess.	0
bring them before us .	0
now sir, this granted—as it is a most pregnant and unforced position—who stands so eminently in the degree of this fortune as cassio does?	0
to pay five dollars, five, i wouldn’t farm it, and it won’t yield either to norway or the poles a worse rate if it should it be sold in payment.	0
i beg you ,  tonight lay my wedding sheets on my bed ,  remember ?	0
no ,  let me not .	0
the next thing then she waking looks upon— be it on lion ,  bear ,  or wolf ,  or bull ,  on meddling monkey or on busy ape— she shall pursue it with the soul of love .	0
it would be wrong for me to think poorly of my grandmother .	0
don’t hang on my clothes .	0
come, gertrude, we'll call up our wisest friends and let them know both what we mean to do and what's untimely done.	0
oh ,  oh ,  edmund ,  i don’t like this monstrous business .	0
see ,  see ,  our honor'd hostess !	0
what ,  did they never whisper ?	0
who was it that came here ?	0
but it’s dangerous to make him try to make sense of the time he lost .	0
i’ll give the queen a hearing and grant her requests if she either throws her dishonored friend out of egypt or kills him .	0
hath not else his eye stray’d his affection in unlawful love ,  a sin prevailing much in youthful men who give their eyes the liberty of gazing ?	0
i never knew a woman who loved a man so much .	0
will you play on this pipe ?	0
we have lost best half of our affair .	0
i wish it might prove the end of his losses.	0
he rejected my authority as much as yours .	0
his reared arm crested the world .	0
so.	0
and till she come, as truly as to heaven i do confess the vices of my blood, so justly to your grave ears i'll present how i did thrive in this fair lady's love and she in mine.	0
my lord ?	0
ay ,  madam ,  twenty several messengers .	0
was the crown offered him thrice ?	0
to you your father should be as a god; one that composed your beauties; yea, and one to whom you are but as a form in wax, by him imprinted, and within his power to leave the figure, or disfigure it.	0
you mock me, sir.	0
all are punish'd.	0
pluck down forms ,  windows ,  any thing .	0
horatio ,  you are just like the man that my conversation just now praised .	0
kill !	0
all's one .	0
give me your hand .	0
why are you looking for me ?	0
young men will do it if they come to it, by god, they are to blame.	0
they have made meat for the worms out meat of me.	0
he’ll be done in time .	0
and can’t you ,  by any circumstance ,  get from him why he puts on this craziness ,  grating all his days of quiet so harshly with turbulence and dangerous lunacy ?	0
what use is mercy except to confront the face of offense?	0
i’d be very grateful to you if you did .	0
fie ,  fie !	0
no, sir, she shall not, though you take her part.	0
on .	0
the heavens forbid anything but our loves and comforts should increase even as our days grow long!	0
i should sit in the corner and sing that song ,   “ heigh - ho for a husband !  ”  lady beatrice ,  i’ll get you a husband .	0
did you say all?	0
what means this lady ?	0
o, the blood is spill'd of my dear kinsman!	0
i cannot but remember such things were that were most precious to me .	0
i find it still ,  when i have leave to sleep .	0
i will rather sue to be despised than to deceive so good a commander with so slight ,  so drunken ,  and so indiscreet an officer .	0
or ,  failing so ,  yet that i put the moor at least into a jealousy so strong that judgment cannot cure .	0
watch cassius .	0
don’t you suspect my office ?	0
if you see me without it ,  you can be confident i’m dead .	0
double ,  double toil and trouble ,  fire burn ,  and cauldron bubble .	0
it was his bidding; therefore, good emilia, give me my nightly wearing, and adieu.	0
i thank you, doctor.	0
it may be ,  very likely .	0
i would i were senseless ,  sir ,  that i might not feel your blows .	0
away ,  and let me die .	0
but all so soon as the all - cheering sun should in the farthest east begin to draw the shady curtains from aurora’s bed ,  away from light steals home my heavy son ,	0
this morning are they fled away and gone ,  and in their steads do ravens ,  crows ,  and kites fly o'er our heads and downward look on us as we were sickly prey .	0
poor i am but his stale .	0
will you tear impatient answers from my gentle tongue?	0
shall we clap into ’t roundly ,  without hawking or spitting or saying we are hoarse ,  which are the only prologues to a bad voice ?	0
the dearest friend to me, the kindest man, the best conditioned and unwearied spirit in manners, and one in whom the ancient roman honor appears more than any man alive in italy.	0
naught that i am ,  not for their own demerits ,  but for mine ,  fell slaughter on their souls .	0
amazingly sleepy !	0
out ,  damned spot !	0
yes ,  honestly; because ,  look ,  the sins of the father are to be laid on the children; so ,  i promise you ,  i’m afraid you .	0
lead the way.	0
here’s a postscript !  .	0
god pardon sin !	0
safely stow'd.	0
what you have spoke, it may be so perchance.	0
her only fault ,  and that is faults enough ,  is that she is intolerable curst ,  and shrewd and froward ,  so beyond all measure that ,  were my state far worser than it is ,  i would not wed her for a mine of gold .	0
and discourse fustian with one's own shadow?	0
why ,  sir ,  a carpenter .	0
the one who plays the part of the king will be particularly welcome .	0
as great to me ,  as recently; and ,  to make the dear loss tolerable ,  i have much weaker means than you have to comfort you ,  because i have lost my daughter .	0
the life?	0
no safety ?	0
but major issues must come before minor ones .	0
ill luck ,  ill luck ?	0
he is too disputable for my company .	0
swear .	0
fare you well at once .	0
by and by .	0
that’s not good; i don’t like it.	0
both by myself and many other friends; but he ,  his own affections’ counsellor ,  is to himself—i will not say how true— but to himself so secret and so close ,  so far from sounding and discovery ,  as is the bud bit with an envious worm ere he can spread his sweet leaves to the air or dedicate his beauty to the sun .	0
denmark’s a prison .	0
searching the window for a flint ,  i found this paper ,  thus sealed up ,  and i am sure it did not lie there when i went to bed .	0
many former friends of ours have gathered to meet the fleet and aren’t willing to beat it back .	0
it’s not good for your peace or your wellbeing ,  or for my manhood ,  honesty ,  or wisdom to let you know my thoughts .	0
tybalt ,  liest thou there in thy bloody sheet ?	0
do you confess the bond ?	0
i shall also have cause to speak of that ,  and directly from his mouth whose voice will deliver it .	0
breaks my pate across ?	0
what about that ?	0
my brave spirit !	0
o ,  be thou damn'd ,  inexecrable dog !	0
am i not stayed for ,  cinna ?	0
but what is your affair in elsinore ?	0
is it true ,  is it true ?	0
i will stay covered here until the last of the storm is over .	0
give him the cup.	0
he ,  of all the men that ever my foolish eyes looked upon ,  was the best deserving a fair lady .	0
if thou canst cuckold him ,  thou dost thyself a pleasure ,  me a sport .	0
and for an earnest of a greater honor, he bade me, from him, call thee thane of cawdor.	0
egeus ,  i will overbear your will; for in the temple ,  by and by ,  with us these couples shall eternally be knit .	0
you are deceived .	0
i pray thee ,  if it stand with honesty ,  buy thou the cottage ,  pasture ,  and the flock ,  and thou shalt have to pay for it of us .	0
but not ,  as i am ,  royal .	0
caesar shall forth .	0
if anyone doubts this ,  let him put me on trial .	0
be content ,  gentle cousin ,  leave him alone .	0
very brief ,  and to exceeding good sense—less .	0
not now ,  sweet desdemon; some other time .	0
condemned villain, i arrest you.	0
and listen !	0
each new morn new widows howl, new orphans cry, new sorrows strike heaven on the face, that it resounds as if it felt with scotland and yell'd out like syllable of dolor.	0
servant monster ”  ?	0
he’s in athens ,  my lord .	0
o most pernicious woman!	0
go ahead and say you don’t love me ,  but not so bitterly .	0
he is a worthy governor but this same cassio, although he speaks of comfort touching the turkish loss, he still looks sad, and prays the moor is safe, because they were parted with an evil and violent tempest.	0
petruchio ,  stand by a while .	0
i’ll move to a more open place and there speak to great caesar as he walks past .	0
wolfish-rabid lamb!	0
no ,  let me praise you while i want to .	0
if i were to make a prediction regarding this union ,  i wouldn’t say that .	0
in sooth, you are to blame.	0
it’s a pity, what hateful sin it is in me to be ashamed to be my father's child!	0
i conjure you by that which you profess— howe'er you come to know it—answer me .	0
how do you ,  madam ?	0
count ,  take of me my daughter ,  and with her my fortunes .	0
this bodiless creation is very cunning in imagination.	0
i will not choose what many men desire, because i will not jump with common spirits and rank myself with the barbarous multitudes.	0
this is the prophecy that the wizard	0
sure ,  her offense must be of such unnatural degree that monsters it (or your fore - vouched affection fall into taint) ,  which to believe of her must be a faith that reason without miracle could never plant in me .	0
he would not ?	0
he cannot be heard of .	0
dismiss me .	0
nor i .	0
may god’s blessing go with you and with all who turn bad into good ,  and enemies into friends !	0
leave .	0
i say, to buy his good will, i extend this friendship; if he will take it, okay; if not, goodbye; and, for my friendship, please don’t insult me.	0
that’s enough .	0
sorry i am my noble cousin should suspect me that i mean no good to him .	0
nor is it up to you ,  my lord .	0
and for that purpose ,  i’ll poison my sword .	0
why ,  what should you fear ?	0
damn you !	0
dead ,  dead ?	0
it is impossible they bear it out .	0
but now we don’t have to !	0
wouldn’t he be a comfort to us in our travels ?	0
i like this girl !	0
not so sick ,  my lord ,  as she is troubled with thick - coming fancies ,  that keep her from her rest .	0
no greater heart in thee ?	0
bring me some light ,  gentlemen ,  i’ll bind the wound with my shirt .	0
your love says ,  like an honest gentleman ,   “ where is your mother ?  ” ’ o god's lady dear !	0
where could i have lost that handkerchief ,  emilia ?	0
if ,  duke of burgundy ,  you would the peace ,  whose want gives growth to th' imperfections which you have cited ,  you must buy that peace with full accord to all our just demands ,  whose tenors and particular effects you have ,  enscheduled briefly ,  in your hands .	0
my uncle clarence’s angry ghost .	0
every person i meet greets me like an old friend ,  and every one of them knows my name .	0
princes travel across deserts and the vast wilderness of arabia to come see the beautiful portia .	0
now ,  by st .  george ,  my knighthood ,  and my crown— the first you profaned ,  the second you dishonored ,  and the third you stole .	0
your dog - like spirit that must have been ruled by a wolf hanged for killing a human ,  his evil soul falling quickly even from the gallows ,  and ,  while you lay in your unholy mother ,  sent itself into you ,  because your desires are wolfish ,  bloody ,  starved ,  and hungry .	0
who has a breast so pure that some unclean thoughts keep court records and legal holidays, and sit in session with lawful deliberations?	0
a’ was a merry man) took up the child .	0
my lord, there is a messenger waiting outside with letters from the doctor, just now arrived from padua.	0
before the time i did lysander see, seem'd athens as a paradise to me.	0
why did i marry ?	0
run to the capitol, and nothing else?	0
no more .	0
here’s the east .	0
is it good or bad ?	0
stand, ho!	0
o piteous spectacle!	0
trick up with new - tuned oaths; and what a beard of the general’s cut and a horrid suit of the camp will do among foaming bottles and ale - washed wits is wonderful to be thought on .	0
i feel this pinprick .	0
no ,  sir ,  i live by the church .	0
please, good mercutio, let's go home.	0
i’ll have the work ta'en out and give ’t iago .	0
all these are portable, with other graces weigh'd.	0
why are you looking for me ?	0
the one of them imports the death of cassio to be undertook by roderigo .	0
i’ll give it a try .	0
she would hang on to him ,  and the more she was with him the more she wanted to be with him; she couldn’t get enough of him .	0
he followed you .	0
but with much forcing of his disposition.	0
well then ,  saint ,  let lips do what hands do .	0
when he came to himself again ,  he said ,  if he had done or said any thing amiss ,  he desired their worships to think it was his infirmity .	0
that same cowardly giant - like ox - beef hath devoured many a gentleman of your house .	0
kneel not, gentle portia.	0
well then, now have you consider'd of my speeches?	0
an’ a speak anything against me ,  i'll take him down ,  an’ a were lustier than he is ,  and twenty such jacks; and if i cannot ,  i'll find those that shall .	0
and if i could, what should i get for saying so?	0
i and my bosom must debate awhile ,  and then i would no other company .	0
i should sin only to think nobly of my grandmother: good women have had bad sons.	0
but first i’ll turn yon fellow in his grave and then return lamenting to my love .	0
if my heart's dear love ,  well ,  don’t swear .	0
i must to the barber’s ,  monsieur ,  for methinks i am marvelous hairy about the face .	0
and then pyramus showed up .	0
that’s the one: leonato’s hero ,  your hero ,  every man’s hero .	0
none ,  my lord ,  but that the world's grown honest .	0
why do you look so depressed today ,  your grace ?	0
i’ll hear cassius ,  and compare their reasons ,  once they have all been told .	0
let heaven be my witness—i’m putting my mind ,  my heart ,  and my hands in othello’s control .	0
false - boding woman ,  end thy frantic curse ,  lest to thy harm thou move our patience .	0
well ,  peace be with you ,  sir .	0
men may sleep ,  and they may have their throats about them at that time ,  and some say knives have edges .	0
your worship speaks like a most thankful and reverent youth ,  and i praise god for you .	0
marry, sir, here's my drift, and i believe it is a fetch of warrant.	0
they call for dates and quinces in the pastry .	0
have a nice day!	0
to answer by the method ,  in the first of his heart .	0
why should not i then prosecute my right ?	0
he did comply with his dug before he sucked it .	0
i’ve gone through the whole forest, but i haven’t found any athenian on whose eyes i might pour this flower's juice to stir his love.	0
but soft !	0
i’m biting my thumb .	0
how do you feel ,  laertes ?	0
say he is sick .	0
nay ,  ’tis most certain ,  iras .	0
o, i have lost my reputation!	0
god forgive us our sins !	0
why are you making them work so hard ?	0
indeed ,  that is out of the air .	0
i have a wife i love .	0
what do you think ,  girl !	0
but now i was the lord of this fair mansion ,  master of my servants ,  queen o'er myself .	0
brutus hath rived my heart .	0
that is because the traitor murderer lives .	0
when shall he come?	0
why, lamb!	0
oh no !	0
no epilogue, i pray you; for your play needs no excuse.	0
and what said he ?	0
by the apostle paul ,  shadows tonight have struck more terror to the soul of richard than can the substance of ten thousand soldiers armed in proof and led by shallow richmond .	0
more shall they speak; for now i am bent to know ,  by the worst means ,  the worst .	0
news ,  lads !	0
alas, who knows?	0
let this pernicious hour stand aye accursèd in the calendar !	0
now go we in content to liberty ,  and not to banishment .	0
so i’ll have nothing to do with that gaudy gold box—it’s like the gold that midas couldn’t eat .	0
but since your father doesn’t want him to marry you ,  you have to consider demetrius to be the better man .	0
his forward voice now is to speak well of his friend; his backward voice is to utter foul speeches and to detract .	0
what kind of help do you need ?	0
adieu ,  brave moor ,  use desdemona well .	0
as rich shall romeo's by his lady's lie— poor sacrifices of our enmity!	0
i’ll come at you with the old proverb:  “ should i make myself at home ?  ”	0
i did so, and i went even further, which is now the point of our second meeting.	0
judge for yourself .	0
fain would i dwell on form ,  fain ,  fain deny what i have spoke; but farewell complement !	0
fairies ,  be gone ,  and stay away .	0
we’re off ,  biondello .	0
what ,  would you have me beg for my food ?	0
the sun itself has never seen anyone as beautiful since the world began .	0
and i am ,  i am .	0
how is my juliet ?	0
as they pass by ,  pluck casca by the sleeve ,  and he will ,  after his sour fashion ,  tell you what hath proceeded worthy note today .	0
we love him highly, and shall continue our graces towards him.	0
what is decreed must be ,  and be this so .	0
there’s another .	0
just close up these holes with your finger and thumb, put it in your mouth and blow, and it will yield the most eloquent music.	0
what do kings have that private men do not ,  besides the pomp of their position ?	0
come on ,  sir ,  please .	0
will you agree with me that ferdinand is drowned?	0
i never saw her till now .	0
you may think that i don’t love you .	0
most welcome home!	0
how is that possible ?	0
i’ll unhair thy head !	0
i never felt it till now—two thousand ducats in that ,  and other precious ,  precious jewels .	0
and what of him ,  tranio ?	0
o mischief ,  you are quick to enter into the thoughts of desperate men !	0
be quiet ,  people !	0
piece out our imperfections with your thoughts .	0
lord edmund spake not with your lord at home ?	0
that’s why paintings of cupid ,  the god of love ,  always show him as blind .	0
by this leek ,  i swear i’ll make you pay for this .	0
follow me ,  lady . — turn out that eyeless villain .	0
i'll not believe it .	0
they are pitiful .	0
for a necklace your husband had him make .	0
madman !	0
may be the letter upset him; because ,  i think ,  they command him to come home ,  making cassio governor in his place .	0
i pray you bring me on the way a little and say if i shall see you soon at night .	0
if you can think of a more awful title ,  i’ll call her that .	0
my master’s a very jew .	0
well; ok; very well.	0
why are you looking for me?	0
let’s see ,  how can i	0
well moused ,  lion .	0
but ,  on .	0
tell me, for more certainty, albeit i'll swear that i do know your tongue.	0
why ,  then ,  it is hers ,  my lord ,  and being hers ,  she may ,  i think ,  give it to any man .	0
now ,  i’ll stand to it ,  the pancakes were naught and the mustard was good ,  and yet was not the knight forsworn .	0
nothing ,  messala .	0
how ?	0
no ,  truly .	0
i am none of his skains - mates .	0
say ,  have i thy consent that they shall die ?	0
no ,  not a denier .	0
it’s bitter cold ,  and i’m depressed .	0
i must to the barber's ,  monsieur; for methinks i am marvellous hairy about the face; and i am such a tender ass ,  if my hair do but tickle me i must scratch .	0
wash me in steep - down gulfs of liquid fire !	0
how may we try it further ?	0
she will  a pimp !	0
by this scimitar,— that slew the sophy, and a persian prince, that won three fields of sultan solyman,— i would o'erstare the sternest eyes that look, outbrave the heart most daring on the earth, pluck the young sucking cubs from the she-bear, yea, mock the lion when he roars for prey, to win thee, lady.	0
if luck wants me to be king, luck may crown me without my doing anything at all.	0
far from this country pindarus shall run ,  where never roman shall take note of him .	0
let’s do it.	0
what is your pleasure ?	0
then he pulled a watch from his bag and ,  looking at it solemnly ,  said ,   “ it’s ten o'clock .	0
yes ,  yes ,  this is the rope ladder .	0
spirits ,  which ,  by my magic ,  i have called from their borders to enact my present wishes .	0
no ,  not until thursday .	0
is she shrill - tongued or low ?	0
but his navy rules the sea .	0
someone who was always near you .	0
we shall lose our opportunity ,  and we’ll all be turned into geese ,  or into apes with villainous ,  low foreheads .	0
yet must not we put the strong law on him.	0
why, what is tybalt?	0
then up he rose and put on his clothes ,  and opened the chamber door ,  let in the maid that rejected a maid and never left again .	0
if you deny it ,  let the danger light upon your charter and your city’s freedom .	0
then leave him out .	0
it must be  nay ,  but hear you ,  goodman delver— give me leave .	0
tis a good hand, a frank one.	0
watch me like a hawk .	0
oh ,  that’s ominous !	0
how was this seal'd ?	0
mistress ,  how mean you that ?	0
for we will fetters put upon this fear ,  which now goes too free - footed .	0
i could well wish courtesy would invent some other custom of entertainment.	0
not that i know .	0
for if the sun breed maggots in a dead dog ,  being a good kissing carrion— have you a daughter ?	0
i don’t ,  sir .	0
can you tell me whether one launcelot that dwells with him ,  dwell with him or no ?	0
what ?	0
does that necessarily mean you should love his son ?	0
i changed my mind .	0
did michael cassio ,  when you courted my lady ,  know about your love ?	0
and yet it is almost against my conscience.	0
yes ,  if your memories do you no good .	0
by mary, sir, by many a wind instrument that i know.	0
let him alone .	0
but ,  as he was ambitious ,  i slew him .	0
the crown was offered to him three times ?	0
dove-feather'd raven!	0
if we offend you, it is with our good will.	0
out of the moon ,  i assure you: i was the man in the moon ,  a long time ago .	0
how  “ strangely ”  ?	0
ha ,  ha ,  ha !	0
speak’st thou in sober meanings ?	0
will you walk ,  sir ? —o desdemona— my lord ?	0
wife !	0
i will either get you out ,  lying if i have to ,  or stay in prison in your place .	0
shame on you !	0
retreat !	0
is that the law ?	0
walk a little before me.	0
swear your love .	0
fetch't ,  let me see it .	0
now your jest is earnest .	0
what do you want from me ?	0
believe me ,  king of illusions ,  i made a mistake .	0
what said he when he came unto himself ?	0
thou praisest the worst best.	0
here come the officers .	0
not so sick ,  my lord ,  as she is troubled with a number of illusions ,  that keep her from resting .	0
you suffered a loss like mine ?	0
i mean ,  my head upon your lap ?	0
flee ?	0
besides ,  our hands are hard and calloused .	0
if you have poison for me ,  i’ll drink it .	0
who's here?	0
my father can’t think straight—a hundred knights !	0
go bring them here .	0
my friend antonio ,  all i can say is thank you .	0
is it  “ chaste in word and action ”  ?	0
ay ,  mine own fortune in my misery .	0
when these prodigies do so conjointly meet ,  let not men say  “ these are their reasons; they are natural ,  ”  for ,  i believe ,  they are portentous things unto the climate that they point upon .	0
i now repent i told the pursuivant ,  as too triumphing ,  how mine enemies today at pomfret bloodily were butchered ,  and i myself secure in grace and favor .	0
let ’t be so ,  good corporal nym .	0
let me have audience for a word or two .	0
i’m sir rowland’s middle son ,  and i bring you news .	0
besides ,  there’s no king ,  however pure his cause ,  who ,  if it comes to a trial by combat ,  can rely on using completely blameless soldiers .	0
my lord ,  he’s afraid you mean him harm .	0
our queen and all her elves are coming here any minute !	0
please walk softly ,  so not even a mole hears us approach .	0
this is decius brutus .	0
then music with her silver sound with speedy help doth lend redress . ’ what a pestilent knave is this same !	0
i make not ,  but foresee .	0
maybe they call me that because i am cheerful .	0
right away ,  good nurse !	0
what are you going to tell her ,  nurse ?	0
tis lodovico come from the duke.	0
but when i got here, some minutes before the time of her waking up, here the noble paris lay and true romeo, both untimely dead.	0
you, to remove that siege of grief from her, engaged and would have married her against her will, to count paris.	0
what is your will ?	0
and the grace of heaven, before, behind thee, and on every hand, enwheel thee round!	0
age, thou art shamed!	0
take thou the bill ,  give me thy mete -  yard ,  and spare not me .	0
not this ,  but troubles of the marriage bed .	0
let’s hear him.	0
wilt come ?	0
they told me i was everything .	0
awake, i say!	0
whose house?	0
so hangs and lolls and weeps upon me; so hales and pulls me .	0
knock knock knock, knock, knock, knock!	0
very well taken ,  i believe ,  very wise .	0
there's none, or little of that.	0
we march towards birnam .	0
i feel sorry for you .	0
what speech, my lord?	0
from this time such i account thy love .	0
cassio ,  i love thee; but never more be officer of mine .	0
watch him closely .	0
i am hers: only, oh!	0
was he a gentleman?	0
he is the general challenger .	0
silenced with that ,  in viewing o'er the rest o’ the selfsame day ,  he finds thee in the stout norweyan ranks ,  nothing afeard of what thyself didst make ,  strange images of death .	0
oh ,  mickle is the powerful grace that lies in herbs ,  plants ,  stones ,  and their true qualities .	0
i’m here ,  here !	0
go softly on .	0
most mighty caesar ,  let me know some reason ,  in case i’m laughed at when i tell them so .	0
to offend, and judge, are distinct offices, and of opposed natures.	0
good beauties ,  let me sustain no scorn .	0
i think i hear them .	0
true ,  noble prince .	0
we all expect a gentle answer ,  jew .	0
methinks it should be now a huge eclipse of sun and moon ,  and that the affrighted globe should yawn at alteration .	0
pronounce this sentence then women may fall when there's no strength in men .	0
and for that offence immediately we do exile him hence.	0
lovers and madmen have such busy brains, such ability to shape fantasies, that they catch more than cool reason ever understands.	0
forsooth ,  a great arithmetician ,  one michael cassio ,  a florentine a fellow almost damn'd in a fair wife that never set a squadron in the field ,  nor the division of a battle knows more than a spinster; unless the bookish theoric ,  where in the toga'd consuls can propose as masterly as he; mere prattle without practice ,  is all his soldiership .	0
he received them of him that brought them .	0
princes and counts !	0
sink rome !	0
go before, nurse.	0
give me thy hand .	0
he must be very near by now .	0
he was a wreck ,  almost past hope .	0
you may doubt you that the stars are fire, ”you may doubt that the sun does move, ”you may doubt truth to be a liar, ”but never doubt i love.	0
name what part i am for ,  and proceed .	0
by this sword,— that killed the shah, a persian prince, that won three battles with sultan solomon,— i would out stare the angriest eyes that look, outbrave the most daring heart on the earth, pluck the young, sucking cubs from their mother, yes, taunt the lion when he roars for prey, to win you, lady.	0
then confess what treason there is mingled with your love.	0
tis he.	0
you are not wood, you are not stones, but men; and, being men, hearing the will of caesar, it will inflame you, it will make you mad.	0
let a true evaluation of the military situation wait until we have won the battle .	0
would'st thou withdraw it?	0
but that i do not .	0
lower, lower!	0
the foe vaunts in the field .	0
then stand with us .	0
let me tell you ,  cassius ,  you yourself are much condemned for being greedy ,  to sell and advertise your offices to unworthy people for gold .	0
where do you come from ?	0
let not the nurse lie with thee in thy chamber .	0
now he’ll sit under a  let’s go .	0
here's a skull now .	0
i wish there wasn’t so much dew on the ground .	0
cupid is a knavish lad  thus to make poor females mad .	0
you think i’ll weep ?	0
very bad .	0
that’s the whore’s curse ,  to seduce many men ,  but to be seduced by one .	0
you can fool no more money out of me at this throw .	0
i will tomorrow, and betimes i will, to the weird sisters.	0
did you give everything to your two daughters and end up like this ?	0
what’s there to say ?	0
thy master and his man are here ,  and that is false thou dost report to us .	0
bear it straight ,  and bring thy master home immediately .	0
treason !	0
love is a smoke rais'd with the fume of sighs; being purg'd ,  a fire sparkling in lovers’ eyes; being vex'd ,  a sea nourish'd with lovers’ tears .	0
you are so far ahead that swiftest way of repaying is slow to overtake you .	0
guard the door.	0
there is a litter ready .	0
now i perceive they have conjoin'd all three to fashion this false sport, in spite of me.	0
you ,  nick bottom ,  are set down for pyramus .	0
let the blood rushing to my cheeks be calmed .	0
tis no matter . — go to the fellow ,  good alexas .	0
look and see .	0
where is my father ?	0
o strange!	0
o ,  you are well tuned now !	0
so it appears by that i have to say .	0
talk not to me, for i'll not speak a word.	0
luck and antony separate here and now .	0
how now ,  my dear othello ?	0
what will you do ?	0
nymph ,  in your eyes may all my sins be remembered .	0
stay here .	0
why dost thou whet thy knife so earnestly?	0
who's there?	0
and those that leave their valiant bones in france ,  dying like men though buried in your dunghills ,  they shall be famed; for there the sun shall greet them and draw their honors reeking up to heaven ,  leaving their earthly parts to choke your clime ,	0
there she is .	0
tell them you know that hero loves me .	0
my wits begin to turn . —   come on ,  my boy .	0
i’ve lost so much weight worrying about my losses have that i’ll hardly have a pound of flesh to spare for my bloody creditor tomorrow . —well ,  jailer ,  let’s go . —i hope to god that bassanio comes to see me pay his debt .	0
follow ,  follow !	0
these many ,  then ,  shall die .	0
if i can get him to drink only one cup ,  with the one he’s already drunk tonight ,  he'll be as full of fighting and insults as my young mistress' dog .	0
his wildness is a threat to all of us—to you ,  to me ,  to everyone .	0
i can’t promise that love won’t transform me ,  but i can promise you this: until i truly fall in love ,  a woman will never make me act like such a fool .	0
i'll do't.	0
the man grows mad .	0
in that case i wish you were as good a man as a fish seller .	0
so that ,  as clear as is the summer’s sun ,  king pepin’s title and hugh capet’s claim ,  king lewis his satisfaction ,  all appear to hold in right and title of the female .	0
picture the mayor and all his brother citizens dressed in their best as they go forth like senators of ancient rome to welcome home their conquering caesar .	0
i saw her face as she walked with her brother and mark antony .	0
bellario greets your grace .	0
my lord ,  my lord ,  i’ll prove it on his body if he dare ,  despite his nice fence and his active practice ,  his may of youth and bloom of lustihood .	0
and, most dear actors, don’t eat any onions nor garlic, because we are to utter our lines with sweet breath; and i don’t doubt that we will hear them say it is a sweet comedy.	0
before we were even at sea for two days ,  a very nasty looking pirate chased us .	0
three thousand ducats;—'tis a good round sum .	0
fare you well .	0
i'll not fight with thee .	0
who’s taken over the watch for you ?	0
unreal mockery ,  hence !	0
filthy hags !	0
age is the thing that nourishes .	0
the throng that follows caesar at his heels ,  of senators ,  of praetors ,  common suitors ,  will crowd a feeble man almost to death .	0
there was a pretty redness in his lip ,  a little riper and more lusty red than that mixed in his cheek: ’twas just the difference betwixt the constant red and mingled damask .	0
ay, madam, but returns again tonight.	0
i know you have no choice .	0
where yond pine does stand i shall discover all .	0
i'm lost in it ,  my lord .	0
everything is well .	0
all things that are ,  are with more spirit chased than enjoy'd .	0
nay ,  you must forget that .	0
and for my love i pray you wrong me not .	0
and your reports have set the murder on.	0
yours ,  by this hand .	0
why are you giving me his title ?	0
my lord?	0
i won’t allow it .	0
behold !	0
gramercy !	0
excellent.	0
i think he brings the money .	0
truly ,  sir ,  to wear out their shoes to get myself into more work .	0
i am a very villain if i don’t .	0
why then ,  the beef ,  and let the mustard rest .	0
i didn’t come ,  friends ,  to steal away your hearts .	0
your fat king and your lean beggar interchangeable ,  two dishes but for one table .	0
so please you ,  something touching the lord hamlet .	0
sblood ,  do you think i am easier to be played on than a pipe ?	0
how doth my lady ?	0
feel you your legs ?	0
you say so?	0
i could not stay behind you .	0
malcolm and donalbain ,  the king’s two sons ,  are stol'n away and fled ,  which puts upon them suspicion of the deed .	0
the spring ,  the summer ,  the childing autumn ,  angry winter change their wonted liveries ,  and the mazèd world ,  by their increase ,  now knows not which is which .	0
life's only a walking shadow; a bad actor ,  that struts and worries about his hour onstage ,  and then is not heard from again .	0
oh, how ripe your lips are, those kissing cherries grow tempting!	0
how can a tailor make a person ?	0
here hung those lips that i have kissed i know not how oft .	0
say i ,  her sovereign ,  am her subject low .	0
i spoke with some of the sailors that escaped the wrack.	0
what say you ?	0
we’re on a tight schedule .	0
i beg you ,  stay seated .	0
what ,  pindarus !	0
alas, she has nothing to say.	0
well ,  i will hie and so bestow these papers as you bade me .	0
thou shalt ,  i warrant thee .	0
i will keep saying the funeral prayers for you ,  and i will come every night to put flowers on your grave and weep .	0
and ,  to sink in it ,  you should outweigh love; too great oppression for a tender feeling .	0
come ,  let me clutch thee .	0
don’t be afraid of her company .	0
what ,  keep a week away ?	0
he forbids it ,  being free from vainness and self - glorious pride ,  giving full trophy ,  signal ,  and ostent quite from himself ,  to god .	0
my employer is as good as yours .	0
leave me ,  i pray ,  a little .	0
the ambassadors from norway, my good lord, are joyfully returned.	0
there will be no lecture .	0
farewell ,  good strato .	0
well ,  first there was the prince from naples .	0
doth not rosemary and romeo begin both with a letter ?	0
well, she shall be there.	0
if i can find any animal in this wild forest ,  i’ll either be food for it or bring it as food for you .	0
hail to thee ,  lady ,  and the grace of heaven ,  before ,  behind thee ,  and on every hand ,  enwheel thee round !	0
speak; tell me.	0
methinks she should not use a long one for such a pyramus .	0
belike they had some notice of the people, how i had moved them.	0
malcolm ,  duncan’s son ,  from whom macbeth withholds his birthright ,  lives in the english court and is received by the most pious king edward with such grace that the evil twist of fate takes nothing from his high respect .	0
by mary, i wouldn’t do such a thing for a gold ring, or for measures of soft cotton, or for gowns, petticoats, or caps, or any little show; but, for the whole world -why, who wouldn’t unfaithful to her husband to make him a king?	0
he followed the old man .	0
let me stand here until you remember .	0
and so he fainted .	0
i’ve done everything you accuse me of—and more ,  much more .	0
i beg for justice, which you, prince, must give; romeo killed tybalt.	0
what is the reason for this terrible summons ?	0
come on ,  servant ,  come .	0
dost thou lie so low?	0
o fair katherine ,  if you will love me soundly with your french heart ,  i will be glad to hear you confess it brokenly with your english tongue .	0
what is the tyrant doing ?	0
he has no children .	0
i therefore vouch again that with some mixtures powerful o'er the blood or with some dram ,  conjured to this effect ,  he wrought upon her .	0
here's fine revolution, and we had the trick to see't.	0
tis known before .	0
very strangely ,  they say .	0
trebonius wants you to read this humble suit at your leisure .	0
i anger her sometimes and tell her that paris is the properer man .	0
give me your blessing .	0
then pack up your instruments and go away .	0
thus answer i in the name of benedick ,  but hear these ill news with the ears of claudio .	0
oh most happy hour !	0
draws .	0
affection?	0
i myself am playing the man in the moon— well then ,  that’s the biggest mistake of all .	0
no !	0
speak ,  my fair one ,  and speak fairly ,  i beg you .	0
you see an donkey - head of your own ,  do you ?	0
that's two of his weapons.	0
is this a prologue ,  or the posy of a ring ?	0
very well .	0
there are more things in heaven and earth, horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy.	0
follow ,  i pray you .	0
o woeful time .	0
you seasoned his food with screams .	0
he wouldn’t say that .	0
so much for him .	0
indeed ,  he’s not fit .	0
your hands than mine are quicker for a fray; my legs are longer though ,  to run away .	0
portia is dead .	0
here lies the county slain ,  and juliet bleeding ,  warm and newly dead ,  who here hath lain these two days buried . — go ,  tell the prince .	0
it is now high sup- pertime, and the night grows to waste.	0
get down on your knees and thank heaven for sending you such a good man .	0
now ,  madam ,  undress and come to bed .	0
is it true ,  is it true ?	0
there are two in the same room.	0
don’t you know me still ?	0
stayed it long ?	0
what devil art thou that dost torment me thus ?	0
my brother he is in elysium .	0
his beard was grizzled ,  no ?	0
oh ,  they are our friends .	0
the last was i that felt thy tyranny .	0
why can’t that be the skull of a lawyer?	0
show me which way .	0
cobweb.	0
the air bites shrewdly; it is very cold .	0
let me but move one question to your daughter ,  and by that fatherly and kindly power that you have in her ,  bid her answer truly .	0
my fan, peter.	0
good countrymen ,  let me leave alone .	0
here ,  here will i remain with worms that are thy chamber maids .	0
i thank you ,  madam: give welcome to my friend . — this is the man ,  this is antonio ,  to whom i am so infinitely bound .	0
o, lay me by my mistress’ side.	0
i don’t even have one to throw at a dog .	0
caesar wouldn’t take the crown .	0
o good horatio ,  what a wounded name that is ,  things left unknown like this ,  shall live after me !	0
prithee ,  be not angry .	0
hail, king of scotland!	0
though thou canst swim like a duck ,  thou art made like a goose .	0
he must be wearing this crazy outfit for some reason .	0
i met my father in the woods yesterday and had a long conversation with him .	0
what do you see ?	0
what was he ,  sad or merry ?	0
is it so brave a girl?	0
i’ll put ’t in proof .	0
i am only sorry  he had no other death’s - man .	0
is in his retirement ,  marvellous distempered .	0
yet she must die ,  or else she'll betray more men .	0
why ,  this it is when men are ruled by women .	0
what ,  and my old venetian friend ,  salerio ?	0
till he come home again ,  i would forbear .	0
learn it ,  learn it ,  marquess .	0
ah ,  revenge !	0
but please ,  therefore ,  old man ,  therefore ,  i beg you ,  are you talking about young master launcelot ?	0
lover!	0
come ,  my lord; and ,  as we fly ,  tell me how it happened this night that i was found here sleeping on the ground with these mortals .	0
nonsense !	0
tell the clock there .	0
i will but spend a word here in the house and go with you .	0
i am debating of my present store ,  and by the near guess of my memory i cannot instantly raise up the gross of full three thousand ducats .	0
there are reasons and causes why and how in everything .	0
i’ll smear my face with filth ,  put on a loincloth ,  make my hair matted and tangled ,  and face the bad weather wearing almost nothing .	0
give me my armor .	0
then dobbin’s tail must be growing backward .	0
if he hadn’t been drunk ,  he would’ve really roughed you up .	0
you’ll see .	0
ready ,  so please your grace .	0
why ,  you silly gentleman !	0
the eye of man has not heard, the ear of man has not seen; man's hand is not able to taste, his tongue to conceive, or his heart to report, what my dream was.	0
thou shalt not back till i have borne this corse into the marketplace .	0
rebels it at these years ?	0
give me,” quoth i.	0
my liege ,  this was my glove; here is the fellow of it .	0
next ,  cleopatra does confess thy greatness ,  submits her to thy might ,  and of thee craves the circle of the ptolemies for her heirs ,  now hazarded to thy grace .	0
pardon ,  dear father .	0
they probably put him up to killing old man gloucester to get his money .	0
they must lie there .	0
o my love !	0
nay ,  then ,  i'll set those to you that can speak .	0
the will ,  the will !	0
let me see one .	0
you need not tell us what lord hamlet said .	0
but you must learn to recognize such liars ,  or you will be greatly taken advantage of .	0
it is not expressly stated; but so what?	0
it’s a pity ,  what hateful sin it is in me to be ashamed to be my father's child !	0
now i know better .	0
i’ll seal to such a bond ,  and say there is much kindness in the jew .	0
is not your husband mad ?	0
and wast thou fain ,  poor father ,  to hovel thee with swine and rogues forlorn in short and musty straw ?	0
and can’t you, by any circumstance, get from him why he puts on this craziness, grating all his days of quiet so harshly with turbulence and dangerous lunacy?	0
you sunburnt sicklemen ,  of august weary ,  come hither from the furrow and be merry; make holiday ,  your rye - straw hats put on ,  and these fresh nymphs encounter every one in country footing .	0
we must be patient .	0
heaven's face doth glow; yea, this solidity and compound mass, with tristful visage, as against the doom, is thought-sick at the act.	0
do you think it is this?	0
this dagger hath mista'en, for, lo, his house is empty on the back of montague, and it missheathed in my daughter's bosom!	0
i bleed, sir, but not kill'd.	0
if it be ,  sir ,  i pray you ,  eat none of it .	0
for my part ,  i care not .	0
therein ,  ye gods ,  you tyrants do defeat .	0
look at it, horatio.	0
we must not.	0
news ,  lads ,  our wars are done !	0
but i have none.	0
if i don’t answer ,  perhaps you’ll think i’m accepting the heavy responsibility you foolishly want to impose on me .	0
yet marked i where the bolt of cupid fell .	0
what’s that ?	0
hast thou not dropped from heaven?	0
your emperor is still a king among gods .	0
i’ll do it with all my heart .	0
you are a council member: if you can command these elements to be silent, and make this present storm more peaceful, we won’t need to work the ropes anymore.	0
tis true indeed ,  so your daughter says .	0
i’ll reward treason with blows ,  i promise you .	0
i will proclaim my name around the field .	0
an excellent courtesy !	0
no ,  then ,  i’ll send those to you who can speak .	0
ok, i’ll do it.	0
then fly !	0
our imminent separation so occupies our thoughts that even though you stay here ,  you come with me ,  and even though i leave here ,  i stay with you .	0
he was perfect in everything .	0
i will hear cassius and compare their reasons ,  when severally we hear them rendered .	0
do you hear me, cassio?	0
i thank you.	0
what wouldst thou with us ?	0
nothing but to show you how a king may progress through the guts of a beggar .	0
nod to him, elves, and do him courtesies.	0
what kind of storm is this that blows so opposed to nature?	0
after your death you were better have a bad epitaph than their ill report while you live .	0
o ,  my lord ,  you said that idle weeds are fast in growth .	0
do you like the plot, trinculo?	0
tis a strange truth .	0
good night ,  lord brutus .	0
he can’t be fortune; he’s only fortune’s errand boy .	0
and so ,  beautiful lady ,  i’m standing here just like that ,  wondering whether all this can be true until you tell me it is .	0
look how he makes to caesar .	0
one; two; why ,  then it is time to do it .	0
i have a venturous fairy that shall seek the squirrel’s hoard and fetch thee new nuts .	0
there’s a nice reason why the constellation pleiades has only seven stars in it .	0
run to your houses ,  fall on your knees ,  and pray to the gods to spare you the pain that you deserve for such ingratitude .	0
angels are bright still ,  though the brightest fell .	0
you will be an accessory to both crimes .	0
i desire you of more acquaintance ,  good master mustardseed .	0
if your affection for me doesn’t convince you to come ,  don’t let my letter do so .  ”  oh ,  my darling ,  make your arrangements and go !	0
you have little cause to say so.	0
let heaven and men and devils ,  let them all ,  all ,  all cry shame against me ,  yet i’ll speak .	0
stop !	0
holy saint francis ,  what a change is here !	0
oh stephano ,  do you have any more of that wine ?	0
he reads much ,  he is a great observer ,  and he looks quite through the deeds of men .	0
othello ?	0
no ,  antony .	0
the doors are open; and the grooms ,  filled to excess ,  defy their duty with snores .	0
call him hither ,  good monsieur le beau .	0
news ,  lads !	0
goes the king hence today ?	0
thou pray'st not well.	0
too long a pause for that which you find there.	0
this is the night that either makes me or fordoes me quite .	0
it seemed she was a queen over her passion ,  who ,  most rebel - like ,  sought to be king o'er her .	0
then we won’t agree to his demands .	0
though cassio did some little wrong to him ,  as men in rage strike those that wish them best ,  yet surely cassio ,  i believe ,  received from him that fled some strange indignity which patience could not pass .	0
you rascal!	0
away!	0
your grace attended to their sugared words but looked not on the poison of their hearts .	0
we will get ourselves ready .	0
indeed, without an oath, i'll make an end on't!	0
what do you think about the scottish lord, his neighbor?	0
i should have been a sore one then.	0
but wherefore did you so much tempt the heavens ?	0
we do ,  my lord .	0
a friend would never see those faults .	0
i think our country sinks beneath the yoke; it weeps, it bleeds, and each new day, another gash is added to her wounds.	0
holds it true ,  sir ,  that the duke of cornwall was so slain ?	0
do you know me, my lord?	0
no less ?	0
caesar speaks.	0
not a mouse stirring.	0
that’s no way to pray .	0
argh !	0
we'll keep no great ado— a friend or two; for hark you ,  tybalt being slain so late ,  it may be thought we held him carelessly ,  being our kinsman ,  if we revel much .	0
no ,  that’s the truth .	0
now i am alone .	0
i’ll hide here silently .	0
am i a coward?	0
i see their knavery: this is to make an ass of me; to fright me, if they could.	0
under captain gower ,  my liege .	0
one draught above heat makes him a fool ,  the second mads him ,  and a third drowns him .	0
our enemies have beat us to the pit .	0
o my lord !	0
you insult your face more than the tears did with that comment.	0
to invite my former boss ,  the jew ,  to dine tonight with my new master ,  the christian .	0
i’m greedy!	0
they have me tied to a stake .	0
gentlemen, for shame!	0
officers ,  take them away .	0
i am glad to see you well.	0
then leave him out.	0
hello ,  everyone !	0
o, help me here!	0
lucius ,  who's knocking ?	0
show us the way without further delay . —trinculo ,  since the king and all our comrades are drowned ,  we’re the heirs of this place . —here ,  carry my wine bottle . —trinculo ,  my buddy ,  we’ll get that bottle refilled soon enough .	0
let't alone, and do the murder first.	0
as for antony ,  i’m not interested in his requests .	0
learn from the wise ,  and comprehend: the courtier’s perfume is made from cat discharge—much more disgusting than tar .	0
one last thing ,  and this is up to you .	0
and then ,  sir ,  does he this—he does—what was i about to say ?	0
i'll swear upon that bottle to be thy true subject ,  for the liquor is not earthly .	0
did you ,  by indirect and forced methods ,  subdue and poison this young maid's affections ?	0
i order you to come with me .	0
here’s another more potent than the first .	0
lucillius and titinius ,  order the commanders to have the men camp for the night .	0
wait ,  here’s a penny to heal your head .	0
men, wives, and children stare, cry out, and run as it were doomsday.	0
this is the way i ever make my fool my purse; because i should abuse my own gained knowledge if i would waste time with such a fool only for my sport and profit.	0
here comes lorenzo;—more of this hereafter .	0
i charge you, go with me.	0
lead him to my bower .	0
tis just, and it is very much lamented, brutus, that you have no such mirrors as will turn your hidden worthiness into your eye that you might see your shadow.	0
i know the man .	0
i think we’ll have to leave out all the killing ,  come to think of it .	0
if i’m lying ,  then	0
i beg you ,  be firm with him .	0
what should such a fool do with so good a wife ?	0
there is no vice so simple that it takes on some mark of virtue on outside .	0
thou canst compel no more than she entreat; thy threats have no more strength than her weak prayers helen, i love thee, by my life, i do; i swear by that which i will lose for thee to prove him false that says i love thee not.	0
wait !	0
within the infant rind of this small flower poison hath residence and medicine power .	0
o ,  banish me ,  my lord ,  but don’t kill me !	0
thank you .	0
what a pretty thing man is when he goes in his doublet and hose and leaves off his wit !	0
i had rather be a toad, and live upon the vapor of a dungeon, than keep a corner in the thing i love for others' uses.	0
rapier and dagger .	0
a pound of man's flesh ,  taken from a man ,  is not so valuable ,  or profitable either ,  as flesh of mutton ,  beef ,  or goat .	0
what a fearful night is this !	0
o the pernicious wretch!	0
my husband !	0
the bridegroom is already here .	0
shame ,  eternal shame ,  and nothing but shame !	0
how is't with you ?	0
i beg your pardon ,  except for the widow dido .	0
nor none ,  in my mind ,  now you give her o'er .	0
oh, teach me your look, and with what magic you have stolen demetrius' heart!	0
my lord ?	0
look in the almanac .	0
i will, my lord.	0
since you’re letting me leave ,  i’ll hurry .	0
get him ,  he’s a thief !	0
i don’t know .	0
yet that is but a crushed necessity ,  since we have locks to safeguard necessaries and pretty traps to catch the petty thieves .	0
then say at once what thou dost know in this .	0
here ,  peter quince .	0
no matter whither ,  so you come not here .	0
a trumpet within.	0
what is the matter?	0
this will put them out of fear .	0
a pity that it should be so!	0
when he is drunk asleep; or in his rage; or in the incestuous pleasure of his bed; at game, a-swearing, or about some act that has no relish of salvation in't then trip him, that his heels may kick at heaven, and that his soul may be as damn'd and black as hell, whereto it goes.	0
let him do his spite .	0
not a mouse stirring .	0
under this conjuration ,  speak ,  my lord ,  for we will hear ,  note ,  and believe in heart that what you speak is in your conscience washed as pure as sin with baptism .	0
be of good cheer .	0
no more than i am well released from.	0
if it pass against us ,  we lose the better half of our possession ,  for all the temporal lands which men devout by testament have given to the church would they strip from us ,  being valued thus:  “ as much as would maintain ,  to the king’s honor ,  full fifteen earls and fifteen hundred knights ,  six thousand and two hundred good esquires; and ,  to relief of lazars and weak age of indigent faint souls past corporal toil ,  a hundred almshouses right well supplied; and to the coffers of the king besides ,  a thousand pounds by th' year .  ”  thus runs the bill .	0
what mercy can you render him ,  antonio ?	0
had i but the means to hold a rival place with one of them, i have a mind presages me such thrift, that i should questionless be fortunate.	0
is ’t not strange ?	0
i’d give it all up—yes ,  i’d sacrifice them all to this devil here—to save you .	0
aren’t you a prostitute ?	0
look how lush and healthy the grass is !	0
all that i will tell you is, that the duke has dined.	0
fortune pursue thee !	0
abhorrèd slave ,  which any print of goodness wilt not take ,  being capable of all ill !	0
i am content.	0
i never saw a better - designed gown ,  more elegant and pleasing and well made .	0
your friends .	0
to sebastian] true ,  save means to live .	0
it’s a long story—and tough to listen to .	0
you are look'd for and call'd for, ask'd for and sought for, in the great chamber.	0
what cares these roarers for the name of the king?	0
of so high and full intelligence and imagination !	0
didn’t you go to her for a purse full of ducats ?	0
monster, you fairy, which you say is a harmless fairy, has done little better than played the jack with us.	0
i’m tired and feeling heavy ,  but i can’t sleep .	0
some heavenly power guide us out of this fearful country !	0
well ,  i know not what counts harsh fortune casts upon my face ,  but in my bosom shall she never come to make my heart her vassal .	0
just tell me what to do ,  and i’ll do it .	0
you shortly shall hear more.	0
i think their traveling to perform a play is a new innovation.	0
i dare pawn down my life for him that he hath wrote this to feel my affection to your honor and to no other pretense of danger .	0
hmmph !	0
what, do you make us musicians?	0
so please listen to me .	0
good lord ,  what a clown you are !	0
what’s that noise ?	0
well ,  we will leave you then till dinner - time .	0
proceed with your tears .	0
stand aside.	0
all women would be angry with you for doing it ,  even though i’m the only one who’s hurt by it .	0
the chariest maid is prodigal enough if she unmask her beauty to the moon.	0
he did comply with his mother’s breast before he sucked it .	0
they met me in the day of success, and i have learned by the perfectest report, they have more in them than mortal knowledge.	0
the tiring journey seems to have made you gloomy .	0
every one .	0
take but good note ,  and you shall see in him the triple pillar of the world transformed into a strumpet’s fool .	0
so i, wall, have discharged my part; and, being done, wall goes away like this.	0
her bridegroom is here .	0
now all the plagues that in the pendulous air hang fated o'er men’s faults light on thy daughters !	0
will he bring his power ?	0
i am still so faithful ,  my lord .	0
a touch ,  a touch ,  i do confess ’t .	0
we two ,  my lord ,  will guard your person while you take your rest ,  and watch your safety .	0
i therefore testify again, that he worked on her with some mixtures powerful over the blood, or with some dram that produced this effect.	0
how long will a man lie in his grave before he starts to rot ?	0
nor the soles of her shoe ?	0
yes ,  they are .	0
we will try it .	0
ay ,  but ,  lady ,  that policy may either last so long ,  or feed upon such nice and waterish diet ,  or breed itself so out of circumstances ,  that ,  i being absent and my place supplied ,  my general will forget my love and service .	0
from helmet to the spur ,  all blood he was .	0
well be with you ,  gentlemen .	0
let each man render me his bloody hand .	0
statilius showed the torchlight but ,  my lord ,  he came not back .	0
the ears that should give us hearing can’t hear, to tell him his order is obeyed, that rosencrantz and guildenstern are dead.	0
well, girl, thou weep'st not so much for his death as that the villain lives which slaughter'd him.	0
it’s nasty ,  unless they may be skillfully ordered ,  and i think it’s better not to be undertaken .	0
i am very uncomfortable, unfit for my own intentions.	0
hark further .	0
renowned duke ,  please join us in the abbey ,  where we will discuss at length all that has happened to us .	0
i am an ass ,  indeed: you can tell by my long ears .	0
let us toward the king .	0
i know not.	0
most kind messenger ,  tell great caesar that through his deputy i kiss his conquering hand .	0
i will ,  my lord .	0
thou dost belie her ,  and thou art a devil .	0
see these letters delivered; put the liveries to making; and desire gratiano to come anon to my lodging .	0
you take my house away when you take the money i need for upkeep .	0
it is now high dinner time, and the night is being wasted.	0
write to me very soon and i’ll let you know what she thinks .	0
what shall we hear of this?	0
i have used thee, filth as thou art, with human care, and lodged thee in mine own cell, till thou didst seek to violate the honour of my child.	0
being surrounded like this with evil plans ,  before i could start thinking about it ,  before they could execute the plan ,  i sat myself down ,  though up a new order ,  wrote it just like the original .	0
with those plays in mind ,  we hope you’ll receive this one kindly .	0
these are the forgeries of jealousy .	0
mr. antonio, many times and often in the marketplace you have abused me about my monies and my interest rates; i still have taken it with a patient shrug, because suffering is the badge of all our tribe; you call me misbeliever, cut-throat dog, and spat on my jewish clothes, and all because of using of that which is my own.	0
mass, i cannot tell.	0
yes ,  the duke of buckingham and i have just returned from visiting him .	0
and i had to be away !	0
look then to be well edified when the fool delivers the madman .	0
do you work in this house ?	0
what day is this?	0
i’m surprised my bland husband didn’t meet me on the way here .	0
i don’t like fair terms and a villain's mind.	0
i will hear cassius and compare their reasons when severally we hear them renderèd .	0
because we were unprepared for the king’s visit ,  we weren’t able to entertain him as well as we would have wanted to .	0
your drops of tribute belong to sorrow ,  which you ,  mistaken ,  have offered up to joy .	0
this shall end without the perdition of souls .	0
if you be he, sir, i desire some confidence with you.	0
he is or ta'en or slain .	0
it is a speck of dust to irritate the mind's eye.	0
i beg you, walk with me on the way a little; and say if i shall see you later tonight.	0
yes ,  that thou didst .	0
of thy misprision must perforce ensue some true love turn'd ,  and not a false turn'd true .	0
welcome ,  my good alexas .	0
what a worthy man !	0
how say you by that ?	0
how can we find out more ?	0
they are beaten ,  sir ,  and our advantage serves for a fair victory .	0
cassio ,  my lord ,  hath kill'd a young venetian call'd roderigo .	0
and he’s mine too, and to a such bloody degree, that every minute of his being puts a big knot in my stomach; and though i could sweep him from my sight with barefaced power, and bid my will guarantee it, i can’t do it, because certain friends that are both his and mine, whose loves i may not lose, would only protest his fall who i myself struck down.	0
utter my thoughts ?	0
well ,  you are a rare parrot - teacher .	0
he fears ,  my lord ,  you mean no good to him .	0
so goodbye until we meet again .	0
but as far as i can tell ,  people with too much suffer as much as people with nothing .	0
heaven's face doth glow; yea ,  this solidity and compound mass ,  with tristful visage ,  as against the doom ,  is thought - sick at the act .	0
come .	0
that’s all there is to it .	0
but were i not the better part made mercy ,  i should not seek an absent argument of my revenge ,  thou present .	0
let me see .	0
well ,  susan is with god .	0
come, i'll dispose of thee among a sisterhood of holy nuns.	0
what will you give me now for the same handkerchief ?	0
take a trumpet ,  herald .	0
get away from here and leave me .	0
sir, sir, sir— but thou must needs be sure my spirit and my place have in them power to make this bitter to thee.	0
why ,  i said nothing .	0
it is not so now.	0
how is it now, lorenzo!	0
he must’ve heard that phrase describing some great man and now he’s using it on a jester .	0
what’s the matter that they scream so loudly in the streets?	0
my dear othello!	0
and i’ll turn you into a spirit like us ,  so you won’t die as humans do . —come here ,  peaseblossom ,  cobweb ,  moth ,  and mustardseed !	0
king edward was going to marry lady lucy—your mother can vouch for that—and then he was betrothed to bona ,  the king of france’s sister - in - law .	0
i am hitherto your daughter .	0
beat me!	0
what i can do ,  i will; and i will do as much more than i dare do for myself .	0
what do you mean to dote thus on such luggage?	0
this may prove food to my displeasure .	0
you’d better think up a way to defend yourself .	0
she would have died later anyway .	0
no .	0
where art thou, proud demetrius?	0
wash your hands, put on your nightgown; look not so pale.	0
he laughs at the scars of love when he’s never felt love’s pain .	0
but i’ll not chide thee .	0
i’ll have them sleep on cushions in my tent .	0
no.	0
madam ,  although i’m saying it in front of you ,  you have a noble and a true understanding of godlike friendship ,  which appears most strongly in your behaving like this in the absence of your lord .	0
no .	0
if i know this, know all the world besides, that part of tyranny that i do bear i can shake off at pleasure.	0
why would you have me betray the truth of my emotions and make my love wander in some other direction ?	0
it was mine art ,  when i arrived and heard thee ,  that made gape the pine and let thee out .	0
nobody comes?	0
lights ,  lights ,  lights !	0
some go to decius' house, and some to casca's, some to ligarius'.	0
strike on the tinder ,  ho !	0
or if thou hast uphoarded in thy life extorted treasure in the womb of earth ,  for which ,  they say ,  you spirits oft walk in death ,  speak of it .	0
my father ,  led by a poor peasant ?	0
sinful macduff, they were all struck for you!	0
my old friend grumio and my good friend petruchio ?	0
at this same ancient feast of capulet’s sups the fair rosaline whom thou so loves with all the admired beauties of verona .	0
one cried ,   “ god bless us !  ”  and  “ amen ”  the other ,  as they had seen me with these hangman’s hands .	0
you have my best efforts to get everything done as you ask .	0
i am not in the giving mood today .	0
right over to that  i hope he enjoys her .	0
did he confess it ?	0
so i do .	0
be patient ,  for you shall remain with us .	0
i’m not sick if you’ve prepared some honorable exploit for me .	0
follow my mother .	0
you shall be king.	0
there’s other work for you to do .	0
i am not of your element .	0
no evil lost is wailed when it is gone .	0
and how like you this shepherd’s life ,  master touchstone ?	0
i pray thee ,  rosalind ,  sweet my coz ,  be merry .	0
silence !	0
well ,  i cannot tell how my difficult life has weathered my face ,  but i will never let those difficulties subdue my courage .	0
thank you kindly ,  sir .	0
what friend ?	0
indeed ,  before you arrived here ,  old siward ,  with ten thousand soldiers already prepared for battle ,  was making his way here .	0
up ,  up ,  and see the great doom’s image !	0
bad deeds will be revealed ,  no matter how people try to hide them .	0
here, here i will remain with the worms that are your maids.	0
you are three men of sin, whom destiny, that has the power over this lower world and what is in it,—has caused the never-satisfied sea to spit up you; and on this island where man doesn’t live, you among men being most unfit to live.	0
where’s antony ?	0
this is some monster of the island with four legs ,  who has got ,  as i take it ,  malaria .	0
quiet thy cudgel .	0
where is my mother ?	0
is that true ?	0
have his daughters made him crazy like this ? —couldn’t you have kept something for yourself ?	0
this is the very ecstasy of love, whose violent property fordoes itself and leads the will to desperate undertakings as oft as any passion under heaven that does afflict our natures.	0
faith ,  i have heard too much ,  for your words and per -  formances are no kin together .	0
you might have rhymed those lines .	0
now lies he there ,  and none so poor to do him reverence .	0
o heaven!	0
it is here ,  hamlet .	0
if thou and nature can so gently part ,  the stroke of death is as a lover’s pinch ,  which hurts ,  and is desired .	0
i am not sorry neither.	0
if i can cure him from his fever and tame him ,  and get him back to naples ,  he’d make a great present for any emperor .	0
what would you ask, laertes?	0
come ,  balthasar ,  we’ll hear that song again .	0
iago, who started it ?	0
if he hears you ,  you’ll make him angry .	0
or did the letters work upon his blood and new - create his fault ?	0
i see an angel that sees them.	0
can’t i say something ?	0
none wed the second but who killed the first.	0
leap and dance for him .	0
o vassal !	0
exactly .	0
then she has sworn to remain a virgin?	0
say boldly .	0
we should have else desired your good advice ,  which still hath been both grave and prosperous in this day's council; but we'll take tomorrow .	0
may be she doth but counterfeit .	0
a pound of man's flesh ,  taken from a man ,  is not so estimable ,  profitable neither ,  as flesh of muttons ,  beefs ,  or goats .	0
we have no friend but resolution ,  and the briefest end .	0
now good digestion wait on appetite ,  and health on both !	0
now ,  don’t forget ,  you promised me something .	0
so ,  i won’t .	0
do you not remember, lady, in your father's time, a venetian, a scholar and a soldier that came hither in company of the marquis of montferrat?	0
i know that voice .	0
until then ,  my noble friend ,  think about this: i’d rather be a poor villager than call myself a citizen of rome under the hard conditions that this time is likely to put us through .	0
but you were with him ,  weren’t you ?	0
stay ,  take my hand .	0
if you can get his wife ,  you do yourself a pleasure ,  me a sport .	0
sings drunkenly] farewell, master, farewell, farewell!	0
won’t the ladies be scared of the lion ?	0
amen, amen!	0
you have amazed me .	0
romeo ,  will you come to your father’s ?	0
hear me with patience.	0
i am an ass ,  indeed; you may prove it by my long ears . —i have served him from the hour of my nativity to this instant ,  and have nothing at his hands for my service but blows .	0
why ,  how is it now !	0
i have told him ,  lepidus was grown too cruel ,  that he his high authority abused and did deserve his change .	0
go ahead ,  then .	0
betrayed i am .	0
i eat the air ,  like chameleons do .	0
bring desdemona here .	0
your friends are up and buckling on their armor .	0
i'll go to the friar to know his solution.	0
this is some monster of the isle with four legs who hath got ,  as i take it ,  an ague .	0
let me go .	0
roderigo.	0
be not offended .	0
now the fleeting moon no planet is of mine .	0
i say a devil .	0
my daughter told me everything .	0
the turks are heading for cyprus with a powerful fleet .	0
since the vile lion vile has here taken my dear; which is—no, no—which was the fairest dame that lived, that loved, that liked, that looked with cheer.	0
here cease more questions .	0
ha, ha, ha!	0
what treasure ,  uncle ?	0
i’ll debate this with you later ,  and then i’ll teach you to listen more carefully .	0
how are things now ?	0
i pray thee ,  hear me speak .	0
why dost thou stay?	0
give me a hand and help me off with this magic cloak .	0
ay ,  but (by your leave) not before me .	0
not a jot, not a jot.	0
what a night’s this !	0
i’ve come to say farewell to my king and master .	0
who is he that is going out the door now ?	0
orsino .	0
here is his majesty .	0
good volumnius ,  you know that we went to school together .	0
do you not remember ,  lady ,  in your father's time ,  a venetian ,  a scholar and a soldier that came hither in company of the marquis of montferrat ?	0
yes ,  beyond all cures .	0
your state is the more gracious, for it is a vice to know him.	0
i have to eat my dinner now .	0
long live gonzalo !	0
also add a tiger's guts, for the ingredients of our caldron.	0
touching this vision here, it is an honest ghost, that let me tell you.	0
ay ,  and that thou and the proudest of you all shall find when he comes home .	0
the very best at a beast ,  my lord ,  that e'er i saw .	0
when these are gone ,  the woman will be out .	0
art thou good at these kickshawses ,  knight ?	0
tell me ,  if your art can tell so much: shall banquo’s issue ever reign in this kingdom ?	0
the wager ?	0
o cousin ,  cousin !	0
thy conceit is nearer death than thy powers .	0
what if her eyes were there ,  they in her head ?	0
that thou shalt see the difference of our spirit ,  i pardon thee thy life before thou ask it .	0
oh ,  be quiet .	0
time, you anticipate my dread deeds.	0
believe what ?	0
you look too much like the ghost of banquo .	0
let’s think about what has happened; and ,  later ,  when we’ve had a chance to think ,  let’s about these things openly each to other .	0
you are too indulgent .	0
i must to the barber's, monsieur; for methinks i am marvellous hairy about the face; and i am such a tender ass, if my hair do but tickle me i must scratch.	0
i will debate this matter at more leisure and teach your ears to list me with more heed .	0
that fortunes, degrees, and offices were not earned by corruption, and that clear honors were purchased by the merit of the wearer!	0
for heaven's sake ,  help me !	0
take them in.	0
i swear it’s a habitual lust, a list and hidden opening to the history of lust and evil thoughts.	0
demetrius loves her ,  and he loves not you .	0
please do .	0
juliet wills it so.	0
this is some gift from a newer girlfriend .	0
what is it ,  my dear bianca ?	0
why ,  sir ,  his hide is so tanned with his trade that he will keep out water a great while ,  and your water is a sore decayer of your wretched dead body .	0
therefore heaven nature charged that one body should be filled with all graces wide - enlarged .	0
nurse— ah sir!	0
a substitute shines as brightly as a king until a king is back ,  and then the substitute’s condition drains away ,  as an inland brook does into the river of waters .	0
i will, my lord.	0
you lie .	0
didn’t i once have four, or five, women once, that took care of me?	0
some villains in my court must have known about this and let it happen .	0
that's not the tune.	0
tell me at whose suit .	0
i humbly do beseech you of your pardon for too much loving you .	0
i’ll after him ,  and see the event of this .	0
for your part ,  to you our swords have leaden points ,  mark antony; our arms in strength of malice ,  and our hearts of brothers' temper ,  do receive you in with all kind love ,  good thoughts ,  and reverence .	0
he tells me, my dear gertrude, he hath found the head and source of all your son's distemper.	0
arise ,  i say !	0
o stephano ,  two neapolitans ’scaped !	0
god's my life ,  stolen hence ,  and left me asleep !	0
mean you his majesty ?	0
what form?	0
well ,  should we hear some music ?	0
i will fall prostrate at his feet and never rise until my tears and prayers have won his grace to come in person hither and take perforce my husband from the abbess .	0
and when will that be ?	0
he .	0
hail, mortal!	0
come on ,  sir .	0
yes, and mild, as he has said most knowledgeably.	0
i am not cinna the conspirator .	0
it’s often the case that having something makes us spoiled ,  while not having it turns out to be advantageous .	0
oh ,  that she knew she were !	0
goodbye .	0
be as your fancies teach you; whate'er you be ,  i am obedient .	0
the earth, that is, nature's mother, is nature’s tomb.	0
you’re going to make me jealous ,  launcelot ,  if you keep taking my wife into dark corners like this !	0
come with us ,  lepidus .	0
all this ”  ?	0
doubtful it stood ,  as two spent swimmers that do cling together and choke their art .	0
alexas !	0
to alonso] i would with such perfection govern, sir, [to alonso] i would with such perfection govern, sir, t'excel the golden age.	0
as if time were in debt .	0
and i must to lorenzo and the rest; but we will visit you at supper-time.	0
i won’t .	0
but why ,  villain ,  did you kill my cousin ?	0
bestow this place on us a little while.	0
what people who pay him tribute follow him to rome, to decorate his chariot’s wheels with their chains and bonds?	0
be content, gentle cousin, leave him alone.	0
how often ,  when men are at the point of death have they been happy ?  !	0
but since it is as it is ,  mend it for your own good .	0
i'll go get him now.	0
besides ,  it were a mock apt to be render'd ,  for some one to say  “ break up the senate till another time ,  when caesar's wife shall meet with better dreams .  ”  if caesar hide himself ,  shall they not whisper  “ lo ,  caesar is afraid ”  ?	0
you’ll hear more from me by midnight .	0
you are welcome here ,  sister .	0
who has a breast so pure ,  but some uncleanly apprehensions keep leets and lawdays ,  and in session sit with meditations lawful ?	0
heaven bless us!	0
so young and so untender ?	0
i charge you, go with me.	0
i agreed and often i cheated her of her tears ,  when i spoke of some distressful event i had suffered in my youth .	0
goodnight ,  michael .	0
that’s more to me than my wetting .	0
swagger ?	0
who was with them last ?	0
i’ll be gentle and mild .	0
this is the latest parle we will admit .	0
i told you ,  sir ,  they were red - hot with drinking ,  so full of valor that they smote the air for breathing in their faces ,  beat the ground for kissing of their feet—yet always bending towards their project .	0
finding ourselves too slow of sail, we put on a compelled valour, and in the grapple i boarded them.	0
shall she come in?	0
therefore ,  my lord , — damn it ,  what a waste he makes of his words !	0
i have a torchbearer .	0
three thousand ducats ,  well .	0
and duncan's horses—a thing most strange and certain— beauteous and swift, the minions of their race, turn'd wild in nature, broke their stalls, flung out, contending ’gainst obedience, as they would make war with mankind.	0
agrippa ,  go start the battle .	0
i’ve noticed that they always like to settle and mate where the air is the nicest .	0
get out ,  you green ,  diseased dead meat !	0
so hangs ,  and lolls ,  and weeps on me; so hales and pulls me .	0
sirrah ,  go see what trumpet ’tis that sounds .	0
your mother is coming to your bedroom .	0
sir, his definement suffers no perdition in you; though, i know, to divide him inventorially would dizzy the arithmetic of memory, and yet but yaw neither, in respect of his quick sail.	0
why should she be murdered?	0
the queen, your mother, in most great affliction of spirit, has sent me to you.	0
by my sword ,  beatrice ,  you love me .	0
before i started seeing lysander ,  athens seemed like a paradise to me .	0
take our good meaning ,  for our judgment sits five times in that ere once in our five wits .	0
but my revenge will come .	0
o prince!	0
please, let's have no more fooling about it, but give me your blessing; i am launcelot, your boy that was, your son that is, your child that shall be.	0
that he hath usèd thee .	0
then crush this herb into lysander's eye; whose liquor hath this virtuous property, to take from thence all error with his might and make his eyeballs roll with wonted sight.	0
tis sweating labor to bear such idleness so near the heart as cleopatra this .	0
sweets to the sweet !	0
what did you enact?	0
your lips are warm !	0
tell him his pranks have been too broad to bear with ,  and that your grace hath screen'd and stood between much heat and him .	0
how she returns like the spendthrift, with weather-beaten sides and ragged sails, thin, torn, and destitute by the prostitute wind!	0
in each thing give him way .	0
wait ,  sweet beatrice .	0
what!	0
or like a whale .	0
god be with you ,  sir .	0
has banquo gone from court?	0
and now that i have the boy ,  i will undo this hateful spell that i have put on her eyes .	0
you knew—none so well ,  none so well as you—of my daughter’s flight .	0
pharmacist!	0
by my head ,  here come the capulets .	0
let our officers have notice what we purpose .	0
but will you woo this wildcat ?	0
we’ll see you tomorrow .	0
yes, better, sir.	0
where’s he going ?	0
so let’s see it .	0
gives him three thousand crowns in annual fee and his commission to employ those soldiers ,  so levied as before ,  against the polack ,  with an entreaty ,  herein further shown ,  that it might please you to give quiet pass through your dominions for this enterprise ,  on such regards of safety and allowance as therein are set down .	0
go get it ,  let me see it .	0
lucilius and titinius, bid the commanders prepare to lodge their companies tonight.	0
the prince’s fool ”  !	0
is't like that lead contains her?	0
it signs well ,  does it not ?	0
shall i attend your grace ?	0
beating trinculo] as you like [beating trinculo] as you like this ,  give me the lie another time .	0
the moon sleeps with endymion ,  and would not be awak'd .	0
if it will please caesar to be so good to caesar as to hear me ,  i shall beseech him to befriend himself .	0
i honor him for being brave .	0
i chose her when i could not ask my father for his advice ,  nor thought i had one .	0
ay ,  and the time seems thirty unto me ,  being all this time abandoned from your bed .	0
but here my father comes .	0
the deep of night is crept upon our talk, and nature must obey necessity, which we will niggard with a little rest.	0
so is lysander.	0
but let me conjure you by the rights of our fellowship ,  by the consonancy of our youth ,  by the obligation of our ever - preserved love ,  and by what more dear a better proposer could charge you withal ,  be even and direct with me ,  whether you were sent for or no .	0
the gown is made just as my master had direction .	0
i’ll bear thy blame and take thy office from thee ,  on my peril .	0
o’er my spirit thy full supremacy thou knew’st ,  and that thy beck might from the bidding of the gods command me .	0
the mousetrap .	0
and what did he say ?	0
what, did caesar faint?	0
i knew from the first it would be this way .	0
now that you speak of paper ,  i remember a funny story of hero’s .	0
i never saw a woman except her and sycorax ,  my mother .	0
where are you going ?	0
what!	0
lo, yonder, and titinius mourning it.	0
you have been hotly call'd for; when ,  being not at your lodging to be found ,  the senate hath sent about three quests to search you out .	0
they were nearly killing each other ,  as you saw when you pulled them apart .	0
come, high or low; thyself and office deftly show!	0
well ,  sir ?	0
go, hercules!	0
what if your husband strays elsewhere ?	0
therefore i pray you that to our sister you do make return .	0
how is it with you, my most fair bianca?	0
he’s crying out for you and swears he’ll burn your face and disfigure you if he can get ahold of you .	0
he poured a pint of rhine wine on my head once.	0
meanwhile ,  i’d be gratified if you’d live and eat your food .	0
mistrust of good success hath done this deed.	0
o, widow dido!	0
still i insisted; still you didn’t answer ,  but ,  with an angry wave of your hand ,  you gave me a sign to leave you .	0
how is it ,  general ?	0
let’s go ,  my good men !	0
he’s not very tall ,  but he’s tall enough for his age .	0
it’s already almost night .	0
do you understand the word ?	0
lie with her—that’s fulsome .	0
yes ,  you poor ghost ,  as long as i have any power of memory in this distracted head .	0
bear him my head .	0
yet do not fear; scotland hath foisons to fill up your will of your mere own.	0
we’ll have one heart ,  one bed ,  two bodies ,  and one faithful vow .	0
good ,  i will expect you .	0
i had a pass with him ,  rapier ,  scabbard ,  and all ,  and he gives me the stuck - in with such a mortal motion ,  that it is inevitable .	0
help me !	0
is yours .  ”  and ,  though i say so in his presence ,  if he’s not a friend of the best kings ,  you’ll find him king of the best friends .	0
i won’t pretend to be the devil’s porter anymore .	0
i see, sir, you are liberal in offers: you taught me first to beg; and now, methinks, you teach me how a beggar should be answer'd.	0
i go, and it’s done; the bell invites me.	0
i pray you ,  sir ,  what is he ?	0
friar !	0
take your seat .	0
she dying gave it me, and bid me, when my fate would have me wive, to give it her.	0
with her, on her, what you will.	0
no ,  monster ,  not me .	0
i should have chid you for not bringing it ,  but ,  like a shrew ,  you first begin to brawl .	0
thou bring’st me out of tune .	0
why, what is that to you?	0
now old desire lies in his deathbed, and young affection is longing to be his heir; that beauty for which love groaned and would die, with tender juliet matched now isn’t beautiful.	0
lose hope of your charm; and let the genius whom you still have served tell you ,  macduff was from his mother's womb delivered by caesarean section .	0
come, let us to the castle.	0
what hast thou to do ? — father ,  be quiet .	0
so we are in agreement .	0
what has he said?	0
how is it now ,  lorenzo !	0
it is even so .	0
you are a tame man; go!	0
to offend ,  and judge ,  are distinct offices ,  and of opposed natures .	0
forever and forever farewell ,  brutus .	0
i think there is a lot of reason in what he’s saying .	0
you would be committing a wicked sin by chiding other people for sinning ,  because you yourself have been a terrible sinner ,  as carnal in your appetites as lust itself ,  and all the swollen pustules of sin that you acquired in your freedom you now want to burst and shoot back into the world at large .	0
the ambassadors from norway ,  my good lord ,  are joyfully returned .	0
why ,  i pray you ?	0
macbeth!	0
i have had a most rare vision.	0
wait a minute .	0
give me a taper !	0
you’re not in love either ?	0
i see that you don’t know me .	0
i'll do't .	0
say ,  what ?	0
oh ,  i’ll beat him up for that !	0
alas ,  he is betrayed and i undone .	0
we’ll speak to them ,  and tonight i’ll force the wine peep through their scars . —come on ,  my queen ,  there’s sap in ’t yet .	0
go ,  presently inquire ,  and so will i ,  where money is; and i no question make ,  to have it of my trust ,  or for my sake .	0
give me some help.	0
pronounce .	0
it would make a man mad as a buck to be so bought and sold .	0
speak up and tell me !	0
my lord, i did intend it.	0
speak this no more .	0
alas ,  what does this gentleman conceive ?	0
no ,  i’ll recite it for you right now:  “ de hand ,  de fangres ,  de nails— ”   “ de nails ,  ”  madame .	0
it was tossed into the window of my room .	0
wherefore throng you hither ?	0
don’t ask why .	0
o thou invisible spirit of wine ,  if thou hast no name to be known by ,  let us call thee devil !	0
we have used our throats in egypt .	0
how now ,  daughter ?	0
the prince will doom thee death if thou art taken .	0
where ,  sir ?	0
if you respect my will ,  then show a fair presence and put off these frowns ,  they are not the proper expressions for a feast .	0
oh !	0
cassius, what night is this!	0
thou losest labor .	0
she has sworn not to love; and, in that vow, i am really dead as i stand here alive to tell you about it now.	0
mean you his majesty?	0
first go with me to church and marry me, and then go away to venice to your friend; because you shall never lie by portia's side with an uneasy soul.	0
please ,  my king ,  be quiet .	0
shall kate be my wife ?	0
then, window, let day in, and let life out.	0
if you get nasty with me ,  pistol ,  i’ll stab you with my sword ,  in fair play .	0
well, happiness to their sheets!	0
despise me if i do not .	0
i thank you .	0
dead ?	0
no farther than the tower ,  and ,  as i guess ,  upon the like devotion as yourselves ,  to gratulate the gentle princes there .	0
if there is anyone in this assembly, any dear friend of caesar's, to him i say that brutus' love to caesar was no less than his love.	0
o, did he so?	0
i pitied thee ,  took pains to make thee speak ,  taught thee each hour one thing or other .	0
with all my heart ,  sir .	0
no ,  i didn’t ,  but i did every night for the past year .	0
o gentle lady, don’t ask me, because i am nothing if not critical.	0
some other time .	0
by heaven ,  i do not ,  i do not ,  gentlemen . —   o murderous coxcomb !	0
catesby ,  fly to the duke .	0
how now!	0
here .	0
what about the boy malcolm?	0
if they find that we killed your father or had him killed, we will surrender our kingdom, our crown, our life, and all that we call ours, to you in satisfaction, but if not, you must be patient with us, and we shall work together with your soul to give it just compensation.	0
since they plotted with the dark god of the underworld to kidnap my daughter ,  i have sworn not to be in her and her blind boy's scandalous company .	0
what dost you mean by this ?	0
discipline must be kept .	0
with half the world opposing the other half ,  it wasn’t the time for antony ,  the pivotal player ,  to let love distract him .	0
do you love me?	0
then tomorrow we’ll find that they feel only like eating ,  not like fighting .	0
it was obviously a hit .	0
he did touch on women a bit ,  but his body was aching with fever and he talked about the whore of babylon .	0
my husband then ?	0
why did you bring these daggers from the room ?	0
if i have the habit of shaking, then proclaim that i am the doll of a girl.	0
shylock ,  there's thrice thy money offer'd thee .	0
wasn’t he friends with all those brawling knights who serve my father ?	0
the will of man is persuaded by his reason ,  and reason says you are the worthier maid .	0
it was, as i have seen it in his life, a silvery sable.	0
and, as you said, and wisely it was said, it is proper that some beside his mother, since nature makes them subjective, should overhear the speech objectively.	0
nor tears nor prayers shall purchase out abuses ,  therefore use none .	0
does leonato have a son ,  my lord ?	0
then you are a better than the king .	0
he is drunk now .	0
i will be strange ,  stout ,  in yellow stockings ,  and cross - gartered ,  even with the swiftness of putting on .	0
she was ,  good curtis ,  before this frost .	0
look, here comes helena.	0
how otherwise ? — will you be ruled by me ?	0
i think our father will hence tonight .	0
just remember that he is caesar .	0
but we can talk more about that tomorrow ,  when we’ll discuss matters of state that concern us both .	0
it’s your turn now .	0
nay, but swear't.	0
will you be patient?	0
the day is yours .	0
conclude ,  conclude ,  he is in love .	0
come now ,  your promise .	0
you have me ,  have you not ?	0
hark ,  hark !	0
what if this mixture do not work at all ?	0
what mean these masterless and gory swords to lie discolour'd by this place of peace?	0
you talk !	0
let me have a small vial of poison, such quickly acting medicine that it will disperse itself throughout all the veins in order that the life-weary taker may fall dead, and that the body may suffocate as violently as speedy gunpowder hurries a bullet from a gun barrel.	0
o traitors ,  villains !	0
and so am i revenged . —that would be scanned .	0
come, come, good wine is a good familiar creature, if it is well used.	0
i will tell you everything ,  just as it happened .	0
what good luck !	0
for who is living ,  if those two are gone ?	0
o lamentable day !	0
she mocks all her wooers out of suit .	0
we will meet; and there we may rehearse most obscenely and courageously .	0
come here ,  nurse .	0
dance away: don’t delay: all of you meet me by dawn.	0
sir ,  the laws of ephesus will be on my side ,  and you’ll be embarrassed .	0
thou dost here usurp the name thou ow'st not; and hast put thyself upon this island as a spy, to win it from me, the lord on't.	0
your flashes of merriment, that were wont to set the table on a roar?	0
judge me, you gods!	0
now you say it was  “ knock at the gate ”  ?	0
that is ,  if we ever want to return to being rivals for bianca’s love .	0
ambition should be made of sterner stuff .	0
and i another .	0
time and happiness can run through the roughest day.	0
what gentleman ?	0
good night .	0
the less they deserve ,  the more merit is in your bounty .	0
do you amend it then .	0
my men should call me  “ lord .  ”  i am your goodman .	0
now from head to foot i am marble - constant .	0
i will receive it ,  sir ,  with all diligence of spirit .	0
there is no written in this news that makes them believable.	0
i have no doubt he got ashore alive .	0
you seem like a good judge .	0
will not the ladies be afeard of the lion ?	0
i’ll tell thee ,  aliena ,  i cannot be out of the sight of orlando .	0
amen to that .	0
it doesn’t seem right or suitable to my position to be a witness (which i will be if i stay), against the moor.	0
madam ,  i had rather seal my lips than to my peril speak that which is not .	0
okay ,  to the point .	0
it is a monstrous birth of love to me, that i must love a loathéd enemy.	0
let me stand here until you remember.	0
my life for yours !	0
you’re not as close to death as you think you are .	0
but, to my thinking, he was very loath to lay his fingers off it.	0
tortured ,	0
a piece of ice .	0
a man, young lady!	0
approach, my ariel, come!	0
i was sent for a rope !	0
a most courteous exposition.	0
yield, or thou diest.	0
good peter ,  to hide her face; for her fan's the fairer face of the two .	0
please stop turning me around .	0
to't again ,  come !	0
hear me with patience .	0
he bears the third part of the world ,  man .	0
good morrow ,  prince; good morrow ,  claudio .	0
all this done upon the gad ? —edmund ,  how now ?	0
my gracious sovereign .	0
ah ,  rosencrantz !	0
he’s a knight .	0
my dear friends ,  thanks for your patience .	0
and you are hidden ,  sweetheart ,  even in the lovely garments of a boy .	0
thanks for that .	0
is he not a most profane and liberal counselor ?	0
who bare my letter, then, to romeo?	0
o thou dull moor!	0
when i like the way you look ,  for god forbid your face be as ugly as your mask !	0
the thane of cawdor lives ,  a prosperous gentleman; and to be king stands not within the prospect of belief ,  no more than to be cawdor .	0
the moor!	0
i would exult ,  man .	0
would thou and those thy scars had once prevailed to make me fight at land !	0
not young enough to fall in love with a woman because she sings well ,  but not old enough to dote on a woman for any reason .	0
more will i do— though all that i can do is nothing worth ,  since that my penitence comes after all ,  imploring pardon .	0
me marry her !	0
goodbye ,  nymph .	0
then tomorrow at dinner ?	0
whither away ?	0
stay and tell me more .	0
so help me every spirit sanctified as i have spoken for you all my best and stood within the blank of his displeasure for my free speech .	0
bring out the suspects.	0
where's this girl ?	0
advancement to some scaffold ,  to lose their heads .	0
we will go to the best marriage-bed, which shall be blessed by us; and the children created there shall forever be lucky and prosperous.	0
i pray thee ,  hear me speak .	0
why ,  gentle sweet ,  you shall see no such thing .	0
wilt thou suffer them to make a rescue ?	0
farewell !	0
ay ,  my good lord .	0
past the mid season .	0
what you have spoke ,  it may be so perchance .	0
but wait a minute ,  please .	0
and i’ll sleep .	0
i love him even when he’s harsh and mean—help me unpin this ,  would you ? —i love even his stubbornness ,  his frowns ,  his bad moods .	0
what did he say when he regained consciousness ?	0
his arrow has pierced me too deeply ,  so i can’t fly high with his cheerful feathers .	0
but ,  mistress ,  know yourself .	0
why ,  he told me so himself ,  and he said he didn’t care who knew it .	0
oh ,  the people in the street cry  “ romeo ,  ”  some  “ juliet ,  ”  and some  “ paris ,  ”  and all run with open outcry toward our monument .	0
where’s potpan ?	0
no ,  i found it and gave it to my husband .	0
which speech ,  my lord ?	0
what, have you dined at home?	0
she confesses it .	0
yes ,  sir ,  we’re part of her entourage .	0
age cannot wither her ,  nor custom stale her infinite variety .	0
i’ll go look for him—cassio ,  stay around here .	0
where is my gracious lord of canterbury ?	0
swear priests and cowards and men cautelous ,  old feeble carrions and such suffering souls that welcome wrongs; unto bad causes swear such creatures as men doubt; but do not stain the even virtue of our enterprise ,  nor the insuppressive mettle of our spirits ,  to think that or our cause or our performance did need an oath; when every drop of blood that every roman bears ,  and nobly bears ,  is guilty of a several bastardy if he do break the smallest particle of any promise that hath pass'd from him .	0
i’d be peering over maps to figure out the best ports ,  piers ,  and waterways .	0
tis like a demi - cannon .	0
observe him ,  for the love of mockery ,  for i know this letter will make a contemplative idiot of him .	0
here the street is narrow ,  the throng that follows caesar at the heels ,  of senators ,  of praetors ,  common suitors ,  will crowd a feeble man almost to death .	0
there is no composition in these news that gives them credit.	0
in his tongue .	0
you mean you don’t even want to hear my side ?	0
he tells me flatly there is no mercy for me in heaven because i am a jew’s daughter ,  and he says you are no good member of the commonwealth ,  for in converting jews to christians you raise the price of pork .	0
yes, yes.	0
no marrying among his subjects?	0
so ,  tell us ,  did you see that thing again tonight ?	0
i wish your undertaking today may thrive.	0
be patient ,  for the world is broad and wide .	0
fury ,  fury !	0
this by calphurnia’s dream is signified .	0
you only have say to me what i should do that you think i can do ,  and i am committed to it; so ,  ask me .	0
truly, sir, in respect of a fine workman, i am but, as you would say, a cobbler.	0
while he was still in rome ,  he deployed his forces in so many different disguises that all our spies were fooled .	0
yes.	0
my soul ,  and not my child !	0
would it be better ,  madam ,  than i am ?	0
ok, again.	0
i just know i’m not one .	0
thou know’st my daughter’s of a pretty age .	0
thither must i ,  and here i leave you ,  sir .	0
as you please .	0
he comes to kill my heart .	0
so decide what loss your honor may receive if you listen to his songs with a too believing ear ,  or lose your heart ,  or lose your virginity to his wild sense of bad timing .	0
go we to him .	0
indeed!	0
i’ve felt neglected recently ,  but i decided that it was more likely that i was being hypersensitive than that they were intentionally unkind .	0
o, damn on them!	0
how now ?	0
killing pigs.	0
am i come near ye now ? — welcome ,  gentlemen !	0
listen, may i have a word with you?	0
that, my best friend, might still inflame you with passion for the crown, in addition to the title of the baron of cawdor.	0
now he denies it faintly and laughs it out.	0
after you harvest ,  you have to sheaf and bind so throw ripe rosalind on the harvest cart .	0
you are now within a foot of th' extreme verge .	0
didn’t you know ?	0
how do you and your master get along ?	0
yes ,  my lord .	0
why ,  antony .	0
behind the arras i’ll convey myself to hear the process .	0
now ,  by my maidenhead at twelve year old ,  i bade her come .	0
my door is locked .	0
good day and happiness to you ,  darling rosalind .	0
i know i may be old ,  but i’m strong and healthy ,  because in my youth i never drank nor lived recklessly .	0
let me ask you a particular question .	0
you told a lie; an stinking ,  damned lie; on my soul ,  a lie; a wicked lie .	0
honest nurse ,  farewell .	0
if we lose this battle ,  this is the last time we’ll speak to each other .	0
you may do so; but let it be quickly so that supper is ready by five of the clock at the latest .	0
wait a minute ,  gentlemen .	0
i have to tell you ,  i thought you were a much kinder person than this .	0
oh ,  that i served that lady and might not be delivered to the world ,  till i had made mine own occasion mellow ,  what my estate is .	0
if you’re as good at pleading to them as i am at saying no to you ,  this will definitely come to a happy end .	0
and i do think, or else this brain of mine hunts not the trail of policy so sure as it hath used to do, that i have found the very cause of hamlet's lunacy.	0
now art thou my lieutenant .	0
ah, the immortal forward thrust!	0
amen ,  if you love her ,  for the lady is very well worthy .	0
this is the very ecstasy of love ,  whose violent property fordoes itself and leads the will to desperate undertakings as oft as any passion under heaven that does afflict our natures .	0
well ,  sir ,  the gown is not for me .	0
for him ,  i think not on him .	0
my lord ,  that would dishonor him !	0
nathaniel’s coat was being fixed ,  sir .	0
the duke in council ?	0
but you’ve seen her and cassio together .	0
a spirit ?	0
but god above deal between thee and me!	0
but what trade art thou ?	0
i do not like her name .	0
sir, can you tell where he is?	0
at such a time i'll loose my daughter to him .	0
monstrous !	0
no ,  good goose ,  don’t bite me .	0
are decius brutus and trebonius there ?	0
what wicked and lying mirror of mine made me compare my eyes with hermia's ?	0
then i hope i have a life of misery !	0
nobody ever set a gem like her in a worse setting than gold .	0
yes ,  he said something in greek .	0
in his tail .	0
it struck mine ear most terribly .	0
this is one lucianus ,  nephew to the king .	0
so perfect and so peerless, are created out of every creature's best virtues.	0
then senseless ilium ,  seeming to feel this blow ,  with flaming top stoops to his base ,  and with a hideous crash takes prisoner pyrrhus' ear .	0
govern these ventages with your fingers and thumbs ,  give it breath with your mouth ,  and it will discourse most eloquent music .	0
mercutio's kinsman, noble county paris!	0
you are dull ,  casca ,  and those sparks of life that should be in a roman you do want ,  or else you use not .	0
i will challenge him .	0
love !	0
and if it sort not well ,  you may conceal her ,  as best befits her wounded reputation ,  in some reclusive and religious life ,  out of all eyes ,  tongues ,  minds ,  and injuries .	0
ate at home ,  but the jeweler says he didn’t .	0
calmly, good laertes.	0
aside] poor worm ,  thou art infected !	0
why are you so strong and good ?	0
even he ,  sir .	0
god hath blessed you with a good name .	0
our general cast us thus early for the love of his desdemona; who let us not therefore blame .	0
oh !	0
good morning, friends.	0
so farewell .	0
come ,  dromio ,  let’s go .	0
peace, you mumbling fool!	0
you know that i gave it to you a half hour ago .	0
whose was it?	0
now ,  for my life ,  she’s wandering to the tower ,  on pure heart’s love ,  to greet the tender prince . — daughter ,  well met .	0
m ” —why ,  that begins my name .	0
why ,  then it is not a prison to you ,  for there is nothing either good or bad but only thinking makes it so .	0
oh ,  she was foul ! — i scarce did know you ,  uncle .	0
the time and my intents are savage - wild ,  more fierce and more inexorable far than empty tigers or the roaring sea .	0
why did you cry out in your sleep ?	0
i am given ,  sir ,  secretly to understand that your younger brother orlando hath a disposition to come in disguised against me to try a fall .	0
why is that ?	0
tis one iago ,  ancient to the general .	0
look, look again!	0
if only all struggles ended this well .	0
listen !	0
anyway ,  my conscience says ,   “ stay put .  ”   “ go ,  ”  the devil says .	0
we'll burn the house of brutus .	0
what are you saying ?	0
o, i have lost my reputation!	0
i think so ,  charmian .	0
caesar ,  thou canst not die by traitors' hands ,  unless thou bring'st them with thee .	0
king stephen was a worthy peer ,  his breeches cost him but a crown; he held them sixpence all too dear ,  with that he call'd the tailor lown .	0
give me thy hand ,  messala .	0
if you be he ,  sir ,  i desire some confidence with you .	0
farewell ,  my lord .	0
what should i do ?	0
noblest of men ,  woo’t die ?	0
but here my father comes .	0
how cam'st thou hither ?	0
heaven truly knows that you are as false as hell.	0
fall and cease .	0
brought you caesar home ?	0
i must get his belongings ashore.	0
well ,  i’ll get married one day ,  just to see .	0
yet you are withered .	0
oh god ,  benedick will plague him like a disease !	0
i saw her burial in her relative's vault ,  and the i rushed to tell you .	0
for you ,  mistress ,  save you your labor .	0
oh ,  she will sing the savageness out of a bear !	0
o for shame!	0
i’ll be gone .	0
i beg the court to deliver the verdict .	0
what was the philosopher pythagoras’s belief about wild birds ?	0
what endeavor ,  popillius ?	0
you stand .	0
oh, oh, oh!	0
if all the wine in my bottle will help him ,  i will help his malaria .	0
we’ll enter all together .	0
a rarer spirit never did steer humanity ,  but you gods will give us some faults to make us men .	0
i wish you well .	0
why ,  then ,  take no note of him ,  but let him go and presently call the rest of the watch together and thank god you are rid of a knave .	0
i will die and leave death everything .	0
i do fear ,  the people choose caesar for their king .	0
don’t you trust my sword and these wounds ?	0
i have looked upon the world for four times seven years, and since i could distinguish betwixt a benefit and an injury, i never found man that knew how to love himself.	0
i will not go today ,  and ere i do it shall be what o'clock i say it is .	0
oh god ,  i have a soul that predicts evil things !	0
what, i, my lord?	0
madam!	0
what, man!	0
let romeo hence in haste, else, when he is found, that hour is his last.	0
the even mead ,  that erst brought sweetly forth the freckled cowslip ,  burnet ,  and green clover ,  wanting the scythe ,  withal uncorrected ,  rank ,  conceives by idleness ,  and nothing teems but hateful docks ,  rough thistles ,  kecksies ,  burrs ,  losing both beauty and utility .	0
i know he wouldn’t be a wolf, but he sees that the romans are nothing but sheep.	0
hark !	0
i must wake her up.	0
i beg your gentle pardon; these bloody accidents must excuse my manners ,  that so neglected you .	0
if she will return me my jewels i will give over my suit and repent my unlawful solicitation .	0
o bloody period !	0
the murmuring surge that on th' unnumbered idle pebbles chafes cannot be heard so high .	0
i should be wise; for honesty's a fool, and loses that it works for.	0
the flat transgression of a schoolboy who ,  being overjoyed with finding a birds' nest ,  shows it his companion ,  and he steals it .	0
the leisure and the fearful time cuts off the ceremonious vows of love and ample interchange of sweet discourse ,  which so - long - sundered friends should dwell upon .	0
but one word more— he will not be commanded by you .	0
what is ’t ,  my lord ?	0
this quarry cries on havoc.	0
come on ,  sir .	0
the queen drinks to your fortune, hamlet.	0
i'll show thee every fertile inch o'th’ island; and i will kiss thy foot .	0
move the plates !	0
how does my royal lord ?	0
is his army coming?	0
o, fie upon thee, slanderer!	0
what man is that ?	0
sweet prince ,  why speak not you ?	0
good evening ,  casca .	0
hath he ask'd for me ?	0
the groans you used to make are still ringing in my old ears .	0
the cat with the streaked fur has meowed three times.	0
sick ,  oh ,  sick !	0
well ,  i am standing water .	0
what ,  shall we go ?	0
that day will never come .	0
i have already slept, my lord.	0
i have too grieved a heart to take a tedious leave .	0
may i speak ,  caesar .	0
it’s come twice before, and just appearing out of nothing, he’s gone past us at this dead hour with a warlike stalk.	0
she has robbed me of my sword .	0
it is called “the evil,” a most miraculous work in this good king, which often, since my stay in england, i have seen him do.	0
very gladly.	0
i do not know, my lord, what i should think.	0
as gaming ,  my lord .	0
if cleopatra heard you ,  your reproof were well deserved of rashness .	0
this love feel i, that feel no love in this.	0
come ,  sir ,  get going .	0
more than prince of cats, i can tell you.	0
no ,  someone has to give her away or the marriage isn’t legal .	0
let us withdraw .	0
if i’m a wasp ,  look out for my stinger .	0
innocent sweethearts ,  you have no idea who’s responsible for your father’s death .	0
in your christening, you shall have two godfathers; if i had been the judge, you should have had ten more, to bring you to the gallows, not to the baptismal font.	0
is the throne empty ?	0
until then ,  god be with you !	0
these are the messengers from my sister and the king .	0
it’s time that we brought our armies into the field .	0
there's a fearful point !	0
let me see the count .	0
what, not a word?	0
ink and paper ,  charmian .	0
maybe ,  but you’re wrinkled all the same .	0
please ,  sir ,  stand up; i am sure you are not launcelot ,  my boy .	0
but it is true , —without any slips of prolixity or crossing the plain highway of talk , —that the good antonio ,  the honest antonio , —oh ,  that i had a title good enough to keep his name company ! — come ,  the whole story .	0
what do you think you’re doing ?	0
but god who has the plan of my journey on this sea ,  direct my sail !	0
moreover that we much did long to see you, the need we have to use you did provoke our hasty sending.	0
i oft delivered from his forfeitures many that have at times made moan to me .	0
spirit ,  we must prepare to meet with caliban .	0
god help me !	0
thou art the best o' th' cutthroats: yet he’s good that did the like for fleance .	0
mustardseed .	0
gentlemen, let's look to our business.	0
far more ,  far more ,  to you do i decline .	0
o fates!	0
the courtier's, scholar's, soldier's, eye, voice, sword, the hope and flower of denmark, the mirror of fashion and the mold of perfect form, the observed of all observers, quite, quite taken down!	0
come on ,  let’s go at it ,  macduff ,  and damn the first man who cries ,  'stop !	0
it is the lark that sings so out of tune ,  straining to sing horrible songs and unpleasing notes .	0
i will not do them wrong; i rather choose to wrong the dead, to wrong myself and you, than i will wrong such honorable men.	0
speak again .	0
that light we see is burning in my hall .	0
dismay'd not this our captains, macbeth and banquo?	0
nor did you nothing hear ?	0
what would my powerful master like?	0
i told him you were sick .	0
do it ,  england; for like the hectic in my blood he rages ,  and thou must cure me .	0
everyone, quiet.— peace!	0
go in ,  nerissa; give order to my servants ,  that they take no note at all of our being absent hence; nor you ,  lorenzo:—jessica ,  nor you .	0
farewell.	0
i will .	0
i see you all are bent to set against me for your merriment .	0
give me the letter.	0
listen !	0
we you won’t pay for the glasses you smashed ?	0
everything that made me worry about my ships would make me sad .	0
now you are my lieutenant .	0
madam wife ,  they say that i have dreamed and slept above some fifteen year or more .	0
no harm .	0
awake !	0
come ,  i'll dispose of thee among a sisterhood of holy nuns .	0
go ,  lad ,  and take them to the pantry .	0
my father compounded with my mother under the dragon’s tail and my nativity was under ursa major ,  so that it follows i am rough and lecherous .	0
take up my mistress' gown for his master’s use !	0
he's a traitor.	0
be like the fountain that my children and all my descendants flow from ,  has rejected me !	0
you ,  to remove that siege of grief from her ,  engaged and would have married her against her will ,  to count paris .	0
then heaven have mercy on me !	0
no more of drowning ,  do you hear ?	0
so again, good night.	0
now summon up the image of stealthy murmurs and engulfing darkness filling the wide vessel of the universe .	0
good countrymen ,  let me depart alone ,  and ,  for my sake ,  stay here with antony .	0
saint francis be my speed!	0
we have no friends but determination and the quickest death .	0
yes ,  by god ,  that it is .	0
can heaven be so envious ?	0
if you’re my friend ,  tell me what you’re thinking .	0
what means this shouting ?	0
you hateful belly, you womb of death, stuffed full with the dearest morsel of the earth, i will force your rotten jaws to open, and, in spite, i'll cram you fuller with more food!	0
why ,  sir ,  you know no house nor no such maid ,  nor no such men as you have reckoned up ,  as stephen sly and old john naps of greece ,  and peter turph and henry pimpernell ,  and twenty more such names and men as these ,  which never were ,  nor no man ever saw .	0
take these too .	0
do you know me ,  my lord ?	0
i have a good reason to cry ,  but my heart will splinter into a hundred thousand pieces before i let myself cry . —oh ,  fool ,  i’ll go mad !	0
perhaps, to make it the more gracious, i shall sing it at her death.	0
as for me ,  i’m surrendering all my power over to him ,  giving him absolute authority for the rest of his life .	0
what ,  no more ?	0
my lord of gloucester ,  i have too long borne your blunt upbraidings and your bitter scoffs .	0
would thou hadst less deserved, that the proportion both of thanks and payment might have been mine!	0
and yet for all that ,  if she didn’t hate him to death ,  she’d love him to death .	0
your loss is as yourself ,  great ,  and you bear it as answering to the weight .	0
a sweet woman !	0
as long as you aren’t ashamed to show it ,  he won’t be ashamed to tell you what it means .	0
and when goes hence ?	0
that’s the way it should be—only antony should conquer antony .	0
stay ,  i prithee ,  tell me what thou thinkest of me .	0
this is that banish'd haughty montague that murdered my love's cousin—with which grief it is supposed the fair creature died— and here is come to do some villanous shame to the dead bodies .	0
what is your will?	0
there's millions now alive that nightly lie in those adulterous beds which they dare to swear is the first time.	0
so art thou to revenge ,  when thou shalt hear .	0
was that rejection done like cassius ?	0
is this possible ?	0
for i mine own gained knowledge should profane if i would time expend with such a snipe but for my sport and profit .	0
right away .	0
infirm of purpose !	0
he hath a person and a smooth dispose to be suspected; framed to make women false.	0
stand close; this is the same athenian .	0
good gentlemen, cut him some slack, and keep his attentions on these delights.	0
you appeared to me but as a common man .	0
what were those things ?	0
thou hast by moonlight at her window sung with feigning voice verses of feigning love ,  and stol'n the impression of her fantasy with bracelets of thy hair ,  rings ,  gauds ,  conceits ,  knacks ,  trifles ,  nosegays ,  sweetmeats—messengers of strong prevailment in unhardened youth .	0
say, what abridgment have you for this evening?	0
you told me they snuck into this forest ,  and i’m here and wander within this forest ,  because i cannot meet hermia .	0
my lord .	0
she cheated on me ,  and she was a whore .	0
eros !	0
anyway ,  even if he had the money now ,  the jew probably wouldn’t take it .	0
allow me to continue . —i am a gentleman of verona ,  sir ,  who ,  hearing of your daughter’s beauty and wit ,  her friendly disposition and bashful modesty ,  her uncommon virtues and her mild behavior ,  have taken the liberty of presenting myself as a guest at your house in the hope of seeing for myself if what i’ve heard is true .	0
i do hear the morning lark .	0
to fetch her fan ,  her gloves ,  her mask ,  or anything ?	0
indeed, it is a strange-disposed time; but men may construe things after their fashion, clean from the purpose of the things themselves.	0
and ere i take this charm from off her sight ,  as i can take it with another herb ,  i'll make her render up her page to me .	0
curse my very heart ,  but i think you should be happy in this second marriage ,  because it’s better than your first .	0
you’re a scholar, speak to it, horatio.	0
you were given birth by a woman.	0
once i’ve put my rackets to these balls ,  i’ll play a set in france ,  god willing ,  that will knock his father’s crown right out of the court .	0
is it in the air or the earth?	0
and hath given countenance to his speech ,  my lord ,  with almost all the holy vows of heaven .	0
i had rather be a toad ,  and live on the air of a dungeon ,  than keep a piece of the thing i love for others' uses .	0
tis banquo's then .	0
before my god, i might not this believe without the sensible and true avouch of mine own eyes.	0
he dreams .	0
i’m afraid that a worse man will take his place.	0
he’s a good soldier too ,  lady .	0
be assured ,  if words are made of breath ,  and breath is made of life ,  i have no life to breathe what you have said to me .	0
where’s the master ?	0
let it be so .	0
goodbye ,  my sweet lord . —goodbye ,  my sister .	0
i fear the trust othello puts him in ,  because at some odd time of his infirmity ,  he will shake this island .	0
i trust your virtue as a man.	0
no .	0
to kill him ,  clitus .	0
my dear gloucester !	0
but still ,  i say ,  if suggestion and strong circumstances which lead directly to the door of truth ,  will give you satisfaction ,  you may have it .	0
i'll show thee the best springs; i'll pluck thee berries; i'll fish for thee, and get thee wood enough.	0
it was the play in which you wooed the gentlewoman so successfully .	0
it is not yet near day .	0
i look forward to getting to know you better ,  mr .  mustardseed .	0
i await justice .	0
how is ’t with you ?	0
is that true ?	0
faith ,  i’ll home tomorrow ,  sir toby .	0
true .	0
propose the oath, my lord.	0
vexed i am of late with passions of some difference ,  conceptions only proper to myself ,  which give some soil perhaps to my behaviors; but let not therefore my good friends be grieved— among which number ,  cassius ,  be you one— nor construe any further my neglect than that poor brutus with himself at war forgets the shows of love to other men .	0
well held out ,  i' faith .	0
yes .	0
and i do believe your majesty takes no scorn to wear the leek upon saint tavy’s day .	0
make it a word and a blow .	0
for ever ,  and for ever ,  farewell ,  cassius !	0
nature presently distilled helen’s cheek ,  but not her heart ,  cleopatra’s majesty ,  atalanta’s better part ,  sad lucretia’s modesty .	0
to alonso .	0
hymen brought her from heaven yes ,  brought her here .	0
yea ,  and paid me richly for the practice of it .	0
i have told you often ,  and i’ll tell you again and again ,  i hate the moor .	0
madam ,  i am here .	0
have with you .	0
i defy your solemn appeal, and i here arrest you as a felon.	0
my deeds upon my head !	0
i’ll strike and cry ,   “ take all .  ”                                                            well said .	0
that man always looks so sour !	0
you ,  mistress ,  that have the office next to saint peter ,  and keep the gate of hell !	0
what wicked and dissembling glass of mine made me compare with hermia’s sphery eyne ?	0
where's publius?	0
did you see?	0
amen to that ,  lady .	0
he wouldn’t get drunk much ,  since there’s no wine here .	0
if a man were porter of hell-gate, he should have old turning the key.	0
no ,  my good lord .	0
what kind of a man are you!	0
to me it looks like a weasel .	0
i beg you ,  walk with me on the way a little; and say if i shall see you later tonight .	0
here’s snip and nip and cut and slish and slash ,  like to a censer in a barber’s shop .	0
o, fie upon them!	0
and ,  gentle puck ,  take this donkey head off the head of this athenian lover ,  that when he wakes when the others do ,  all of them may go back to athens ,  thinking no more about tonight’s events than that they were parts of a dream .	0
seek him ,  bid him come hither .	0
it’s likely they had some notice from the people, how i had moved them.	0
you could be great; you are not without ambition, only without the drive should usually goes with it.	0
and, o you mortal device, whose rude throats pretend to be the immortal jove's dread clamors, farewell!	0
wife, we scarce thought us blest that god had lent us but this only child; but now i see this one is one too much, and that we have a curse in having her.	0
ay ,  for the state; not for antonio .	0
scurvy knave!	0
come ,  come ,  hurry up .	0
happiest of all is that her gentle spirit commits itself to yours to be directed as from her lord ,  her governor ,  her king .	0
he is the brooch indeed and gem of all the nation .	0
is she not proud ?	0
please give me a little credit !	0
let me finish my curse .	0
ok ,  guys ,  spread out .	0
what are you ?	0
confined together in the same fashion as you told me; just as you left them: all prisoners, sir, in the grove of trees which weatherproofs your dwelling; they can’t budge until you release them.	0
well then, it now appears you need my help; come on, then; you come to me, and you say “'shylock, we would have money.” you say so: you that spit on my beard, and kick me as you spurn a strange dog on your doorstep; money is what you ask for.	0
let heaven and men and devils tell me to shut me up .	0
a very gentle beast ,  and of a good conscience .	0
she is to enter now ,  and i am to spy her through the wall .	0
if you love me then ,  sneaker away from your father's house tomorrow night; and ,  in the forest ,  three miles outside town ,  where i met you once ,  with helena ,  to celebrate a may day morning party ,  i will wait for you there .	0
who are you ?	0
well ,  sir; my mistress is the sweetest lady .	0
where do you live ?	0
antipholus has gone insane ,  no question about it .	0
get going ,  you dwarf; you zero ,  made of scraps of grass; you bead ,  you acorn .	0
o brother montague, give me thy hand.	0
no ,  don’t let me .	0
you cankerb lossom !	0
commend me to your daughter.	0
come on then; down ,  and swear .	0
you’d better tell antonio what you heard; still ,  don’t tell him without warning because it may be too painful .	0
tie up my love's tongue ,  bring him silently .	0
get me some poison ,  iago ,  this night .	0
she shall be buried next to her antony .	0
tell him i would speak with him .	0
unable to be lived on and almost out of reach,— still— still— he couldn’t resist it.	0
thou hast most kindly hit it.	0
and when she speaks, is it not an alarum to love?	0
am i yourself but ,  as it were ,  in sort or limitation ,  to keep with you at meals ,  comfort your bed ,  and talk to you sometimes ?	0
widow !	0
did you hear her speak ?	0
yes ,  what about him ?	0
who does time amble for ?	0
we’ll all join hands and sing ,  and bless this place with our fairy grace .	0
a soothsayer tells you to beware of march 15th .	0
ay ,  marry ,  wast ,  and he put it by thrice ,  every time gentler than other ,  and at every putting by mine honest neighbors shouted .	0
there are yet missing of your company some few odd lads that you remember not .	0
i'll call upon you in a minute.	0
an now tell me ,  how doth your cousin ?	0
let's make us medicines of our great revenge ,  to cure this deadly grief .	0
good - bye ,  great commander .	0
how is't with you?	0
the players cannot keep a secret ,  they'll tell all .	0
what is he that you ask for ,  niece ?	0
despised substance of the most divine show!	0
his words were ,  farewell mistress; nothing else .	0
hark !	0
ready .	0
are you talking about young master launcelot ?	0
take up her bed and bear her women from the monument .	0
surely there's some magic in this handkerchief; i am very unhappy at the loss of it.	0
give me your hand .	0
o monstrous world!	0
to him, father.	0
is it on record that he built it ,  or is it just word of mouth ?	0
what ,  ho !	0
signior tranio ,  you also took aim at that bird ,  though you didn’t hit her . —so here’s a health to all who’ve shot and missed .	0
there ,  take my fool’s cap .	0
meanwhile ,  after you .	0
love ,  and be friends as two such men should be ,  because i am older ,  i'm sure ,  than you .	0
when went there by an age ,  since the great flood ,  but it was famed with more than with one man ?	0
he says more in one minute than he does in a whole month .	0
will no one back me up ?	0
no ,  truly ,  unless thou wert hard - favored ,  for honesty coupled to beauty is to have honey a sauce to sugar .	0
a knave very voluble; no further conscionable than in putting on the mere form of civil and humane seeming ,  for the better com -  passing of his salt and most hidden loose affection ?	0
well ,  again !	0
is that how it’s going to be ?	0
it is strange .	0
he and lepidus are at caesar's house.	0
we are wicked men, all, believe none of us.	0
speak softly .	0
what, ho, horatio!	0
ladies ,  you’re dropping bread from the heavens to starving people .	0
i will fetch off my bottle ,  though i be o'er ears for my labour .	0
tis strange .	0
nay ,  take my life and all .	0
in the fact that it’s solitary ,  i enjoy it very much; but in the sense that it’s private ,  it’s terrible .	0
nay, i can gleek upon occasion.	0
nod to him ,  elves ,  and do him courtesies .	0
my lord ,  i did intend to ask .	0
a miracle !	0
let's hide, my lord.	0
it is too late .	0
come ,  knock and enter; and no sooner in but every man betake him to his legs .	0
you are a fool; be quiet .	0
twas you we laughed at.	0
he's married .	0
then ,  hold my sword and turn your face away while i run on it .	0
my master is being difficult .	0
my suit to her is that she will to virtuous desdemona procure me some access .	0
oh ,  he hasn’t ?	0
mighty duke ,  please allow me to say something .	0
what a blow was there given !	0
whether he was combined with those of norway ,  or did line the rebel with hidden help and vantage ,  or that with both he labor'd in his country's wreck ,  i know not; but treasons capital ,  confess'd and proved ,  have overthrown him .	0
a tanner will last you nine years.	0
ay ,  but the clerk that never means to do it unless he live until he be a man .	0
well, you have really comforted me a lot.	0
good sir, whose armies are these?	0
but i jabber on a little too wildly ,  and there i am forgetting my father's lessons .	0
take these keys and get more spices ,  nurse .	0
so let me be brief here .	0
wait, who’s coming here?	0
there is a play tonight before the king.	0
i will ,  my lord .	0
hast thou no letters to me from the friar ?	0
now ,  before god ,  our whole city owes this friar a great debt .	0
by my troth ,  he’ll yield the crow a pudding one of these days .	0
how can it he ?	0
i do not well understand that .	0
what's the matter ,  lieutenant ?	0
in nothing am i changed but in my garments .	0
i have not deserved this.	0
they both begin with the letter  “ r .  ”  ah ,  you jokester—that’s the dog’s name .	0
come on .	0
drunk ?	0
i thank you ,  master .	0
surely i do believe your fair cousin is wronged .	0
good night ,  good doctor .	0
he is much changed .	0
if you will live ,  lament .	0
i’m going to rest my head on this little slope .	0
didn’t you hear it ?	0
so that means she’ll come .	0
he is simply the most active gentleman of france .	0
for which ,  as i told you ,  antonio shall be obligated .	0
no ,  but beatrice— sweet hero ,  she’s been wronged ,  she’s been slandered ,  she’s been ruined .	0
let's meet him and greet him .	0
give me the necklace !	0
now they believe it and withal whet me to be revenged on rivers ,  dorset ,  grey; but then i sigh and ,  with a piece of scripture ,  tell them that god bids us do good for evil; and thus i clothe my naked villainy with odd old ends stolen out of holy writ ,  and seem a saint when most i play the devil .	0
bring them right in .	0
wouldst thou do such a deed for all the world ?	0
nay ,  but hear me .	0
no ,  you shall paint when you are old .	0
brutus ,  my country’s friend .	0
commend me to your daughter.	0
and trust me, love, in my eye so do you.	0
alas, she has no speech.	0
o, sweet my mother, don’t push me away!	0
every subject’s duty is the king’s ,  but every subject’s soul is his own .	0
stand!	0
haven’t hurt your head?	0
oh yes ,  three thousand ducats .	0
all is confirmed ,  my lord ,  which was reported .	0
the air here is very sweet for us .	0
why ,  man ,  he stands on top of the narrow world like the colossus of rhodes ,  and we little men walk under his huge legs and peep about to find ourselves disgraceful graves .	0
don’t you have any word of joy?	0
it cannot be call'd our mother, but our grave.	0
i’m afraid you’ve sold your own land to see other men’s .	0
where else should they be set?	0
my clerk hath some good comforts too for you .	0
o heavenly powers !	0
you know me well .	0
who can blot that name with any just reproach ?	0
i will seize him .	0
but jealous people don’t think like that .	0
if more thou dost perceive ,  let me know more .	0
madam ,  i am not well .	0
beat me ?	0
i am not well in health ,  and that is all .	0
take him away !	0
i pray you tell benedick of it and hear what he will say .	0
startle even the sky with the sound of your lances cracking .	0
what ,  have you dined at home ?	0
farewell .	0
o cursed ,  cursed slave !	0
the outcome was doubtful; men fought like tired swimmers who cling together and wind up choking.	0
in religion, what damned error is there that some sober face will bless it, and approve it with a text, hiding the grossness with a beautiful ornament?	0
the people in the street cry ‘romeo , ’ some ‘juliet , ’ and some ‘paris’; and all run ,  with open outcry ,  toward our monument .	0
god grant we never may have need of you .	0
she has a low - pitched voice .	0
so let me sleep next to you .	0
ay ,  or any show that you'll show him .	0
tell me ,  that i may sack the hateful mansion .	0
i will not choose what many men desire ,  because i will not jump with common spirits ,  and rank me with the barbarous multitudes .	0
here ,  madam .	0
a thousand times the worse, to want thy light!	0
in faith, my lord, not i.	0
shame on you!	0
what should such fellows as i do ,  crawling between earth and heaven ?	0
it may be these apparent prodigies, the unaccustom'd terror of this night, and the persuasion of his augurers may hold him from the capitol today.	0
well ,  sir ,  it’s better to say little than to be tedious .	0
would she were hearsed at my foot and the ducats in her coffin !	0
o you gods !	0
must i stand and bend under your short-tempered mood?	0
some wine, ho!	0
nor send you out o' the way?	0
saint valentine is past; begin these wood - birds but to couple now ?	0
my tongue and soul in this be hypocrites .	0
your grace can do whatever he wants .	0
him terribly .	0
mother ,  you have offended my father very much .	0
this deed of thine is no more worthy heaven than thou wast worthy her .	0
why, i am glad!	0
because ,  even if you only shine your grey light one time ,  i'll find demetrius ,  and revenge this spite .	0
will you ,  i pray ,  demand that demi - devil why he hath thus ensnared my soul and body ?	0
i have a reasonable good ear in music .	0
with nought but truth .	0
the gods defend him from so great a shame !	0
i needn’t be ashamed of your majesty ,  god be praised ,  so long as your majesty is an honest man .	0
how canst thou make me satisfaction ?	0
i don’t know how to play it, my lord.	0
no ,  lieutenant—god ,  gentlemen—help—lieutenant—sir ,  montano—help ,  men ! —the night guard is coming !	0
in truth, i think i should; and undo it when i had done.	0
wilt thou know the effect of what i wrote ?	0
not a jot more ,  my lord .	0
there is siward's son and many youths without beards which now affirm they are beginning manhood.	0
give me that chisel-edged pick and the iron wrench.	0
fight ?	0
that’s my office .	0
and so far am i glad it so did sort ,  as this their jangling i esteem a sport .	0
in my ignorance, your skill shall, like a star in the darkest night, be shown to its fiery advantage indeed.	0
i lay with cassio lately and, being troubled with a raging tooth, i could not sleep.	0
so indeed he did .	0
now i’ll tell you without asking .	0
marcus luccicos, is not he in town?	0
beg that you may have permission to hang yourself; and still ,  your wealth being the penalty to pay the state ,  you haven’t got the value of a string left; so you must be hanged at the state's expense .	0
quiet !	0
fast asleep ?	0
lieutenant,--sir,--montano,--gentlemen,-- have you forgot all place of sense and duty?	0
we thought he was a coward ,  but he fights like a devil .	0
i have done no more to caesar than you shall do to brutus.	0
and now they never meet in grove or green, by fountain clear, or spangled starlight sheen, but they do square, that all their elves for fear creep into acorn cups and hide them there.	0
yet i should kill thee with much cherishing .	0
whither wilt thou lead me ?	0
what do you want ?	0
mark you this ,  bassanio ,  the devil can cite scripture for his purpose .	0
thou wouldst be great; art not without ambition ,  but without the illness should attend it .	0
sola, sola!	0
and are not you my husband ?	0
stand aside .	0
it appears ,  by his small light of discretion ,  that he is in the wane; but yet ,  in courtesy ,  in all reason ,  we must stay the time .	0
nay ,  had she been true ,  if heaven would make me such another world of one entire and perfect chrysolite ,  i'ld not have sold her for it .	0
we'll have dinner there.	0
me ,  uncle ?	0
and let no man abide this deed but we the doers .	0
i learned it in england, where indeed they are most potent in potting.	0
fly ,  my lord ,  fly .	0
god and your arms be praised ,  victorious friends !	0
just close up these holes with your finger and thumb ,  put it in your mouth and blow ,  and it will yield the most eloquent music .	0
i am your neighbor ,  and was suitor first .	0
i hope things go well there .	0
and now who but you knows whether i’m yours ?	0
ay ,  marry ,  now unmuzzle your wisdom .	0
brave iago ,  how honest and trustworthy you are !	0
you are gentlemen of brave spirit: you would lift the moon out of her orbit if she would continue in it for five weeks without changing.	0
captain macmorris ,  when we have more leisure ,  see ,  i will be so bold as to show you i know about the practice of warfare ,  and that’s that .	0
i am to blame.	0
a boy robbed you ,  but you’ll beat up the post instead .	0
when i ran into this holy man ,  those men you mentioned did come to mind ,  in fact .	0
good night .	0
well ,  thou dost best .	0
that's very true ,  my lord .	0
but shall we wear these glories for a day ,  or shall they last and we rejoice in them ?	0
thy dukedom i resign and do entreat thou pardon me my wrongs .	0
just now .	0
nay ,  faith ,  let me not play a woman .	0
all that's spoke is marr'd .	0
what could you possibly ask for ?	0
what’s going on in here ?	0
it is strange.	0
and now i’m going to leave your despised company .	0
oh ,  thou didst then ne'er love so heartily .	0
i would give you some violets ,  but they withered all when my father died .	0
no ,  i swear it as a man .	0
you’re defending an impostor ?	0
but until that time ,  i receive your offered love like love ,  and won’t do it wrong .	0
will it not be received ,  when we have mark'd with blood those sleepy two of his own chamber ,  and used their very daggers ,  that they have done't ?	0
o noble caesar!	0
so let her execute me .	0
you can stand in his place .	0
the captain—give it to the captain .	0
assuredly the thing is to be sold .	0
i would not have such a heart in my bosom for the dignity of the whole body .	0
you’re so infatuated with him that you’re hallucinating .	0
a friend should bear his friend’s infirmities ,  but brutus makes mine greater than they are .	0
let it fall rather ,  though the fork invade the region of my heart .	0
this island’s mine ,  by sycorax my mother ,  which thou takest from me .	0
he is a notorious villain.	0
sweets to the sweet.	0
the poor monster's my subject ,  and he shall not suffer indignity .	0
if i remember correctly ,  i can’t raise the entire three thousand ducats immediately .	0
who’s within ?	0
we have been up and down to seek him .	0
why dost thou lash that whore ?	0
and i get sick when i can’t look at you .	0
methinks you are too much of late i' th' frown .	0
ha !	0
i am not yet so low but that my nails can reach unto thine eyes.	0
whither should i fly?	0
let’s proceed to the field .	0
tell him i have moved my lord on his behalf and hope all will be well .	0
and ,  most dear actors ,  eat no onions nor garlic ,  for we are to utter sweet breath; and i do not doubt but to hear them say it is a sweet comedy .	0
i would rather listen to my dog bark at a crow than hear a man swear that he loves me .	0
romeo is banish'd; and all the world to nothing that he dares ne'er come back to challenge you; or if he do ,  it needs must be by stealth .	0
watch him.	0
are you coming again for ransom ?	0
and so far i am glad it worked out this way, because i am really enjoying the show.	0
lord, how it looks about!	0
indeed ,  they say my uncle grew so fast that he could gnaw on a crust of bread when he was two hours old .	0
behold, i have a weapon; a better never did itself sustain upon a soldier's thigh.	0
will you play upon this pipe ?	0
for a full half hour .	0
too well what love women to men may owe .	0
i wish that no one but me might avenge my cousin's death!	0
fa ,  sol ,  la ,  mi .	0
how is it ,  my soul ?	0
you take my life when you take away my means of making a living .	0
and i had to be away from home !	0
this was the most unkindest cut of all; for when the noble caesar saw him stab ,  ingratitude ,  more strong than traitors' arms ,  quite vanquish'd him .	0
my lord, do as you please; but, if you hold it fit, after the play, let his queen mother all alone entreat him to show his grief.	0
is romeo slaughtered, and is tybalt dead?	0
heavens rain grace on that which grows between them!	0
come hither ,  man .	0
what woman then?	0
double, double, toil and trouble; fire burn and cauldron bubble.	0
sometimes she tickles a priest’s nose with a  enough ,  enough !	0
mistress and master ,  you have oft inquired after the shepherd that complained of love ,  who you saw sitting by me on the turf ,  praising the proud disdainful shepherdess that was his mistress .	0
now, fellow, what is there?	0
her funeral rites have been as far enlarged as we can enlarge.	0
the name of cassius honors this corruption ,  and chastisement doth therefore hide his head .	0
what was he that you followed with your sword ?	0
stand ,  ho !	0
first let’s go to dinner .	0
under sir thomas erpingham .	0
by your patience ,  i needs must rest me .	0
everyone who can hear has heard about it .	0
amen .	0
lady !	0
with this ,  i leave — that ,  as i killed my best friend for the good of rome ,  i have the same dagger for myself ,  to be used when it shall please my country to need my death .	0
it then draws near the season wherein the spirit held his wont to walk.	0
first ,  good peter quince ,  say what the play treats on ,  then read the names of the actors ,  and so grow to a point .	0
and he’s gone .	0
seek thine own ease .	0
beauty's officer is still red on your lips and in your cheeks, and death's pale flag is not yet planted there.	0
o ,  'tis foul in her .	0
god pardon him !	0
why, you silly gentleman!	0
then swore he that he was a stranger here .	0
be eloquent in my behalf to her .	0
god bless you .	0
tell it ,  othello .	0
i have an humor to knock you indifferently well .	0
lysander ,  keep thy hermia; i will none .	0
what, nurse, i say!	0
excellent .	0
he longs to see your head .	0
ah ,  buckingham ,  now do i play the touch ,  to try if thou be current gold indeed .	0
nor ever heard, nor ever did suspect.	0
go !	0
and  madam ,  with all my heart .	0
let his shames quickly drive him to rome .	0
let them last forever .	0
thy husband in thy bosom there lies dead; and paris too .	0
you know that we parted only seven years ago ,  in syracuse .	0
o ,  gentlemen ,  see ,  see dead henry’s wounds open their congealed mouths and bleed afresh ! — blush ,  blush ,  thou lump of foul deformity ,  for ’tis thy presence that exhales this blood from cold and empty veins where no blood dwells .	0
whose house?	0
now to my word: it is goodbye, goodbye!	0
will't please you go, my lord?	0
stay !	0
to stephano and trinculo] hence, and bestow your lug- [to stephano and trinculo] hence, and bestow your lug- gage where you found it.	0
hush !	0
which one of you killed the deer ?	0
knock knock knock ,  knock !	0
she is indeed perfection .	0
what dost thou with thy best apparel on ?	0
whom did he leave in charge here ?	0
their hounds are unequaled in courage .	0
either thou ,  macbeth ,  or else my sword with an unbattered edge i sheathe again undeeded .	0
here comes the duke now .	0
alas ,  what cry is that ?	0
he, sir.	0
listen to what the tyrant says .	0
i do remember an apothecary, and hereabouts he dwells, which late i noted in tatt'red weeds, with overwhelming brows, culling of simples.	0
stay the friar too .	0
his eyes started glazing over around eight in the morning .	0
me too .	0
some are born great— ”	0
i’m in so much trouble with my niece that it wouldn’t be safe to let this prank go to its conclusion .	0
a very pleasing night to honest men .	0
some holy angel fly to the court of england and unfold his message ere he come, that a swift blessing may soon return to this our suffering country under a hand accursed!	0
he swore he would never marry ,  and yet now ,  in despite of his heart ,  he eats his meat without grudging .	0
i know not .	0
signior ,  it is the moor .	0
your friends at pomfret ,  they do need the priest; your honor hath no shriving work in hand .	0
even if the news is sad ,  tell me with a smile on your face .	0
just as tall as my heart .	0
forgive me .	0
i am almost afraid to stand alone here in the churchyard ,  but i will stay .	0
but my inspiration works, and she is delivered like this.	0
you should go to juliet and dress her up .	0
your wife ,  fulvia ,  mustered her army first .	0
and will you give me leave?	0
for shame ,  for shame !	0
wherefore storm you so?	0
what a head i’ve got !	0
i'll tell my husband ,  launcelot ,  what you say; here he comes .	0
thus ornament is but the guilèd shore to a most dangerous sea ,  the beauteous scarf veiling an indian beauty—in a word ,  the seeming truth which cunning times put on to entrap the wisest .	0
to leave his wife ,  his children ,  his house ,  and his titles in a place so unsafe that he himself flees it !	0
besides ,  how have i offended you ,  my friends ?	0
we had like to have had our two noses snapped off with two old men without teeth .	0
lend me a garter .	0
nothing but death shall stop me.	0
you draw me ,  you hard - hearted adamant .	0
to the breach ,  to the breach !	0
caesar and lepidus are organizing their military operation .	0
trebonius doth desire you to o'er read, at your best leisure, this his humble suit.	0
drinks.	0
fool oh ,  he’s drunk ,  sir toby ,  an hour agone .	0
she’s dead ,  deceased ,  she’s dead .	0
as i came down ?	0
get up ,  i tell you !	0
why ,  how now ,  juliet ?	0
twelve years ago ,  miranda ,  twelve years ago your father was the duke of milan ,  a powerful prince .	0
oh ,  thou art deceived .	0
a thousand times the worse to want thy light .	0
well ,  gentlemen ,  i am thus resolved: on sunday next ,  you know my daughter katherina is to be married .	0
the english are in the field ,  french lords .	0
delay this marriage for a month ,  a week .	0
so, goodbye now, because brutus' tongue has almost ended his life's story.	0
i accept your devotion with my deepest love .	0
to die for adultery ?	0
who's there ?	0
go ,  go ,  good countrymen ,  and ,  for this fault ,  assemble all the poor men of your sort ,  draw them to tiber banks ,  and weep your tears into the channel ,  till the lowest stream do kiss the most exalted shores of all .	0
i myself heard the king say he would not be ransomed .	0
who are you?	0
we need more help !	0
are you still set on marrying my brother’s daughter ?	0
masters ,  the duke is coming from the temple ,  and there is two or three lords and ladies more married .	0
i have known when there was no music with him but the drum and the fife ,  and now had he rather hear the tabor and the pipe .	0
he speaks home, madam.	0
gentles, perchance you wonder at this show; but wonder on, till truth make all things plain.	0
if circumstances lead me, i will find where truth is hid, though it were hid indeed within the centre.	0
take our good meaning, for our judgment sits five times more in that sense, than once in our five wits.	0
i humbly thank you, sir.	0
not i .	0
this blue - eyed hag was hither brought with child and here was left by th' sailors .	0
what’s going on ?	0
she was utterly true to you !	0
the fee simple?	0
who’s that ?	0
come ,  woo me ,  woo me ,  for now i am in a holiday humor ,  and like enough to consent .	0
so take her ,  shepherd ,  and god bless you .	0
but then i saw no harm ,  and then i heard each syllable that was exchanged between them .	0
mr. cobweb; good monsieur, get all your weapons in your hand and kill me a red-hipped humble-bee on the top of a thistle; and, good monsieur, bring me his honey-bag.	0
say goodbye to your sisters .	0
sir ,  he’s rash and very sudden in choler ,  and haply may strike at you .	0
no ,  he doth but mistake the truth totally .	0
ah me !	0
so you’re around lady luck’s waist ?	0
yes, if a woman lives to be a man.	0
i see this has dashed your spirits a little .	0
that most ingrateful boy there by your side from the rude sea’s enraged and foamy mouth did i redeem .	0
my lord, i do.	0
it is he.	0
i'll court his favours .	0
go to a convent, go.	0
and can a person ever have too much of a good thing ? —come on ,  sister ,  you can be the priest and marry us . —give me your hand ,  orlando . —what do you say ,  sister ?	0
may god ,  who is the best matchmaker ,  join your hearts and realms in one .	0
antonio, i am married to a wife, which is as dear to me as life itself; but life itself, my wife, and all the world are not with me esteem'd above thy life; i would lose all, ay, sacrifice them all here to this devil, to deliver you.	0
if people take what he says ,  fine .	0
then ’tis he: the rest that are within the note of expectation already are i' th' court .	0
oh lorenzo ,  if you keep your promise to me ,  i’ll end this agony by becoming a christian and marrying you .	0
soldiers ,  sir .	0
what not put upon his spongy officers, who shall bear the guilt of our great quell?	0
who set this ancient quarrel new abroach?	0
use them after your own honour and dignity.	0
here, peter quince.	0
but aren’t you drowned ,  stephano ?	0
it looks to me like it’s burning in the capulet tomb .	0
o ,  this is rebellion ,  you false danish dogs !	0
i not doubt he came alive to land .	0
night's candles are burned out, and the joyful day stands tiptoe on the misty mountain tops.	0
i'll tell you what you shall do .	0
you’re doing the right thing .	0
the sun was not so true unto the day as he to me .	0
madam ,  with all my heart .	0
and i would die a thousand deaths cheerfully ,  if it made your life easier .	0
your daughter spent, as i heard, one night, in genoa eighty dollars.	0
and mine, with my heart in't, and now farewell till half an hour hence.	0
do as i bid you .	0
invite the many guests on this list.	0
by mary, have patience; or i shall say you are totally in a temper, and not a man.	0
it then draws near the season wherein the spirit held his wont to walk .	0
stay inside .	0
he said once the devil would have him about women .	0
foolish dogs ,  blindly running straight toward a russian bear only to have their heads crushed like rotten apples .	0
the reasons for his death are recorded in the capitol .	0
i have heard that guilty creatures ,  sitting at a play ,  have been so struck to the soul by the very cunning of the scene that presently they have confessed their evil deeds ,  because murder ,  although it is silent ,  will speak with its own most miraculous organ ,  i’ll have these players play something like the murder of my father before my uncle .	0
their shadows are like a deadly canopy ,  under which our army lies ,  ready to die .	0
you are kind .	0
how am i false?	0
be patient ,  i’m telling you .	0
being entertained for a perfumer ,  as i was smoking a musty room ,  comes me the prince and claudio ,  hand in hand ,  in sad conference .	0
there’d be no work .	0
i’m very sensitive ,  and even the smallest bit of rudeness hurts my feelings .	0
listen ,  i hear them .	0
pink for flower .	0
check on your daughter ,  your house ,  your money !	0
i’ll hide behind the tapestry to hear what they say .	0
don’t play any nasty tricks on me .	0
normans ,  but bastard normans ,  norman bastards !	0
i don’t know you .	0
swear priests and cowards and men cautelous ,  old feeble carrions and such suffering souls that welcome wrongs .	0
i’m going to ask her to let me talk to desdemona .	0
tell him so yourself, and see how he will take it from you.	0
but who’s that coming this way ?	0
by mary, sir, because silver has a sweet sound.	0
bear with him ,  brutus .	0
three times today my horse stumbled and started when he looked in the direction of the tower ,  as if he hated to carry me to this slaughterhouse .	0
you are a fishmonger .	0
illo ,  ho ,  ho ,  my lord !	0
if you will take a homely man's advice, be not found here; hence, with your little ones.	0
what ,  all my pretty chickens and their mother at one fell swoop ?	0
does't not go well ?	0
room ,  ho !	0
what have i done ,  that thou darest wag thy tongue in noise so rude against me ?	0
no .	0
get going ,  and hire those horses .	0
which is the merchant here, and which the jew?	0
what is it ,  laertes ?	0
take thy face hence .	0
if it please his majesty, it is the breathing time of day with me.	0
come, go with me.	0
do not you hear a cry ?	0
what was it that you told me today—that your niece beatrice was in love with signior benedick ?	0
hum !	0
a lioness has given birth in the streets; and graves have opened up and given up their dead; fierce fiery warriors fight on the clouds, in ranks and squadrons and right forms of war, which drizzled blood on the capitol; the noise of battle screaming into the air, horses neighed, and dying men groaned;and ghosts shrieked and squealed around the streets.	0
yet here’s a spot .	0
you were best to call them generally, man by man, according to the scrip.	0
i did .	0
come down .	0
well, well, well— pray god it be, sir.	0
everything’s fine ,  now ,  sweetheart .	0
you too ,  fabian .	0
that’s what the prince and my fiancé say .	0
madam, i go with all convenient speed.	0
go to; say no more.	0
i overheard him and his plans .	0
speak one rhyme ,  and i’ll be satisfied .	0
oh ,  young and noble cato ,  have you been slain ?	0
mercy on us !  ” —  “ we’re breaking up ,  we’re breaking up !  ” — ” goodbye ,  my wife and children !  ” —  “ goodbye ,  brother !  ” — ” we’re breaking up ,  we’re breaking up ,  we’re breaking up !  ” — let's all sink with the king .	0
fly not .	0
taurus !	0
none ,  brutus ,  none .	0
what ,  is brutus sick ,  and will he steal out of his wholesome bed to challenge the evil diseases of the night ,  and tempt the thick and unclean air to add to his sickness ?	0
not in love neither ?	0
once there ,  make your thoughts work harder ,  and witness a siege .	0
so fare you well at once ,  for brutus' tongue hath almost ended his life’s history .	0
nay, in all confidence, he's not for rhodes.	0
your evil spirit ,  brutus .	0
my countrymen— silence !	0
my mind is confused .	0
the wit you flaunt is like a blunt sword—it can’t hurt anyone ,  thank god . —my lord ,  i thank you for your many kindnesses .	0
no ,  as i am a christian .	0
we are haunted .	0
who has put in?	0
i must believe my master; else ,  i promise you ,  i should be arguing still upon that doubt .	0
swounds ,  show me what thou'lt do .	0
since he went from egypt ’tis a space for farther travel .	0
sinful macduff ,  they were all struck for thee !	0
therefore ,  patiently and yielding .	0
go, some of you; whoe'er you find attach.	0
by the mass ,  'tis morning; pleasure and action make the hours seem short .	0
my sight was ever thick .	0
if i live to see you get married someday ,  all my wishes will come true .	0
yare ,  lower ,  lower !	0
you praise yourself by laying defects of judgment to me ,  but you patched up your excuses .	0
did you send to him ,  sir ?	0
now is the sun upon the highest hill of this day's journey ,  and from nine till twelve is three long hours ,  yet she’s not back .	0
i need to get othello’s things from the ship .	0
signior lodovico ?	0
thank you.	0
what ,  wilt thou flout me thus unto my face ,  being forbid ?	0
which he will put on us as pigeons feed their young .	0
when he is asleep drunk, or in his rage, or in the incestuous pleasure of his bed, at gaming, swearing, or committing some act that has no element of salvation in it, then attack him, so that his heels may kick at heaven, and that his soul may be as damned and black as hell, where it goes to.	0
no, let me know; and knowing what i am, i know what she shall be.	0
i thank you, madam: give welcome to my friend.— this is the man, this is antonio, to whom i am so infinitely bound.	0
lead the way .	0
how fine my master is!	0
stop !	0
but it can’t help either !	0
o phoebe ,  phoebe ,  phoebe !	0
it would be spoke to.	0
how foolish do your fears seem now ,  calpurnia !	0
well, girl, you are weeping not so much for his death as for the villain who lives who slaughtered him.	0
ay ,  in the temple ,  in the town ,  the field ,  you do something to me .	0
tis so, indeed.	0
my wife!	0
true, my lord.	0
you know my daughter's at a pretty age.	0
damn it, god forbid!	0
ay ,  i do .	0
the last she spake was  “ antony ,  most noble antony !  ”  then in the midst a tearing groan did break the name of antony .	0
get you a place .	0
what else you do know ?	0
remember me . ’ i have sworn't .	0
goodbye ,  good sir .	0
if thou beest trinculo, come forth.	0
away!	0
both with an r .  ah ,  mocker !	0
peace ,  ho !	0
this same skull, sir, was yorick's skull, the king's jester.	0
let every soldier hew him down a bough and bear ’t before him .	0
don’t worry about me.	0
he’s flabby and out of breath . —here ,  hamlet ,  take my handkerchief and wipe your forehead .	0
no safety?	0
terrible .	0
indeed ,  upon my sword ,  indeed .	0
shall we go send them dinners and fresh suits ,  and give their fasting horses provender ,  and after fight with them ?	0
it may be these apparent prodigies ,  the unaccustom'd terror of this night ,  and the persuasion of his augurers may hold him from the capitol today .	0
this hebrew will become a christian: he’s getting kind .	0
yeah ,  you have been a real weasel in your time ,  but i will watch you to keep you from staying up all night now .	0
it is  “ music with her silver sound ”  because musicians have no gold for making sounds .	0
of a certain knight that swore by his honor they were good pancakes ,  and swore by his honor the mustard was naught .	0
but who asked you to join us ?	0
not that i know .	0
no more !	0
send him but hither and i’ll fashion him .	0
this is the sergeant who like a good and hardy soldier fought 'gainst my captivity .	0
i have known her continue in this way for a quarter of an hour.	0
whither goest thou ?	0
life's but a walking shadow ,  a poor player that struts and frets his hour upon the stage and then is heard no more .	0
i see you all are bent to set against me for your merriment .	0
there's more depends on this than on the value .	0
on thursday, sir?	0
that’s what i’ll do.	0
we’ll meet again at nine in the morning .	0
oh ,  i am spoiled ,  undone by villains !	0
i will, and know her mind early to-morrow; to-night she's mew'd up to her heaviness.	0
this ,  casca; this ,  cinna ,  and this ,  metellus cimber .	0
they are sheep and calves which seek out assurance in that.	0
beware of the devil .	0
hold off your hands .	0
they have made themselves agree ,  and that agreement now doesn’t agree with you .	0
be as your thoughts teach you; whatever you are, i am obedient.	0
go make thyself like a nymph o' th' sea .	0
blessed pudding !	0
come hither ,  sirrah .	0
this was a great argument of love in her toward you .	0
i’m serious ,  i can’t .	0
ceres ,  most bounteous lady ,  thy rich leas of wheat ,  rye ,  barley ,  vetches ,  oats ,  and peas; thy turfy mountains ,  where live nibbling sheep ,  and flat meads thatched with stover ,  them to keep; thy banks with pionèd and twillèd brims ,	0
thou liest .	0
no marrying ’mong his subjects ?	0
some dungeon .	0
in youth when i did love, did love, i thought it was very sweet, to contract, o, the time for, ah, my reason, o, i thought there was nothing meet.	0
my will ,  not all the world .	0
this green plot shall be our stage ,  this hawthorn - brake our tiring - house; and we will do it in action ,  as we will do it before the duke .	0
their shadows seem a canopy most fatal, under which our army lies, ready to give up the ghost.	0
then you must say  “ i take thee ,  rosalind ,  for wife .  ”  i take thee ,  rosalind ,  for wife .	0
what o'clock to - morrow shall i send to thee ?	0
by eight o'clock .	0
ay, you have been a mouse-hunt in your time; but i will watch you from such watching now.	0
oh ,  my good master !	0
a good argument; therefore, listen to me, hermia.	0
yes ,  it’s me .	0
what’s going on now about this haunted grove ?	0
what is the matter here ?	0
how low am i, you painted maypole?	0
he’s close by, and pindarus has come to bring you greetings from his master.	0
i tell you ,  he that can lay hold of her shall have the chinks .	0
music ,  hark .	0
prince ,  as thou art true ,  for blood of ours ,  shed blood of montague .	0
he .	0
why ,  how now ,  hecate !	0
we would profane the other dead souls here if we sang the same requiem for her that we sang for them .	0
for your life you durst not .	0
this king knows, and you must have heard, how i am punished with a painful madness.	0
eyes ,  do you see ?	0
good sir, be a man; do you think every bearded fellow that wears a harness may be driven by you?	0
doth not  ay ,  nurse ,  what of that ?	0
what about that?	0
mustardseed.	0
it proves not so.	0
virtue itself 'scapes not calumnious strokes .	0
here in the tent .	0
you a similar loss!	0
he was in a good mood ,  and then suddenly he started thinking of rome .	0
if that may be then all is well .	0
i took your hands in friendship ,  but ,  indeed ,  i was distracted when i looked down at caesar .	0
can your man keep a secret ?	0
truly ,  the tree yields bad fruit .	0
if you should die before him ,  where’s her dower ?	0
were not you even now with the countess olivia ?	0
indeed he is not fit .	0
that you do love me ,  i am nothing jealous; what you would work me to ,  i have some aim .	0
i’d rather adopt a child than have one of my own . —come here ,  moor .	0
sir ,  'tis your brother cassius at the door ,  who doth desire to see you .	0
o sweet my mother, cast me not away!	0
farewell ,  my lord .	0
what’s the matter ?	0
refuse not ,  mighty lord ,  this proffered love .	0
he that is giddy thinks the world turns round ” — i pray you ,  tell me what you meant by that .	0
but silence; here comes thisbe.	0
nay ,  we will all of us be there to fetch him .	0
no one hardly asks who the dead man's knell is for, and good men's lives expire before the flowers in their caps, dying before the flowers show signs of sickness.	0
a tanner will last you nine year.	0
well ,  all is one .	0
their battles are at hand; they mean to warn us at philippi here ,  answering before we do demand of them .	0
all which ,  sir ,  though i most powerfully and potently believe ,  yet i hold it not honesty to have it thus set down; for you yourself ,  sir ,  shall grow old as i am if ,  if like a crab ,  you could go backward .	0
ready.	0
i was ,  but i do find more pain in banishment than death can yield me here by my abode .	0
who’s there ?	0
so everyone goes off into the world except me ,  who stays in because i’m sunburned .	0
make me believe it ?	0
hear me ,  good friends—	0
myself have letters of the selfsame tenure.	0
the devil speaks in him.	0
did i not meet thy friends ?	0
a gentleman .	0
i’ll do that .	0
is this true, nerissa?	0
no marvel though she pause; they can be meek that have no other cause .	0
his freedom is full of threats to everyone ,  to you yourself ,  to us ,  to every one .	0
what less than doomsday is the prince's doom?	0
listen, can you hear me?	0
oh ,  there has been much throwing about of brains .	0
then burst his mighty heart, and, in his mantle muffling up his face, even at the base of pompey's statue, which all the while ran blood, great caesar fell.	0
then his mighty heart burst ,  and ,  in his cloak covering up his face ,  even at the base of pompey's statue ,  which was covered in blood ,  great caesar fell .	0
i go, i go; look how i go,— swifter than an arrow from the barbarian’s bow.	0
how fine my master is !	0
i’m always happy to hear about brave men .	0
if you could ,  you couldn’t bring him back to life .	0
look on the tragic loading of this bed; this is thy work.	0
what’s she trying to say ?	0
o cousin, cousin!	0
i’ll not endure it .	0
the lover ,  all as frantic ,  sees helen's beauty in a brow of egypt .	0
do you know where we may catch her and the moor?	0
only ,  peace !	0
o stephano ,  hast any more of this ?	0
i pull in resolution and begin to doubt the equivocation of the fiend that lies like truth .	0
nay ,  pray you throw none away .	0
me ,   “ greedy ”  !	0
farewell .	0
the trick of that voice i do well remember .	0
love ?	0
do you like me ,  kate ?	0
well ,  there they are .	0
is't possible a young maid's wits should be as mortal as an old man's life ?	0
hang him, jack!	0
damned as you are, you have cast a spell on her; because i'll restore myself to all things of sense, if she wasn’t bound in chains of magic, would a maid so tender, beautiful, and happy, so opposed to marriage that she shunned the wealthy, curled darlings of our country, would she ever have, to merit a public joke, run from her father to the black bosom of a thing such as you, to fear, not to delight in?	0
why ,  that’s the coroner’s finding .	0
may god in his mercy forgive you .	0
her body sleeps in the capulet tomb ,  and her immortal soul lives with the angels in heaven .	0
i beg you, sir, go outside, and give us truth about who it is that has arrived.	0
i shall .	0
that courtesy would be uncleanly if courtiers were shepherds .	0
madam, how like you this play?	0
dissolve ,  thick cloud ,  and rain ,  that i may say the gods themselves do weep !	0
fear it, ophelia, fear it, my dear sister, and keep your affections deep within you, out of the range and danger of desire.	0
fellow, come from the throng; look upon caesar.	0
don’t look for your noble father on the ground forever with sad eyes .	0
look ,  here’s the necklace .	0
if either of you were a prince’s son ,  and you were imprisoned as i am now ,  and two murderers like yourselves came to you—wouldn’t you beg for your life ?	0
i think it’s yours indeed ,  for you lie in it .	0
to my sick soul, as sin's true nature is, each toy seems prologue to some great amiss.	0
help to dress me ,  good coz ,  good meg ,  good ursula .	0
i hate him because he is a christian; but more ,  because ,  in his low simplicity ,  he lends out money free ,  and brings down the rate of interest with us here in venice .	0
you mean a devil !	0
i have heard where many of the best respect in rome ,  except immortal caesar ,  speaking of brutus and groaning underneath this age’s yoke ,  have wished that noble brutus had his eyes .	0
i did.	0
or if it did not ,  your first is dead ,  or ’twere as good he were ,  as living here and you no use of him .	0
macbeth!	0
thanks for being on time .	0
when a great leader dies he doesn’t die alone but ,  like a whirlpool ,  draws others with him .	0
then don’t move while i take my prayer's answer .	0
what is the cause, laertes, that thy rebellion looks so giant-like?	0
nor the soles of her shoe?	0
how sometimes his replies are !	0
help, ho!	0
so how can anyone say i’m alone ,  when the whole world is here to look at me ?	0
madam ,  if i do as well as i think i’m going to do in these dangerous ,  violent wars ,  you and your relatives will have more good at my hands than you’ve ever had bad !	0
my lord bassanio ,  and my gentle lady ,  i wish you all the joy that you can wish for yourselves; because i am sure you can’t wish any from me; and when you two mean to make the bargain of your vows solemn ,  please ,  even then ,  let me be married too .	0
speak yet again .	0
i dare lay any money ’twill be nothing yet .	0
with my meaning ,  sir ,  however you want to say it .	0
and my help .	0
the shame itself doth speak for instant remedy .	0
alas ,  our poor country !	0
a plague upon this howling !	0
no man born from a woman will ever defeat you .  ”  so get out of here ,  disloyal thanes ,  and join the weak and decadent english !	0
when he couldn’t what ?	0
your worship's friend and launcelot ,  sir .	0
even though she’s as similar to goneril as one crabapple is like another ,  still… i know what i know .	0
i fear your disposition .	0
o ,  but one word .	0
i am sure no man hath any quarrel to me .	0
is this possible ,  my lord ?	0
good friend ,  be gone .	0
ay, for the state; not for antonio.	0
here, catch this casket; it is worth the pains.	0
foolish girl ,  in the eyes of most people this man’s a caliban ,  and compared to him ,  they’re angels .	0
ah ,  leave it alone .	0
your magic spell has such an effect on them that if you saw them now ,  you’d feel sorry for them .	0
but, look you, cassius, the angry spot doth glow on caesar's brow, and all the rest look like a chidden train: calpurnia's cheek is pale, and cicero looks with such ferret and such fiery eyes as we have seen him in the capitol, being cross'd in conference by some senators.	0
you listen: your romeo will be here at night .	0
why, sir, cobble you.	0
o, i cry you mercy!	0
before i started seeing lysander, athens seemed like a paradise to me.	0
who maintains 'em ?	0
lips ,  do not move; no man must know .  ”	0
master ,  i am here entered in bond for you .	0
what concern they ?	0
oh, my antonio!	0
no ,  cassio is not killed .	0
you get only one round .	0
by mary ,  before your ladyship ,  i grant ,  she puts her voice a little in her heart ,  and scolds by thinking .	0
hello ,  brother edmund .	0
must i bite ?	0
why ,  she’s inside .	0
oh ,  if only my smiles could inspire love as effectively as your frowns !	0
i am very proud ,  revengeful ,  ambitious ,  with more offences at my beck than i have thoughts to put them in ,  imagination to give them shape ,  or time to act them in .	0
what you told me it haunts me like a nightmare—he’s got my handkerchief !	0
but come ,  i'll tell thee all my whole device when i am in my coach ,  which stays for us at the park gate; and therefore haste away ,  for we must measure twenty miles to - day .	0
but thou wouldst not think how ill all's here about my heart .	0
o good antonio ,  forgive me your trouble .	0
let her witness it .	0
it fits when such a villain is a guest .	0
only antony was at fault .	0
the night air is too raw and cold for us to stay outdoors .	0
give me mine armor .	0
i didn’t hear anything .	0
look you ,  sir ,  inquire me first what danskers are in paris ,  and how ,  and who ,  what means ,  and where they keep ,  what company ,  at what expense; and finding by this encompassment and drift of question that they do know my son ,  come you more nearer than your particular demands will touch it .	0
o, how my heart abhors to hear him nam'd and cannot come to him, to wreak the love i bore my cousin tybalt upon his body that hath slaughter'd him!	0
old montague is come and flourishes his blade in spite of me.	0
o ,  for shame !	0
where is my lord ?	0
what is thy name ,  young man ?	0
and know it now ,  the senate have concluded to give this day a crown to mighty caesar .	0
the word is too good to paint out her wickedness .	0
he called her a whore so many times ,  and heaped up so much abuse on her that good people can’t stand to hear it .	0
once more, i’m leaving.	0
the nine muses mourning the death of learning and scholarship .  ”  that’s some sharp ,  critical satire ,  and it’s not appropriate for a wedding .	0
confess, and love, had been the very sum of my confession: o happy torment, when my torturer doth teach me answers for deliverance!	0
shall i strike at it with my partisan ?	0
send one presently to sir toby .	0
banquo ,  thy soul’s flight ,  if it find heaven ,  must find it out tonight .	0
who ,  me ?	0
it’s bitter cold, and i’m depressed.	0
in belmont, there is a rich heiress and she is beautiful and, more beautiful than that word, she has wonderful virtues.	0
look !	0
i want more uncles here to welcome me .	0
false ,  false .	0
tomorrow is wednesday .	0
what does romeo say ?	0
for mine own part ,  i shall be glad to learn of noble men .	0
it is that .	0
the foul’st best fits my latter part of life .	0
we will, my lord.	0
tis much he dares ,  and ,  to that dauntless temper of his mind ,  he hath a wisdom that doth guide his valor to act in safety .	0
iago ?	0
a woman who was beautiful but never proud ,  who could speak well but knew when to be quiet ,  who dressed well but was never overdressed ,  who had self - restraint even when she could get what she wanted ,  a woman who never took revenge ,  who overlooked it when people hurt her ,  who was too wise to do anything stupid ,  who could think without revealing her thoughts ,  and who could refrain from flirting with men in love with her ,  that kind of woman ,  if she ever existed ,  would— would do what ?	0
at every house i’ll call .	0
good night, good brother.	0
is that the uttermost ?	0
i’d have thee live ,  for in my sense ’tis happiness to die .	0
wherefore ?	0
he shall enlarge him .	0
the money you owe me for the necklace .	0
did you hear a noise ?	0
be not afeard .	0
yes, but not to die yet.	0
how long do you plan to stay here in this forest ?	0
if his hidden guilt don’t show itself in that one speech ,  it is a false ghost that we have seen ,  and my imaginations are as unstable as god of fire’s anvil .	0
come, sir, i will fight you.	0
who's there?	0
yes ,  kind sister .	0
so, good night to you all.	0
and isn’t, then, well served with a sweet goose?	0
a cat in heat will look for a mate ,  and rosalind certainly will too .	0
here’s a change indeed !	0
what is he ,  biondello ?	0
will you be committed to my hopes, if i depend on you?	0
ay ,  but i fear you speak upon the rack ,  where men enforced do speak anything .	0
it must appear in other ways than words ,  therefore i scant this breathing courtesy .	0
if any, speak, for him have i offended.	0
o villain!	0
are you answered ?	0
alack ,  i had forgotten .	0
you blush bright red as soon as you hear any news .	0
buckingham ,  i need to have a word with you .	0
come ,  gertrude ,  we'll call up our wisest friends ,  and let them know both what we mean to do and what's done at an unfortunate time .	0
no ,  but he chattered on ,  and spoke such scurvy and provoking terms against your honor ,  that ,  with the little godliness i have ,  i worked hard to tolerate him .	0
what do you say then, would heart of man once think it?	0
no place indeed should murder sanctuarize; revenge should have no bounds .	0
in bed asleep ,  while they do dream things true .	0
didst thou not kill this king ?	0
my father’s dead ,  and his fortune is mine now .	0
spout ,  rain !	0
in those freckles live their savors .	0
are these the wretches that we threw dice for ?	0
ay, honest.	0
i hear some noise within .	0
he hath ,  my lord .	0
the senate has concluded to give a crown to mighty caesar this day.	0
by our lady, your ladyship is taller than when i saw you last, by the height of a high-heeled shoe.	0
the kinder we ,  to give them thanks for nothing .	0
out ,  prostitute !	0
take you me for a sponge, my lord?	0
but where’s my fool ?	0
i am your spaniel ,  and ,  demetrius ,  the more you beat me ,  the more i will wag my tail for you .	0
oh ,  to think you’ve been rejected !	0
over there ,  sir ,  he’s walking .	0
he is positively stuffed with honorable virtues .	0
tell me anything you remember .	0
what did i do wrong ?	0
stay !	0
go ahead ,  then .	0
i am glad of your departure .	0
well ,  if you have to go ,  you have to go .	0
we have scorched the snake ,  not killed it .	0
listen !	0
it shines everywhere .	0
i thank you for your pains and courtesy .	0
passing the bottle] here, kiss the book [gives trinculo a drink].	0
thy evil spirit ,  brutus .	0
what’s it to you ?	0
will you kill yourself?	0
and so do i too, lieutenant.	0
meagre were his looks, sharp misery had worn him to the bones; and in his needy shop a tortoise hung, an alligator stuff'd, and other skins of ill-shaped fishes; and about his shelves a beggarly account of empty boxes, green earthen pots, bladders, and musty seeds, remnants of packthread, and old cakes of roses were thinly scattered, to make up a show.	0
it looks great .	0
and see that you write these few precepts in your memory .	0
nay ,  come ,  i pray you ,  sir ,  give me the chain .	0
put your hat to its right use.	0
i need people as trustworthy as you .	0
mistress ,  i swear on my life that it’s true .	0
and i of all ladies most dejected and wretched that has tasted the honey of his musical vows, now see that noble and most royal mind, like sweet bells jangling, out of tune and harsh to hear, that form and feature of blown youth without equal totally crazy.	0
who is the man who can explain this to me ?	0
you opposed my taking part in the war .	0
you’ll be back at two o'clock ?	0
ay ,  marry ,  are they ,  sir .	0
he’d begged me to steal it many times .	0
very well .	0
yes, they are.	0
did she give up all those chances to marry noblemen ,  give up her father and country and friends ,  just to be called a whore ?	0
do not doubt ,  cassio ,  but i will have my lord and you again as friendly as you were .	0
sleep for a week ,  because tonight ,  i guarantee ,  count paris has set up his rest so that you shall rest but little .	0
here on his manly breast .	0
in that case you should sleep .	0
goodbye .	0
then love me ,  rosalind .	0
niggard of question ,  but of our demands most free in his reply .	0
o brave iago ,  honest and just ,  that have such noble sense of your friend's wrong !	0
i charge thee ,  speak !	0
the one the other poisoned for my sake ,  and after slew herself .	0
o noble sir !	0
so, jew, though justice is your plea, consider this, that if we all got justice, none of us would see salvation; we pray for mercy, and that same prayer teaches us all to do the deeds of mercy.	0
go tell your mistress that ,  when my drink is ready ,  she should ring the bell .	0
romeo!	0
she hath the stones upon her ,  and the ducats .  ”  why ,  all the boys in venice follow him ,  crying ,   “ his stones ,  his daughter ,  and his ducats !  ”	0
we will .	0
let romeo go quickly away from here, or else, when he is found, that hour is his last.	0
titania ,  music call; and strike more dead than common sleep of all these five the sense .	0
why are you breathless, and why are you staring like that?	0
ruining his meals ,  his enjoyment ,  and his sleep would drive any man or beast mad .	0
how now ,  mistress ?	0
if he will not stand when he is bidden ,  he is none of the prince’s subjects .	0
is my lord angry ?	0
mercy only murders us, pardoning those that kill.	0
be on guard duty tonight .	0
no one but a holy hermit and her maid.	0
the dance done ,  i'll watch to see where she’ll stand ,  and ,  touching her hand ,  will make blessed my rude hand .	0
what should it be, that they so shriek abroad?	0
it is gone !	0
passionate ”  ?	0
well ,  i’ll go hide the body in some hole until the duke gives orders for his burial .	0
maybe until after theseus' wedding-day.	0
is it your own inclining ?	0
you have the best sorts of happiness to enjoy .	0
yet caesar shall go forth ,  for these predictions are to the world in general as to caesar .	0
pain ,  yes indeed .	0
watch him .	0
are you so hasty now ?	0
there are some shrewd contents in yon same paper ,  that steals the colour from bassanio's cheek; some dear friend dead; else nothing in the world could turn so much the constitution of any constant man .	0
how is it with her ?	0
o noble judge !	0
goodbye ,  dear father .	0
a halter gratis; nothing else, for god's sake!	0
to celebrate a contract of true love ,  and to bestow some free gifts on the blessed lovers .	0
that i’ll try .	0
if the other two are as loopy as we are ,  our country’s in bad shape .	0
ha !	0
despis'd ,  distressed ,  hated ,  martyr'd ,  kill'd !	0
now, most noble brutus, the gods are friendly today, so that we may, friends in peace, increase our days to old age!	0
here's someone comes in his shirt, with light and weapons.	0
o jew!	0
if partially affined, or leagued in office, thou dost deliver more or less than truth, thou art no soldier.	0
will you come to bed, my lord?	0
lucius!—fast asleep?	0
but ,  sir ,  such answer as i can make ,  you shall command; or rather ,  as you say ,  my mother .	0
to you i am bound for life and education; my life and education both do learn me how to respect you; you are the lord of duty, i am hitherto your daughter.	0
i have nothing to say to you .	0
as i remember, this should be the house.	0
we wish your peace .	0
i will fetch off my bottle ,  although i’ll be head over heels in muck for my efforts .	0
start walking ,  and i’ll follow you with a new ,  fired up heart ,  to do i don’t know what ,  but it’s enough that brutus leads me on .	0
bring us some wine !	0
why doesn’t then make our eyelids close?	0
till then sit still ,  my soul .	0
you are full of pretty answers .	0
my lord, i don’t know that i did cry.	0
no, i can only make a joke for a specific occasion.	0
i don’t deny it .	0
nay ,  he reserved a blanket ,  else we had been all shamed .	0
what is thisbe ?	0
sweet friends ,  your patience for my long abode .	0
o iago !	0
have you written the lion's part ?	0
graze where you will ,  you shall not house with me .	0
song] you spotted snakes with double tongue ,  thorny hedgehogs ,  be not seen; newts and blind - worms ,  do no wrong ,  come not near our fairy queen .	0
and a chain ,  that you once wore ,  about his neck .	0
he is hid at lawrence' cell .	0
what features ?	0
i kiss the instrument of their desires.	0
and like similar forecasters of fierce events ,  as the advance team before the fates ,  and prologue to the omen coming on ,  heaven and earth have together demonstrated to our country and countrymen .	0
how now, spirit!	0
night hangs upon mine eyes ,  my bones would rest that have but labor'd to attain this hour .	0
what sayst thou ,  my dear nurse ?	0
how is it with her?	0
who's there ?	0
wasn’t it yesterday we spoke together ?	0
it’s probably some noble gentleman stopping off in mid - journey ,  thinking to spend the night here .	0
i came from corinth ,  your highness .	0
both ?	0
to know what my errand is, madam.	0
meantime forbear, and let mischance be slave to patience.	0
but ,  hang on !	0
well ,  i hope you see things are done well there ,  adieu !	0
well done !	0
i doubt some foul play .	0
my lord .	0
where should they come?	0
the king and queen and all are coming down .	0
and i think this is his house .	0
oh ,  she’s slow !	0
let me talk ,  good lady .	0
o god ,  your only jig - maker !	0
i don’t know why he’s come here .	0
let’s mock the midnight bell .	0
not true ,  not true .	0
master ,  go on ,  and i will follow thee to the last gasp ,  with truth and loyalty .	0
that’s true .	0
boy !	0
oh ,  dear .	0
what, my young lady and mistress!	0
demand.	0
what did he do that made him flee this land ?	0
and ,  good boy ,  good night .	0
now die, die, die, die, die.	0
i am very glad of it; i'll plague him ,  i'll torture him; i am glad of it .	0
thanks ,  dear my lord .	0
you are what’s left of the noblest man that ever lived .	0
get to bed .	0
snakes shed their skin there ,  and the shed skin is wide enough to wrap a fairy in .	0
and to see how he prizes the fool- ish woman your wife!	0
captain ,  i thee beseech to do me favors .	0
things for the cook ,  sir; but i don’t know what .	0
by heaven i charge thee speak !	0
believe me ,  love ,  it was the nightingale .	0
do you know me ,  father ?	0
i have received a hurt .	0
not at all ,  not at all .	0
oh ,  wonderful !	0
in truth, i know it is a sin to be a mocker, but him!	0
go away .	0
i have no hope that he's undrowned.	0
there are ten thousand— geese ,  you idiot ?	0
far from this country pindarus shall run, where never roman shall take note of him.	0
ha, ha!	0
oh my ,  my bones ache so much .	0
i do not know from what part of the world i should be greeted, if not from lord hamlet.	0
is my lord angry ?	0
error i' the bill ,  sir ,  error i' the bill !	0
will you pleasure me?	0
i'll follow ,  stephano .	0
goodbye .	0
i have an interest in your hate's proceeding, my blood for your rude brawls doth lie ableeding; but i'll amerce you with so strong a fine that you shall all repent the loss of mine.	0
you make me happy: i am full of pleasure.	0
let me see now ,	0
zounds ,  sir ,  you are one of those who wouldn’t serve god if the devil asked you to .	0
when the sun sets, the air drizzles dew, but for the funeral of my brother's son it pours rain.	0
a cry more tuneable was never called to, or cheered with a horn, in crete, in sparta, or in thessaly.	0
some to ligarius' .	0
romeo ,  i’m coming !	0
e'en so, my lord.	0
oh ,  now you weep ,  and i sense that you feel pity .	0
because their business lies outside the home .	0
damn ,  damn you ,  prostitute !	0
they would not have you to stir forth today .	0
i pray thee ,  do not mock me ,  fellow student .	0
yes ,  on the front .	0
are you ready ,  sir ?	0
then i have offended none .	0
come, go with me.	0
my excellent good friends!	0
come, stand not amazed at it, but go along with me; i will show you such a necessity in his death that you shall think yourself bound to kill him.	0
why ,  what are you afraid of ?	0
bear welcome in your eye ,  your hand ,  your tongue .	0
these lying down and these lowly courtesies might move ordinary men, and turn previous laws and the first decree into the laws of children.	0
love will give me strength ,  and strength will help me accomplish this plan .	0
if there’s anyone in this assembly ,  any dear friend of caesar’s ,  i say to him that my love for caesar was no less than his .	0
madam ,  it so fell out ,  that certain players we o'erraught on the way .	0
you aren’t joking ?	0
damn!	0
i do but keep the peace .	0
get your costumes together; good strings to your beards ,  new ribbons to your shoes; meet presently at the palace; every man look over his part; for the short and the long of it is ,  they want to see our play .	0
shame on this day !	0
great tyranny ,  lay thou thy basis sure ,  for goodness dare not check thee .	0
demetrius is a worthy gentleman.	0
good thou ,  save me a piece of marchpane and ,  as thou lovest me ,  let the porter let in susan grindstone and nell .	0
no faithful subject ever rejoiced more at the discovery of most dangerous treason than i now rejoice that i was thwarted in a damnable undertaking .	0
nerissa’s got the right idea .	0
i have forgot that name ,  and that name's woe .	0
i’ll drink it if i like .	0
for ,  look you ,  how cheerfully my mother looks ,  and my father died within's two hours .	0
so can i.	0
and let me the small drink clink ,  clink; and let me the small drink clink .	0
stop fooling around .	0
i would i knew thy heart .	0
she stood and spake .	0
soundly ,  my lord .	0
no, nothing but ourselves.	0
how do you and your master get along?	0
yea ,  art thou there ?	0
a double blessing is a double grace; occasion smiles upon a second leave .	0
good-night, lieutenant; i must get going to the guard.	0
which soon he granted ,  being an obstruct ’tween his lust and him .	0
denmark's a prison .	0
oh ,  help ,  ho !	0
i will lower my voice .	0
our noblemen are battling bravely .	0
i prithee speak to me as to thy thinkings ,  as thou dost ruminate ,  and give thy worst of thoughts the worst of words .	0
this is the inventory of the money ,  silverware ,  dishes ,  and jewels that are still in my possession .	0
bring it after me.	0
and yet you’re the one who wants to teach me about restraint !	0
three of the carriages ,  in faith ,  are very dear to fancy ,  very responsive to the hilts ,  most delicate carriages ,  and of very liberal conceit .	0
well, more anon.	0
ten masts at each make not the altitude which thou hast perpendicularly fell .	0
if ever i did dream of such a matter ,  abhor me .	0
come ,  antony and young octavius ,  come ,  revenge yourselves alone on cassius ,  because cassius is weary of the world ,  hated by a friend he loves; threatened by his brother; attacked like a slave; all his faults noted ,  set in a note - book ,  learned and memorized by heart ,  to throw back into my face .	0
casca, i can tell by your voice.	0
the taper burneth in your closet, sir.	0
if we do meet again, we'll smile indeed; if not, 'tis true this parting was well made.	0
i think i see you, now you are below me, looking like someone dead in the bottom of a tomb.	0
what ,  no more ceremony ?	0
from silvius ,  sir .	0
don’t think of any beauty but the beauty of rosalind .	0
that’s like hot ice and wondrous strange snow.	0
a man may fish with the worm that has eaten a king, and eat the fish that has fed on that worm.	0
he said ,   “ remember me .  ”  i swore i would .	0
i’m not feeling well ,  and that’s all .	0
o earth!	0
you ,  nick bottom ,  have been cast as pyramus .	0
but like a misbehaved ,  sullen girl ,  you’re whining about your bad luck and your love .	0
aside .	0
and you, gratiano, are you sincere?	0
alas ,  alas !	0
come ,  bid me do anything for thee .	0
what's here?	0
why, such is love's transgression.	0
i know my hour is come.	0
lady ,  come out of the tomb .	0
come on ,  come on .	0
where is thy blush ?	0
demand .	0
whither are you going ?	0
back when i was a schoolboy ,  if i lost an arrow i would try to find it by shooting another arrow in the same direction ,  watching the second arrow more carefully than i had the first .	0
lend thine ear .	0
now i change my mind ,  and partly credit things that have been predicted .	0
love ?	0
go ,  get thee to thy love ,  as was decreed .	0
o good horatio, i'll take the ghost's word for a thousand pound!	0
was i with you there for the goose ?	0
let’s join them, since our predicament is the same as theirs.	0
night hangs on my eyes; my bones that have only labored to attain this hour want to rest.	0
what are they ,  i beseech your ladyship ?	0
well ,  did you think about what i said ?	0
this is the matter, nurse, leave us alone a while, we must talk in secret.	0
trust me, carthage.	0
i’ll tell you in your ear .	0
but you’re not listening to me .	0
who will go with me ?	0
the great contention of the sea and skies parted our fellowship—but ,  hark !	0
filth ,  you lie !	0
wouldst thou do such a deed for all the world ?	0
have you found my daughter ?	0
how comes that ?	0
shall i entreat a word ?	0
hence !	0
i don’t, until you use them on me.	0
be kind and polite to this gentleman .	0
o traitors ,  villains !	0
o gull!	0
what sum owes he the jew?	0
answer me .	0
how is lieutenant cassio ?	0
i guarantee you.	0
now ,  infidel ,  i have you at a disadvantage .	0
the king isn’t the one sending you to the tower ,  clarence .	0
the king ,  the king’s to blame .	0
yea ,  just so much as you may take upon a knife’s point and choke a daw withal .	0
this is the motley - minded gentleman that i have so often met in the forest .	0
oh ,  that that earth ,  which kept the world in awe ,  should patch a wall t' expel the winter’s flaw !	0
fill the cup ,  lucius ,  until the wine overflows; i can’t drink too much of brutus' friendship .	0
thus have you heard me severed from my bliss; that by misfortunes was my life prolonged to tell sad stories of my own mishaps .	0
you must not look so sour .	0
nothing .	0
i mean ,  is the jay more precious than the lark because his feather is more beautiful ?	0
twas never merry world since lowly feigning was call’d compliment .	0
come ,  let’s away .	0
my daughter tells us all .	0
how fares our cousin hamlet ?	0
i will frown as i pass by ,  and let them take it as they list .	0
here’s more insanity for us .	0
why ,  ‘one fair daughter ,  and no more ,  the which he loved passing well . ’ still on my daughter .	0
good sir ,  stay close to me .	0
i dare damnation .	0
you are not wood ,  you are not stones ,  but men; and ,  being men ,  hearing the will of caesar ,  it will inflame you ,  it will make you mad .	0
what is it ?	0
ha!	0
i’ll tell you later what i’ve thought about this and about these times,; for now, please don’t to try to persuade me any further.	0
let me see this face.	0
it is a common thing… ha !	0
thy husband knew it all .	0
give me your first ,  mr .  mustardseed .	0
i hope my noble lord esteems me honest .	0
ay ,  lady ,  it was my word .	0
peace ,  you mumbling fool !	0
oh ,  these men ,  these men !	0
take him off to jail !	0
come ,  bring me where they are .	0
to all and him we thirst, and all to all.	0
now ,  in good sadness ,  son petruchio ,  i think thou hast the veriest shrew of all .	0
then thus: baptista is safe ,  talking with the deceiving father of a deceitful son .	0
do i wrong my enemies ?	0
lend me your hand .	0
ay ,  sir ,  i have a pretty wit .	0
but for his purpose in the coronation ,  i have not sounded him ,  nor he delivered his gracious pleasure any way therein .	0
tear him ,  tear him !	0
not i ,  unless the breath of heartsick groans ,  mistlike ,  infold me from the search of eyes .	0
precious villain!	0
ay ,  too gentle .	0
is the execution of cawdor carried out ?	0
nay ,  very pale .	0
pluck them asunder .	0
i’ll hire you again to go back to rome .	0
i have heard the rooster, that is the trumpet of the morning, with his lofty and shrill-sounding throat, awakes the god of day, and, at his warning, whether in sea or fire, in earth or air, the straying and wandering spirit hurries back to his grave.	0
what of that?	0
but my uncle-father and aunt- mother are deceived.	0
barnardo ?	0
madam ,  i come to whet your gentle thoughts on his behalf .	0
yes ,  petruchio .	0
all these quarrels are about me .	0
why ,  the enemy is loud .	0
buzz, buzz!	0
that's not so good now.	0
how are you and your master getting along ?	0
if she be black ,  and thereto have a wit ,  she'll find a white that shall her blackness fit .	0
why ,  why is this ?	0
she will have a seat—you heard my daughter tell you how .	0
why ,  you speak truth .	0
or have we eaten some plant root that makes us hallucinate ?	0
i’m not talking with you .	0
i think about it ,  i think ,  i smell it ; o villainy !	0
your eyes look threatening .	0
i'll send a messenger to someone in mantua ,  where that same banished runaway lives ,  and he shall give him such an unusual vial of medicine that he will soon keep tybalt company ,  and then i hope you’ll be satisfied .	0
here ,  as i point my sword ,  the sun arises ,  which is a great way growing on the south ,  weighing the youthful season of the year .	0
when has anyone ever put you down like that .	0
where are you going ?	0
this even - handed justice commends the ingredients of our poison'd chalice to our own lips .	0
how excellent for antony !	0
i shall entreat him to answer like himself .	0
he hath disgraced me and hindered me half a million ,  laughed at my losses ,  mocked at my gains ,  scorned my nation ,  thwarted my bargains ,  cooled my friends ,  heated mine enemies—and what’s his reason ?	0
and now you’re asking for money .	0
where art thou ,  proud demetrius ?	0
why not ?	0
in the first act he is an infant ,  whimpering and puking in his nurse’s arms .	0
o lord ,  methought what pain it was to drown ,  what dreadful noise of waters in my ears ,  what sights of ugly death within my eyes .	0
sweet, so do i.	0
his passport shall be made ,  and crowns for convoy put into his purse .	0
what dangers are you trying to lead me into ,  cassius ,  that you want me to look inside myself for something that’s not there ?	0
lady!	0
brutus speaks.	0
i do not wish to be the villain that you may think ,  for the whole space that's in the tyrant's grasp and the rich east to boot .	0
they are all forth; well ,  i will walk myself to county paris ,  to prepare him up against to - morrow .	0
love takes the meaning in love's conversation.	0
o ,  farewell !	0
i would have sworn that ,  too ,  my lord ,  especially against benedick .	0
me too .	0
quiet!	0
he was the captain of a flimsy boat that was practically worthless because it was so small .	0
pindarus shall run far from this country, where no roman shall ever notice him.	0
no ,  noble mistress ,  ’tis fresh morning with me when you are by at night .	0
and now, octavius, listen to great things.	0
what ,  are you mad that you do reason so ?	0
what players are they ?	0
ay ,  and wisely .	0
i have to get to the barber's, sir, because i think i have an awful lot of hair on my face, and i am such a sensitive donkey, that i must scratch even if my hair only tickles me a little.	0
that done ,  i will be walking on the works ,  repair there to me .	0
an they be not ,  let them hang themselves in their own straps .	0
out ,  treacherous villain !	0
do my simple features please you ?	0
go, begone.	0
will she go now to bed ?	0
by heaven i charge thee speak!	0
mistress and master ,  you’ve often asked about that lovelorn shepherd you once saw me sitting with ,  the one who complained about the disdainful shepherdess he was in love with .	0
go ,  call him hither ,  boy   no more shall be the neighbor to my counsels hath he so long held out with me ,  untired ,  and stops he now for breath ?	0
i’m terribly sleepy .	0
you are an ass ,  you are an ass !	0
but come at once, because the night is running away, and we are waited for at bassanio's feast.	0
go away and stay apart from me .	0
in your dumps ?	0
it’s cheap and nasty !	0
back so soon ?	0
who was it ?	0
that’s cassio’s voice .	0
and then his clerk ,  who went to a lot of trouble with the writing ,  begged for mine .	0
lo, here i lie, never to rise again.	0
why,“one fair daughter, and no more, the which he loved passing well.” still harping on my daughter.	0
over there, sir, he’s walking.	0
if you can think of any crime not yet confessed to heaven and grace ,  do it right away .	0
i serve you ,  madam .	0
i desire your more acquaintance ,  good master mustardseed .	0
ay ,  husband .	0
say to the king i would attend his leisure for a few words.	0
what’s the news with thee ?	0
but you’re not quickly motivated to hit .	0
my poverty agrees to take it ,  but not my will .	0
he doesn’t lie like the living .	0
and will he not come again ?	0
get him to say his prayers ,  good sir toby ,  get him to pray .	0
and now i have the boy ,  i will undo this hateful imperfection of her eyes .	0
welcome ,  my friends .	0
i may say, thrusting it, because piercing steel and poison darts shall be as welcome to the ears of brutus as the news of this sight.	0
i’ve done a bad thing ,  for which i will blame myself so much that i’ll never be happy again .	0
for many miles about there’s scarce a bush .	0
of laertes ?	0
i must remove some thousands of these logs and pile them up ,  upon a sore injunction .	0
whatever you see first when you wake up ,  think of it as your true love .	0
i humbly beseech you ,  proceed to th' affairs of state .	0
farewell ,  for i must leave you .	0
oh ,  come apace ,  dispatch !	0
though all things foul would wear the brows of grace ,  yet grace must still look so .	0
one ,  so they can save the money they spent on hairstyling ,  and two ,  so that when their hair falls out it doesn’t land in their dinner .	0
here ,  here comes master signior leonato ,  and the sexton too .	0
away !	0
a daughter ?	0
why he more than another ?	0
o my dear gertrude ,  this ,  like to a murdering - piece ,  in many places gives me superfluous death .	0
and hot as ginger .	0
a plague o' both your houses !	0
i swear, my honored lord, it is true, and we thought it was our duty to let you know about it.	0
that's certain ,  if the devil may be her judge .	0
will you know them then?	0
i will bestow you where you shall have time to speak your bosom freely .	0
please don’t play games .	0
alas, that love, so gentle in his promise, should be so tyrannous and rough in reality!	0
it doesn’t matter that i hit him first .	0
we don’t intend to harm you ,  or any other roman .	0
what's his weapon ?	0
i do but stay till your marriage be consummate ,  and then go i toward aragon .	0
so if four negatives make two affirmatives ,  i’m worse off because of my friends and better off because of my foes .	0
that’s good advice .	0
out, dog!	0
what said popilius lena ?	0
moon - calf ,  speak once in thy life ,  if thou beest a good moon - calf .	0
i believe it won’t stop moving and stand upright till richard wears the wreath of the realm .	0
if you rightly think about the matter ,  caesar has had great wrong done to him .	0
now ,  before god ,  everyone in our whole city is much bound to this reverend holy friar .	0
with what i get ,  i mean ,  and so do they .	0
he’s been captured or killed .	0
proud can i never be of what i hate ,  but thankful even for hate that is meant love .	0
we fat all creatures else to fat us ,  and we fat ourselves for maggots .	0
come ,  go with me .	0
himself .	0
no ,  my good lord .	0
what villains have done this ?	0
i will not control my tongue; i have to speak.	0
can’t you find a reason without my giving you one ?	0
be angry whenever you want to ,  it’ll have a purpose; do whatever you want to ,  dishonor shall be a joke .	0
now ,  eros .	0
goneril with a white beard ?	0
no ,  he has only a little beard .	0
darn it ,  if i’d guessed he was so brave and such a good swordsman ,  i never would have challenged him .	0
what wouldst thou ?	0
hear me ,  for i will speak .	0
take it ,  god ,  for it is none but thine .	0
o, i was damned beneath all the depths of hell, and i proceeded on just grounds to this extremity.	0
it is the east, and juliet is the sun!	0
all right ,  sir ,  i will .	0
i’m listening to you only because i’ve got nothing better to do .	0
art thou of cornish crew ?	0
never ,  iago .	0
helen ,  it is not so .	0
away with the good stools ,  remove the china closet ,  look to the plate .	0
how are you, lady?	0
i hope this reason stands for my excuse .	0
so ,  so .	0
mine wasn’t wearing a bridle .	0
what day is this?	0
never so weary, never so in woe, bedabbled with the dew, and torn with briers, i can no further crawl, no further go; my legs can keep no pace with my desires.	0
even the goddess of patience couldn’t look at this and be patient—it’s too horrifying !	0
who is nothing to you in this kind of merry joking ,  so you may continue and still laugh at nothing .	0
because i know the government ,  no matter how angry this makes brabantio with some argument ,  cannot arrest him safely; because he's embarked with such loud reason to the cyprus wars ,  which is being discussed even now ,  that ,  to save their souls ,  they have no one of his depth to lead their armies ,  in which regard ,  although i hate him as i hate hell pains ,  i must still show a flag and sign of love ,  to preserve my present life ,  which is indeed only sign .	0
an there be any matter of weight chances ,  call up me .	0
you have to pretend to be your niece’s father ,  and give her away to claudio .	0
thou ,  like an exorcist ,  hast conjured up my mortified spirit .	0
alas ,  what ignorant sin have i committed ?	0
grandam ,  one night as we did sit at supper ,  my uncle rivers talked how i did grow more than my brother:  “ ay ,  ”  quoth my uncle gloucester ,   “ small herbs have grace; great weeds do grow apace .  ”  and since ,  methinks i would not grow so fast because sweet flowers are slow and weeds make haste .	0
i heard myself proclaimed ,  and by the happy hollow of a tree escaped the hunt .	0
nay ,  come ,  i prithee .	0
i scarcely knew you, uncle; there lies your niece, whose breath, indeed, these hands have just stopped.	0
but here my father comes.	0
i get great comfort from this fellow.	0
i do beseech you— chiefly that i might set it in my prayers— what is your name?	0
he will come right away .	0
you certainly made me believe you did ,  my lord .	0
at this same ancient feast of capulet's ,  the fair rosaline whom you love so much will have supper; with all the admired beauties of verona .	0
you mar our labor .	0
he is far gone.	0
speak briefly ,  can you like of paris’ love ?	0
if he had been forgotten ,  it had been as a gap in our great feast and all - thing unbecoming .	0
mark me.	0
didn’t you hear a cry ?	0
you are looked for and called for, asked for and sought for in the great chamber.	0
i couldn’t bear to obey all of your daughters' harsh orders .	0
i’ll pick berries for you .	0
god be at your table .	0
it was love that performed these miracles .	0
come, go with me, read this over as you go; beautiful jessica shall be my torchbearer.	0
were you drunk when you seemed so hopeful before ?	0
will you meet me straightway at ninny's tomb?	0
or shall i think in silver she's immur'd ,  being ten times undervalued to tried gold ?	0
i would i were thy bird .	0
what do i see here ?	0
since he went to france, i have been in constant practice.	0
am i to come near you now?	0
sir, before this audience, let my denial of evil intent give me immunity in your most generous thoughts as though i have shot my arrow over the house and hurt my brother.	0
come ,  sit down on this flowery bed ,  while i play with your amiable cheeks ,  and stick musk - roses in your sleek smooth head ,  and kiss your fair large ears ,  my gentle joy .	0
i’m not who i appear to be .	0
let’s lay everything upon the king: our lives ,  our souls ,  our debts ,  our anxious wives ,  our children ,  and our sins .  ”  i must bear responsibility for all of it .	0
oh ,  my dear cassio !	0
maybe the king is sending you to the tower to have you renamed .	0
now ,  whether he kill cassio ,  or cassio him ,  or each do kill the other ,  every way makes my gain .	0
hence ,  get thee gone ,  and follow me no more .	0
metellus cimber ?	0
well ,  here’s my comfort .	0
whose do you think it was?	0
my remedy is then to pluck it out .	0
he had one yesterday .	0
my lord !	0
iago beckons me; now he begins the story.	0
i am your father's spirit ,  doomed for a certain time to walk the night ,  and during the day i am confined to burn in fires ,  until the evil crimes i had done in my life are burnt and purged away .	0
her vestal livery is but sick and green ,  and none but fools do wear it .	0
it is not possible.	0
the crowd calls him lord, and, as the world were just beginning now, old history forgotten, customs not known, they certify and prop up every word, they cry “we choose!	0
that’s great .	0
pay attention ,  bassanio ,  the devil can cite scripture for his purpose .	0
what are you?	0
you tie up horses by their heads ,  dogs and bears by their necks ,  monkeys by their waists ,  and humans by their legs .	0
you smiled with a strength you must have gotten from heaven ,  while i cried salty tears into the salty sea ,  and groaned at our situation .	0
most reverend signior, do you know my voice?	0
please answer ,  my good little student .	0
art thou so bare and full of wretchedness and fearest to die ?	0
now would i give a thousand furlongs of sea for an acre of barren ground: long heath ,  brown furze ,  anything .	0
killing men in the dark ?	0
and i'll still stay ,  to have thee still forget ,  forgetting any other home but this .	0
ay ,  and to wage this battle at pharsalia ,  where caesar fought with pompey .	0
alas, poor caitiff!	0
have a nice day !	0
something about hamlet .	0
ensign, go with them; you know the place best.	0
you have to contradict me ,  do you ?	0
don’t listen to the bell ,  duncan ,  because it summons you either to heaven or to hell .	0
what do you mean i faked you out ?	0
do you intend to stay with me tonight ?	0
great happiness!	0
when went there by an age since the great flood but it was famed with more than with one man?	0
by the lord who raised me to this weighty post from the happy and carefree life i used to enjoy ,  i promise you i never did anything to get the king to turn against the duke of clarence .	0
art thou not ,  fatal vision ,  sensible to feeling as to sight ?	0
you are about as much of a thinker as worm’s meat is a nice steak .	0
fetch me my rapier ,  boy .	0
if you could only hear this testament—which ,  excuse me ,  i don’t intend to read aloud—you would kiss dead caesar’s wounds and dip your handkerchiefs in his sacred blood ,  and beg for a lock of hair to remember him by .	0
big ,  round tears ran piteously down the animal’s innocent nose .	0
how goes it now?	0
in such a night ,  did young lorenzo swear he lov'd her well; stealing her soul with many vows of faith ,  and ne'er a true one .	0
our hostess sits in her chair of state, but, when it’s time, we will require her welcome.	0
at your request ,  monster ,  i will do reason ,  any reason .	0
i’ll look for him and secretly help him .	0
the chaplain of the tower hath buried them ,  but where ,  to say the truth ,  i do not know .	0
your cause of sorrow must not be measured by his worth ,  for then it hath no end .	0
ride ,  ride ,  messala .	0
oh ,  cut my bodice - staps so that my pent - up heart can have some room to breathe ,  or i’ll faint from this deadly news !	0
that is the way to make her scorn you still .	0
he’s gone ?	0
it is but change ,  titinius ,  for octavius is overthrown by noble brutus' power ,  as cassius' legions are by antony .	0
that we would do ,  we should do when we would; for this 'would' changes ,  and hath abatements and delays as many as there are tongues ,  are hands ,  are accidents; and then this 'should' is like a spendthrift sigh ,  that hurts by easing .	0
he hath fought today as if a god ,  in hate of mankind ,  had destroyed in such a shape .	0
you can’t take anything from me that i care less about—except my life ,  except my life ,  except my life .	0
at least i don’t have a horse for my mistress—or a saying so beside the point .	0
and they’ve been plotting things together .	0
lysander, keep your hermia; i will have none of her.	0
i never offended you in my life; never loved cassio except with such general lawfulness of heaven as i might love.	0
i’ll have you speak out the rest of this soon .	0
is it come to this ?	0
it’s obvious to everyone that you’ve tricked her ,  drugged her ,  or kidnapped her .	0
you accuse me most unjustly.	0
sir ,  i obey the mandate ,  and will return to venice .	0
fine ,  thank you .	0
you do extend these thoughts of horror further than you shall find cause in caesar .	0
forty thousand brothers couldn’t ,  even with all their quantity of love ,  make up my sum .	0
is it all come to this ?	0
i pray you ,  go after the lieutenant .	0
o cassius ,  i am sick of many griefs .	0
well ,  i wish you liked me .	0
to have no hope that he is drowned is another way to have such a high hope, that even ambition can’t see beyond it, but defies belief.	0
it is the rival of my love .	0
o setebos, these be brave spirits indeed!	0
i have lost the immortal part of myself ,  and what remains is bestial .	0
why, then is my pump well-flower'd.	0
i am never merry when i hear sweet music .	0
so ,  as a painted tyrant ,  pyrrhus stood ,  and like a neutral to his will and matter ,  did nothing .	0
whatever pertains to myself i will deal with last .	0
trust to't .	0
so, like a painted tyrant, pyrrhus stood, and, as if not giving in to his will and body, did nothing.	0
do we so .	0
it’s me, a friend, and one that knows you well.	0
what ,  mistress !	0
let me see your eyes .	0
charles ,  i thank thee for thy love to me ,  which thou shalt find i will most kindly requite .	0
if this is true ,  then i should know this secret .	0
your vessels and your spells provide, your charms and every thing beside.	0
macbeth !	0
how does the queen ?	0
we shall ,  my lord .	0
he has raised the wall and houses too.	0
do we know this face or not ?	0
if it’s not for an important purpose ,  give it back to me again .	0
do you want to go see him ?	0
sound, music.	0
having already thought about the fact that she would have to die sometime ,  i can endure her death now .	0
you charge me most unjustly .	0
brief ,  i recovered him ,  bound up his wound ,  and after some small space ,  being strong at heart ,	0
you drank it all and didn’t leave just a friendly drop to help me join you?	0
what!	0
make forth ,  the generals would have some words .	0
tis given out that ,  sleeping in mine orchard ,  a serpent stung me .	0
what!	0
you told me you hated him .	0
where is antony ?	0
my lord ,  i do protest—    o ,  do not swear !	0
a common slave—you’d know him well by sight— held up his left hand ,  which flamed and burned like twenty torches all together ,  and yet his hand ,  not feeling any fire ,  wasn’t even scorched .	0
three civil brawls ,  started by a meaningless comment ,  by you ,  old capulet ,  and you ,  montague have three times disturbed the quiet of our streets and made verona’s senior citizens take out sober mementos of war and fighting ,  to use them again as weapons ,  in their old hands ,  rusted from not being used ,  as hate has rusted your families .	0
welcome ,  my lord .	0
everything’s ok .	0
did not you tell me i should know the man by the athenian garment he had on ?	0
it is the wittiest partition that ever i heard speak ,  my lord .	0
our separate journeys shall keep us both the safer .	0
he came to me ,  and i delivered it .	0
so is lysander .	0
tonight we hold a solemn supper, sir, and i'll request your presence.	0
what ring gave you my lord ?	0
that’s not a job for a friend ,  my lord .	0
give him your arm .	0
the english force ,  so please you .	0
i’ll see them safely married first and then hurry back to my master’s .	0
farewell .	0
are you fair ?	0
my cousin’s a fool ,  and you are too .	0
the old cock .	0
you only have to close our hands with holy words ,  then love - devouring death can do whatever he dares it is enough that i may call her mine .	0
pitiful sight !	0
have things been quiet on your watch?	0
shake my hand .	0
by jupiter ,  were i the wearer of antonio’s beard ,  i would not shave ’t today .	0
good master mustardseed ,  i know your patience well .	0
be not disturbed with my infirmity .	0
i' faith ,  or i either ?	0
so ,  in that case ,  tell me who’s next in line to inherit the kingdom of naples ?	0
please don’t ruin any more of my poems by reading them so badly .	0
haven’t you got enough love to be patient with me ,  when that sudden mood which my mother gave me makes me forgetful ?	0
what a fearful night is this !	0
content with hermia !	0
oh ,  juliet ,  i already know about your sad situation .	0
i don’t have evil in me sometimes to do me service .	0
my husband is on earth ,  my faith in heaven .	0
good gentlemen ,  give me permission to speak .	0
go ,  philostrate ,  stir up the young people of athens to start swinging; get the party spirit going; turn sadness back to the funerals — no sadness at our parties .	0
what villains have done this ?	0
in your bad strokes ,  brutus ,  you give good words .	0
this is a man’s invention ,  and his hand .	0
where shall we meet in the morning ?	0
i’m waiting here for the general, and i don’t think it would help, and it’s not my wish, to have him see me talking with a woman.	0
control this anger !	0
did you assay him to any pastime?	0
the sight of lovers feedeth those in love .	0
no ,  my brutus ,  you have some sick offense within your mind ,  which by the right and virtue of my place i ought to know of; and ,  upon my knees ,  i charm you ,  by my once commended beauty ,  by all your vows of love and that great vow which did incorporate and make us one ,  that you unfold to me ,  yourself ,  your half ,  why you are heavy ,  and what men tonight have had resort to you; for here have been some six or seven ,  who did hide their faces even from darkness .	0
hear me ,  my lord .	0
go to my brother cassius .	0
i’d give anything to keep them from seeing you here .	0
with all my heart ,  and it doth much content me to hear him so inclin'd .	0
hence, bashful cunning!	0
go to him ,  madam ,  speak to him .	0
it’s good that you don’t know that you’re his heirs; because if you did ,  o ,  what would happen !	0
i swear ,  old fools become like babies again .	0
ha!	0
i am ready now .	0
the worthy thane of ross .	0
you will be the king .	0
for who is living, if those two are gone?	0
i’ll tell her .	0
the hand of little employment hath the daintier sense.	0
launcelot and i are out .	0
music!	0
if love is blind, love can’t find the spot.	0
do you intend to sink us ?	0
hic et ubique?	0
you wretched, rash, intruding fool, goodbye!	0
come ,  come .	0
what noise ?	0
the day will come that thou shalt wish for me to help thee curse that poisonous bunch - backed toad .	0
anon ,  anon !	0
one more, one more; be thus when thou art dead, and i will kill thee, and love thee after.	0
at such a time i’ll loose my daughter to him .	0
well ,  fare you well ,  my lord .	0
my sweet husband ,  i did not lock you out .	0
i’m the one who— i’ll get right on that .	0
didn’t you see her play with the palm of his hand ?	0
the king and prince at prayers !	0
my honoured lord!	0
how died my master ,  strato ?	0
if you'll sit down i'll bear your logs the while.	0
so now everyone will point at me and say ,   “ look ,  there goes the wife of that comedian petruchio—if he could be bothered to marry the pathetic thing !  ”	0
is everyone here ?	0
where's your master?	0
it’s nine o'clock .	0
three words ,  dear romeo ,  and then it’s good night for real .	0
thou shalt buy this dear if ever i thy face by daylight see .	0
o, this is a contract and pay, not revenge.	0
my lady olivia ,  your niece ,  disapproves of your late - night partying .	0
what says romeo?	0
he left to fetch a necklace and he promised to bring it to the porcupine ,  where i was dining with balthasar .	0
what news do you bring ?	0
why ,  he drinks you with facility your dane dead drunk; he sweats not to overthrow your almain; he gives your hollander a vomit ere the next pottle can be filled .	0
pardon me ,  julius !	0
let’s follow them to see how this turns out .	0
woo’t fast ?	0
how am i beset ! — what kind of catechizing call you this ?	0
show me a mistress that is passing fair ,  what purpose does her beauty serve but as a reminder that i may see some other woman who cannot pass her beauty ?	0
and all for nothing !	0
y' have ungently ,  brutus ,  stole from my bed .	0
you have no reason to say that .	0
there's more that depends on this ring than its value .	0
alright ,  then i’ll see you at philippi .	0
just that one.	0
tomorrow ,  if you please to speak with me ,  i will come home to you .	0
i forgot .	0
my excellent good friends!	0
fulvia is dead .	0
shall i be married then tomorrow morning ?	0
let him come forward .	0
i fear we shall out-sleep the coming morn, as much as we this night have overwatch'd.	0
pink for flower.	0
by mary, before your ladyship, i grant, she puts her voice a little in her heart, and scolds by thinking.	0
either my eyesight fails, or you look pale.	0
i beg you, youth, don’t put another sin on my head by urging me to fight.	0
if you poison us ,  do we not die ?	0
delay this marriage for a month ,  or a week .	0
you shall not in your funeral speech blame us ,  but speak all good you can devise of caesar ,  and say you do't by our permission ,  else shall you not have any hand at all about his funeral .	0
madam ,  o good empress !	0
my eyes were liars ,  then ,  because i never saw true beauty before tonight .	0
so say i .  methinks you are sadder .	0
he did ,  my gracious lord ,  begin that place ,  which ,  since ,  succeeding ages have re - edified .	0
destructive thoughts come quickly to the minds of desperate men !	0
follow my voice; we won’t test your manhood here.	0
here in this island we arrived, and here have i, thy schoolmaster, made thee more profit than other princesess’ can, that have more time for vainer hours and tutors not so careful.	0
my man—monster is so drunk he can’t talk .	0
you must be patient a while .	0
she is damn'd for it.	0
it now draws toward night .	0
what if i say no ?	0
why ,  say they are vile and false; as where's that palace where in to foul things sometimes intrude not ?	0
was it mine ?	0
let’s to billiards .	0
good repose the while .	0
hail to you, baron of cawdor!	0
wednesday is tomorrow .	0
we'll hear him ,  we'll follow him ,  we'll die with him .	0
bid them all fly .	0
nay ,  lay thee down and roar; for thou hast kill'd the sweetest innocent that e'er did lift up eye .	0
he is the jewel, indeed, and gem of the whole nation.	0
why do people love you ?	0
yes ,  you would beg ,  if you were in my position .	0
was the hope drunk wherein you dress'd yourself?	0
then tell what you know about all of this .	0
do you understand the word?	0
let them be hunted soundly .	0
saw you the weird sisters ?	0
the table’s full .	0
i will my lord ,  as fast as i can .	0
but stay;—oh spite!	0
here ,  and your baggage back where you found it .	0
no, my dearest love, i wouldn’t for the world.	0
the tyranny of the open night’s too rough for nature to endure .	0
the life?	0
let him answer me . — come ,  follow me ,  boy .	0
something too much of this .	0
yes ,  by god !	0
ancient ,  what makes he here ?	0
then must the jew be merciful .	0
slay !	0
damn it, before he fell down, when he thought the common herd was glad he had refused the crown, he opened his shirt, and offered to cut his throat.	0
dear lady— give me leave ,  beseech you .	0
by this hand ,  i say 'tis very scurvy ,  and begin to find myself fopped in it .	0
i pray god he be not ,  i say .	0
do it again ,  come on .	0
oh lord ,  they’re fighting !	0
the prince and claudio promised by this hour to visit me . —you know your office ,  brother .	0
this love feel i makes me feel no love in this.	0
i’ll be vain and proud ,  i’ll read up on politics ,  i’ll insult sir toby ,  i’ll get rid of my lower - class friends ,  and i’ll be the perfect man for her .	0
forever and forever goodbye, brutus!	0
look in on me then ,  and speak with me ,  or ,  naked as i am ,  i will attack you .	0
romeo shall thank thee, daughter, for us both.	0
please understand a plain man in his plain meaning: let your fellows come on, bid them cover the table, serve in the meat, and we’ll come in to dinner.	0
i will look for the king.	0
but a handkerchief— god ,  i wish i could forget about the handkerchief !	0
who calls ?	0
you shall have permission.	0
besides ,  our hands are hard .	0
was it so late, friend, ere you went to bed, that you do lie so late?	0
you’ll be able to identify the man by the athenian garments he has on .	0
if you meet the prince in the night ,  you can order him to stop .	0
you sleep ,  and i will hold you in my arms .	0
there was no story ,  my lord .	0
i set him there ,  sir ,  but his own disorders deserved much less advancement .	0
hark ,  hark !	0
what if it tempt you toward the flood ,  my lord ,  or to the dreadful summit of the cliff that beetles o'er his base into the sea ,  and there assume some other horrible form ,  which might deprive your sovereignty of reason and draw you into madness ?	0
i know ,  iago ,  thy honesty and love doth mince this matter ,  making it light to cassio .	0
most monstrous ,  oh !	0
what dost thou mean by this?	0
now ,  you’re sociable; now you’re romeo; now you are what you are ,  by art as well as by nature .	0
i hear some noise within .	0
hail ,  brave friend !	0
he may not ,  as lower persons do ,  select for himself ,  for on his choice depends the safety and health of this whole state ,  and therefore must his choice be subject to the voice and consent of that state that he is the head of .	0
he hath rid his prologue like a rough colt; he knows not the stop .	0
to threaten me with death is most unlawful .	0
how is't, brother?	0
look how cheerful my mother is ,  only two hours after my father died .	0
if there be cords or knives, poison or fire, or suffocating streams, i'll not endure it.	0
the one that doesn’t work has the more delicate sense .	0
still ,  it stands to reason that he mustn’t betray his fear ,  as it might dishearten his army .	0
this is the final discussion i will grant .	0
why dost thou lead these men about the streets?	0
let not thy discreet heart think it.	0
then why be jealous of a person like that ?	0
come ,  thou tortoise !	0
we'll bet them who has the first boy for a thousand dollars.	0
anyway ,  jessica ,  go inside .	0
fly ,  for that reason ,  noble cassius ,  fly far off .	0
what is the matter ?	0
before my god ,  i might not this believe without the sensible and true avouch of mine own eyes .	0
who can say i mean just her when all her neighbors are exactly like her ?	0
goodly lord, what a wit-snapper are you!	0
that was excellent ,  really excellent .	0
nothing’s ours, all's been spent, where we got what we wanted, but without content.	0
make haste; thou know'st where i will tarry .	0
i do ,  truly ,  for thou swear’st to me thou art honest .	0
to whom do you speak this ?	0
by running fast .	0
what should i say to you ?	0
oh ,  the world never saw a sweeter creature .	0
why seek'st thou me?	0
what about stanley ?	0
good faith ,  and when i met this holy man ,  the men you talk of came into my mind .	0
his forward voice now is to speak well of his friend .	0
did you send to him, sir?	0
where is my wife ?	0
i didn’t hear anything, madam.	0
whisper her ear and tell her i and ursula walk in the orchard ,  and our whole discourse is all of her .	0
ah ,  my good old friends !	0
o, no, a lantern, slaughtered youth, because juliet lies here, and her beauty makes this tomb a party room full of light.	0
i’ll grant you that i’m a woman, but i am, besides, a woman that lord brutus married.	0
to me you speak not.	0
nay ,  good lieutenant; i pray you ,  sir ,  hold your hand .	0
seriously ,  i think our clothes are as fresh now as they were the day we put them on in africa ,  when we attended the marriage of the king’s daughter claribel to the king of tunis .	0
show me ,  show me .	0
ay, so i fear; the more is my unrest.	0
give me your hand ,  messala .	0
now, truly, gratiano, you give your wife a cause for grief that is very unkind; if it was given to me, i should be angry about it.	0
what’s going on ?	0
your fortune stood on the chests there ,  and so did mine ,  as it works out; because courting here until i worked up a sweat ,  and swearing promises until my mouth was dry with oaths of love ,  at last ,  if her promise lasts ,  i got a promise of this beautiful one here to have her love ,  provided that you were lucky enough to get her mistress .	0
thou protector of this damnèd strumpet ,  talk’st thou to me of  “ ifs ”  ?	0
hold on!	0
sweet predictions ,  good !	0
i’ll die like a swan .	0
if my doing what you told me to makes you happy ,  then be happy ,  because i did it .	0
i'll run from thee and hide me in the brakes ,  and leave thee to the mercy of wild beasts .	0
i call them forth to credit her .	0
to show you that that’s me ,  let me prove it a little even in this case .	0
and talk like a parrot?	0
for the table ,  sir ,  it shall be served in .	0
i would not be mad .	0
but macbeth is.	0
but ,  really ,  what’s going on ,  clarence ?	0
octavius, lead your battle quietly on, on the left hand of the even field.	0
you shall see it will fall pat as i told you; yonder she comes.	0
stop it.	0
octavius, i have seen more days than you, and though we lay these honors on this man to ease ourselves of divers slanderous loads, he shall but bear them as the ass bears gold, to groan and sweat under the business, either led or driven, as we point the way; and having brought our treasure where we will, then take we down his load and turn him off, like to the empty ass, to shake his ears and graze in commons.	0
do not so.	0
i see him rouse himself to praise my noble act .	0
seek to know no more.	0
they should get to bed early and get plenty of sleep .	0
bring him before us .	0
money by me !	0
yet you ,  the murderer ,  look as bright ,  as clear ,  as yonder venus in her glimmering sphere .	0
father is on the lookout .	0
thank you ,  madam .	0
but one fiend at a time ,  i'll fight their legions o'er .	0
pray heaven i be deceived in you .	0
let them come in.	0
cover his mouth ,  bring him silently .	0
he commanded me to wake him up early .	0
why ,  you’re absolutely right ,  cousin .	0
only to satisfy my thought ,  no further harm .	0
what ,  mistress !	0
i'll follow you, and make a heaven of hell, to die by the hand that i love so well.	0
sir ,  i lack advancement .	0
my lord ?	0
what, juliet!	0
i’m not a miracle ,  sir; but certainly a virgin .	0
go seek him out ,  speak fair ,  and bring the body into the chapel .	0
thou art a cobbler, art thou?	0
be of good cheer ,  youth .	0
o heavy burden !	0
finally ,  the ceremony done ,  he called for wine .	0
give me thy hand .	0
faith, that he did, i don’t know what he did.	0
tis from your sister .	0
good night ,  lieutenant ,  i must to the watch .	0
shylock, there's thrice thy money offer'd thee.	0
damn you !	0
i might call him a divine thing; because i have never seen anything so natural that was so noble .	0
so were you .	0
farewell ,  sweet playfellow .	0
me too .	0
what if i didn’t go any farther ,  and chose right here ?	0
in doing the service and the loyalty i owe you ,  i am well paid .	0
with rosaline ,  my ghostly father ?	0
he ,  woman .	0
treason !	0
to you your father should be as a god; one that composed your beauties; yea ,  and one to whom you are but as a form in wax ,  by him imprinted ,  and within his power to leave the figure ,  or disfigure it .	0
ay, marry, must you; for you must understand he goes but to see a noise that he heard, and is to come again.	0
it is one iago, ensign to the general.	0
here is the cap your worship ordered .	0
tell him ,  so please him come unto this place ,  he shall be satisfied and ,  by my honor ,  depart untouch'd .	0
the law!	0
biondello ,  go and tell your mistress to come to me .	0
thou liest ,  thou thread ,  thou thimble ,  thou yard ,  three - quarters ,  half - yard ,  quarter ,  nail !	0
you are their heir ,  you sit upon their throne ,  the blood and courage that renownèd them runs in your veins; and my thrice - puissant liege is in the very may - morn of his youth ,  ripe for exploits and mighty enterprises .	0
i was of late as petty to his ends as is the morn - dew on the myrtle leaf to his grand sea .	0
out of my sight!	0
he sees thee not .	0
i was the more deceived .	0
but look thou stay not till the watch be set, for then thou canst not pass to mantua, where thou shalt live till we can find a time to blaze your marriage, reconcile your friends, beg pardon of the prince, and call thee back with twenty hundred thousand times more joy than thou went'st forth in lamentation.	0
how parted he with thee ?	0
it’s almost night now.	0
this disease is beyond my medical skills .	0
to these injunctions every one doth swear that comes to hazard for my worthless self .	0
from that place i shall no leading need .	0
tis pity of him .	0
it’s very strange .	0
news from verona!	0
it’s obvious:  here comes biondello .	0
i have a ship laden with gold .	0
i see you do not mean to part with her ,  or else you like not of my company .	0
is decius brutus and trebonius there ?	0
stop ,  demetrius !	0
i leave my duty a little unthought of and speak out of my injury .	0
farewell ,  sweet lord ,  and sister .	0
it were ,  my lord ,  a hard condition for a maid to consign to .	0
so will i turn her virtue into pitch ,  and out of her own goodness make the net that shall enmesh them all .	0
if it be ,  why seems it so particular with thee ?	0
excellent well .	0
even those you usually enjoy ,  the tragedians of the city .	0
for she his hairy temples then had rounded with a coronet of fresh and fragrant flowers ,  and that same dew ,  which sometime on the buds was wont to swell like round and orient pearls ,  stood now within the pretty flowerets' eyes like tears that did their own disgrace bewail .	0
it’s not offensive ,  is it ?	0
be careful ,  fair maid .	0
well, get you gone.	0
and so do i too, lieutenant.	0
not so ,  my lord .	0
or did the letters work upon his blood, and new create this fault?	0
alas ,  poor country ,  almost afraid to know itself !	0
sure ,  and twenty others just like you .	0
o flesh ,  flesh ,  how art thou fishified !	0
what ring gave you my lord?	0
in the meantime ,  i wrote to romeo that he should come home ,  this bad night ,  to help to take her from her borrowed grave ,  at the time that the potion would wear off .	0
o thou public commoner !	0
alas ,  sweet lady ,  what imports this song ?	0
these couchings and these lowly courtesies might fire the blood of ordinary men and turn preordinance and first decree into the law of children.	0
what cursed foot wanders this way to - night to cross my obsequies and true love's rite ?	0
to dover .	0
but wherefore did you so much tempt the heavens?	0
oh, that a lady of one man refused should therefore be abused by another!	0
into a thousand parts divide one man ,  and make imaginary puissance .	0
there is much to be learned from these converts .	0
we'll make our leisures to attend on yours.	0
to sebastian] true, of that there's none, or little.	0
i humbly thank you for’t .	0
mark antony ,  shall we give sign of battle ?	0
if echo were as fleet ,  i would esteem him worth a dozen such .	0
why ,  that same pale hard - hearted wench ,  that rosaline ,  torments him so that he will sure run mad .	0
but come ,  i'll tell you all about my whole plan when i am in my coach ,  which waits for us at the park gate; and so hurry ,  because we must travel twenty miles today .	0
lay her a - hold ,  a - hold !	0
how lush and lusty the grass looks !	0
it’s not manly .	0
i believe we must leave the killing out ,  when all is said and done .	0
every one should prepare to follow this beautiful corpse to her grave .	0
i could interpret between you and your love ,  if i could see the puppets dallying .	0
tis now near night .	0
now i feel better, you have vanished.	0
meantime god grants that we have need of you .	0
if you have me ,  you have me now at my worst; and if you have me ,  you’ll appreciate me better and better .	0
but i’ll deliver sir andrew’s challenge by word of mouth ,  describing sir andrew as courageous in battle and convincing the young gentleman that sir andrew is furious ,  impetuous ,  and a skilled fighter (he’ll believe me because he’s young) .	0
oh ,  ’tis foul in her .	0
some tardy cripple bear the countermand ,  that came too lag to see him burièd .	0
we’re three of them .	0
really ,  audrey ,  i wish you were more poetical .	0
excellent good .	0
i mock you?	0
what’s the news?	0
the ocean ,  exceeding of his borders ,  doesn’t eat the flatlands with more impatient speed than young laertes ,  heading a riot ,  takes over your offices .	0
be innocent of the knowledge, dearest chuck, till thou applaud the deed.	0
that’s true .	0
who’s gone this morning ?	0
what many men desire . —that many may be meant by the fool multitude ,  that choose by show ,  not learning more than the fond eye doth teach; which pries not to th' interior ,  but ,  like the martlet ,  builds in the weather on the outward wall ,  even in the force and road of casualty .	0
i forgot about the reward .	0
nothing can be made out of nothing .	0
there, tyrant, there!	0
it’s thinking about it too much to think like that.	0
sirs ,  you all wait outside .	0
who’s in the second chamber ?	0
follow him, friends.	0
come ,  come; lend me a light .	0
i hear it by the way ,  but i will send .	0
let me speak my mind ,  and i’ll rid the world of its sickness—if it will only tolerate my medicine .	0
this fellow might be in's time a great buyer of land ,  with his statutes ,  his recognizances ,  his fines ,  his double vouchers ,  his recoveries .	0
is your master awake ?	0
i am no villain .	0
marry ,  before he fell down ,  when he perceived the common herd was glad he refused the crown ,  he plucked me ope his doublet and offered them his throat to cut .	0
where should i lose that handkerchief, emilia?	0
alas the heavy day !	0
how dare you talk about kindness or shame .	0
no ,  as i am a christian .	0
no masque tonight .	0
our reasons are so full of good regard that were you ,  antony ,  the son of caesar ,  you should be satisfied .	0
i pray you, go after the lieutenant.	0
tonight is for celebrating !	0
sometimes a thousand twangling instruments will hum about mine ears ,  and sometime voices that ,  if i then had waked after long sleep ,  will make me sleep again: and then ,  in dreaming ,  the clouds methought would open and show riches ready to drop upon me ,  that when i waked i cried to dream again .	0
bring out the stocks !	0
this sight of death is as a bell that warns my old age to a sepulchre.	0
what, not a word?	0
follow me this jest now till thou hast worn out thy pump ,  that ,  when the single sole of it is worn ,  the jest may remain ,  after the wearing ,  solely singular .	0
faith, i intend so.	0
mobled queen’ is good .	0
our wars are done ,  the turks are drowned .	0
friend ,  look to't .	0
this fortification, gentlemen, shall we see't?	0
what a change this is !	0
so she is drowned .	0
god’s arm strike with us !	0
if i gave them all i own ,  i’d have two fool’s caps for myself .	0
why ,  he had none .	0
my friend stephano ,  let them know ,  please ,  within the house ,  that your mistress is at hand ,  and bring your music outside .	0
tis better as it is .	0
so ,  the sun won’t shine today !	0
o, that a man might know the end of this day's business ere it come!	0
why did you do that ?	0
o heaven !	0
you are nothing like mark antony !	0
had you not come upon your cue ,  my lord ,  william lord hastings had pronounced your part— i mean your voice for crowning of the king .	0
and i will not beg for more.	0
where is the foolish knave i sent before ?	0
is that possible ?	0
that's all one; you shall play it in a mask, and you may speak as small as you will.	0
he dares not come there for the candle .	0
with what i get, i mean; and so do they.	0
please go on .	0
no ?	0
tomorrow ,  i’ll let you know what i’ve decided and what answer you should deliver to the king of england .	0
caesar, it’s eight o'clock.	0
tears his white hair ,  which the impetuous blasts ,  with eyeless rage ,  catch in their fury and make nothing of .	0
it’s time for you to know the whole story .	0
my lord ,  the queen wants to speak with you right now .	0
the world doesn’t make laws to make you rich .	0
and seemed i ever otherwise to you ?	0
why will my lord do so ?	0
call up your courage .	0
the very conveyances of his lands will scarcely lie in this box; and must the inheritor himself have no more ,  ha ?	0
you’ll fight with a man who’s cracking nuts just because you have hazelnut - colored eyes .	0
yes ,  but how he adores mark antony !	0
yes, mousetraps to catch fools.	0
give me your hand first .	0
i swear to god ,  if i hadn’t seen this with my own eyes i’d never believe it .	0
i could do it myself .	0
welcome hither .	0
yet brutus says he was ambitious ,  and sure he is an honorable man .	0
so will ye, i am sure, that you love me.	0
too familiar is my dear son with such sour company.	0
but listen ,  if	0
madam ,  i will .	0
i had a son ,  whom i’ve legally disowned .	0
when you’ve done all that ,  go to pompey's porch ,  where you shall find us .	0
young fry of treachery !	0
not matched equally, pyrrhus lunges at priam, strikes wild in rage, but, with the whiff and wind of his fierce sword, the shaken father falls.	0
i sent the french queen with him too ,  for the same reason .	0
send out more horses .	0
o mistress, villainy hath made mocks with love!	0
behold!	0
fear not ,  baptista ,  we will content you .	0
pour on ,  i will endure .	0
thou hadst need send for more money .	0
ho, ho, ho, ho!	0
i’ll be back quicker than you can think a thought .	0
and let me the canakin clink ,  clink; [sings .	0
the galleys have sent a dozen sequent messengers this very night at one another's heels; and many of the consuls, raised and met, are at the duke's already.	0
hath the fellow any wit that told you this ?	0
if you interrupt it ,  he’ll foam at the mouth and go crazy .	0
scornful lysander !	0
poor bird !	0
remorseless, treacherous, lecherous, kindless villain!	0
cowards die many times before their deaths; the valiant only taste of death once .	0
this green plot shall be our stage, this hawthorn bush our dressing room, and we will do it just as we will do it before the duke.	0
well; if any man in italy has a better table that offers to swear on a book ,  i shall have good luck .	0
devilish macbeth has sought to win me into his power by many of these thoughts, and modest wisdom keeps me from over-believing haste.	0
my lord, i can’t.	0
if everyone here knows us but we don’t know anybody ,  it’s time ,  i think ,  for us to pack our bags and take off .	0
and duncan's horses, a thing most strange and certain, beautiful and swift, the darlings of their race, turned wild in nature, broke their stalls, flew out, rebelling against obeying their masters, as if they would make war with mankind.	0
how now ,  you secret ,  black ,  and midnight hags ?	0
yes ,  if messala recommends me to you .	0
do this immediately ,  and don’t stop searching and interrogating until you’ve brought home these foolish runaways .	0
come ,  antony ,  and young octavius ,  come ,  revenge yourselves alone on cassius ,  for cassius is aweary of the world: hated by one he loves; braved by his brother; check'd like a bondman; all his faults observed ,  set in a notebook ,  learn'd and conn'd by rote ,  to cast into my teeth .	0
nurse !	0
i will calculate your love from this time forward.	0
oh yes .	0
some blessed power deliver us from hence !	0
and mine say a hundred and forty .	0
thou knowest my daughter's of a pretty age.	0
well ,  but to my choice: who chooseth me ,  shall get as much as he deserves .	0
yes ,  and shall do till the pangs of death shake him .	0
but ,  good lieutenant ,  is your general married ?	0
we coted them on the way, and hither are they com- ing to offer you service.	0
i had a dream last night about the three witches .	0
their words are natural breath, but, however you have been jostled out of your senses, know for certain that i am prospero, and that very duke who was thrown out of milan, who most strangely landed on this shore, where you were wrecked, to be the lord of it.	0
goodbye .	0
listen ,  in books they say that true love always faces obstacles .	0
on the contrary .	0
lead away .	0
faith ,  i can tell her age unto an hour .	0
but i should kill you with much cherishing.	0
i loved ophelia.	0
what will we say is our excuse for being here ?	0
my generosity to you is as limitless as the sea ,  and my love is as deep .	0
the tyrant's people on both sides do fight, the noble thanes do bravely in the war; the day almost itself professes yours, and little is to do.	0
my affections are then most humble .	0
what lights come yond ?	0
a solemn song ,  and the best comforter to an unsettled mind ,  cure for your brains ,  now useless ,  boiled inside your skull !	0
please spare my innocent wife and children ! —kind warden ,  please stay with me for a while .	0
you are welcome ,  sir ,  to cyprus .	0
cheer up ,  good adam .	0
if you interrupt this monster with one more word ,  i’ll beat you like a piece of salted fish .	0
silence !	0
no port is free ,  no place that guard and most unusual vigilance does not attend my taking .	0
where are you taking me ?	0
you will answer ,   “ the slaves are ours .  ”  so do i answer you .	0
nay ,  i am sure it is ,  volumnius .	0
the man i' th' moon !	0
romeo is coming.	0
i’m determined to be heard by someone .	0
i gave him no order .	0
what support did i have other than edward ?	0
his father ,  if i do say so myself ,  is an honest but very poor man ,  and ,  thank god ,  likely to live a long time .	0
thy threats have no more strength than her weak prayers . — helen ,  i love thee .	0
my good lysander!	0
his beard was grizzled, no?	0
but herein mean i to enrich my pain, to have his sight thither and back again.	0
stop ,  oh !	0
nor i ,  my lord ,  in faith .	0
yet i wish i could .	0
and you, the judges, watch carefully.	0
speak; tell me.	0
you’ve stolen both my job and my name !	0
how art thou out of breath when thou hast breath to say to me that thou art out of breath ?	0
i am poisoned .	0
i believe we must leave the killing out, when all is done.	0
but ,  my good lord ,  the words of you and lord buckingham are as trustworthy to me as if i had seen and heard him speak myself .	0
i know my lady will strike him .	0
no, in truth, sir, he should not.	0
one word more shall make me scold you ,  if not hate you .	0
only three so far ?	0
by what ?	0
how can that be ,  when you have the voice of the king himself for your succession in denmark ?	0
was i with you there for the goose ?	0
then i ,  and you ,  and all of us fell down ,  whilst bloody treason flourished over us .	0
but have i fall'n ,  or no ?	0
why ,  caesar straddles the narrow world like a giant ,  and we petty men walk under his huge legs and look forward only to dying dishonorably ,  as slaves .	0
has it come to this?	0
if this proves to be a vision of the island ,  i shall lose one dear son twice .	0
ay ,  but i know— what dost thou know ?	0
i recognize your face perfectly ,  even without a sailor’s cap on your head . —take him away .	0
two of both kinds make up four .	0
is it four o'clock ?	0
or ,  if you will marry ,  make it a fool ,  by mary ,  for wise men know well enough what monsters you make of them .	0
we used to think so too .	0
madam ,  i will .	0
this grave shall have a living monument .	0
by god ,  i will tell the king about these taunts .	0
whip me ,  you devils ,  from the possession of this heavenly sight !	0
you, mistress, all this trouble is because of you.	0
the one who makes her queen ,  of course .	0
tear him ,  tear him !	0
the devil damn thee black, thou cream-faced loon!	0
why ,  headstrong liberty is lashed with woe .	0
these english woes will make me smile in france .	0
most high, most mighty, and most puissant caesar, metellus cimber throws before thy seat an humble heart.	0
i durst have denied that before you were so choleric .	0
fore god ,  an excellent song .	0
that’s a nice hat you’ve got there .	0
thou shalt be lord of it and i’ll serve thee .	0
he, when he hears of her, cannot refrain from the excess of laughter.	0
how comes it ?	0
and be these juggling fiends no more believed ,  that palter with us in a double sense ,  that keep the word of promise to our ear ,  and break it to our hope .	0
if you do intend to live ,  then mourn .	0
o, find him!	0
no, who are you?	0
i am one ,  sir ,  that comes to tell you your daughter and the moor are now making a satan .	0
and me too .	0
i must needs wake you.	0
or say ,  sweet love ,  what thou desirest to eat .	0
but are they safe ,  ariel ?	0
though all things foul would wear the brows of grace ,  yet grace must still look so .	0
by god’s sonties ,  ’twill be a hard way to hit .	0
why ,  that man is a total fraud and rascal .	0
for ,  by my fay ,  i cannot reason .	0
come ,  hamlet ,  come ,  and take this hand from me .	0
is the king coming ,  i beg you ?	0
look ,  here she comes ,  with your ungovernable wives in tow ,  like prisoners of her womanly persuasion . —katherine ,  that cap of yours doesn’t look good on you .	0
hark ,  hark !	0
do it at once ,  or thy precedent services are all but accidents unpurposed .	0
saint francis ,  help me !	0
being unprepared ,  our will became the servant to defect ,  which else should free have wrought .	0
of course we will .	0
o, fie!	0
i am almost afraid to stand alone here in the churchyard; yet i will adventure.	0
but as of right this second all these things are yours .	0
but what though ?	0
they are coming to the play.	0
help !	0
to bait fish withal: if it will feed nothing else, it will feed my revenge.	0
you shall mark many a duteous and kneecrooking knave, that doting on his own obsequious bondage wears out his time, much like his master's ass, for naught but provender; and, when he's old, cashier'd.	0
can such things be ,  that can overcome us like a summer's cloud ,  without puzzling us ?	0
what if a man bring him a hundred pound or two to make merry withal ?	0
what ,  the chain ?	0
fetch me my rapier, boy.	0
and i’ve never met any men besides you and my father .	0
you talk about killing?	0
it’s proper that we speak first ,  which is why we sent our proposals ahead of us for your consideration .	0
now ,  by saint george ,  i am too young for you .	0
good to see you ,  iago .	0
who ever knew the heavens could be so threatening?	0
if you did ,  i don’t care .	0
let him alone; i'll follow him no more with bootless prayers .	0
are you going to say good things about the man who killed your cousin ?	0
right glad i am he was not at this fray.	0
i denied you not .	0
god knows i loved my niece ,  and she is dead ,  slandered to death by villains that dare as well answer a man indeed as i dare take a serpent by the tongue . — boys ,  apes ,  braggarts ,  jacks ,  milksops !	0
what ,  do you look pale ?	0
have by some surgeon ,  shylock ,  on your charge ,  to stop his wounds ,  lest he do bleed to death .	0
ay ,  if messala will prefer me to you .	0
you asked for justice ,  so rest assured you’ll get more justice than you bargained for .	0
think on thy sins .	0
listen, get going and, once and for all, stop following me!	0
there is so much that thou wilt kill me straight .	0
had i been any god of power ,  i would have sunk the sea within the earth ,  or ere it should the good ship so have swallowed and the fraughting souls within her .	0
when he’s there next time ,  i’ll send my daughter to see him .	0
weeping] i am a fool [weeping] i am a fool to weep at what i am glad of .	0
why, you deboshed fish you, was there ever a coward that has drunk so much sack as i have today?	0
did you just give us the finger ,  sir ?	0
how ?	0
i’ll go along ,  no such sight to be shown ,  but to rejoice in splendor of mine own .	0
farewell .	0
i pray you ,  speak not .	0
letters ,  my lord ,  from hamlet .	0
i didn’t do anything .	0
but this would be too cold a place to sleep if he hadn’t warmed himself with ale .	0
no doubt ,  my liege ,  if each man do his best .	0
if our eyes were policemen ,  they might capture two thieves at once while we’re embracing .	0
i tell you ,  i feel very jolly remembering such a beautiful dream .	0
that head ,  my lord ?	0
these sentences ,  to sugar or to gall ,  being strong on both sides ,  are equivocal .	0
farewell ,  my dearest sister ,  fare thee well .	0
tomorrow ,  while it’s still early ,  i will go see the witches .	0
please take them off .	0
i ask that again because nothing can be wrong if she is well .	0
i do attend here on the general; and think it no addition, nor my wish, to have him see me woman'd.	0
i don’t like to see misery over - played ,  and duty dying in his service .	0
i hear him .	0
good morning to all these lovely people .	0
i'll bring you to him.	0
i’ll leave you .	0
the men there won’t give a penny to a lame beggar ,  but they’ll pay ten cents to look at a freak show exhibit .	0
they’re playing with me .	0
nay, go not back.	0
his dishonesty appears in leaving his friend here in necessity and denying him .	0
there is some strange thing toward ,  edmund .	0
what was th' impediment that broke this off ?	0
o heavenly mingle !	0
and find i am alone felicitate in your dear highness' love .	0
then music with her silver sound ”with speedy help gives relief from sorrow.” what kind of an annoying knave is this guy?!	0
ha ,  ha !	0
i told you ,  sir ,  they were red - hot with drinking; so full of smoothness that they beat the air for breathing in their faces; beat the ground for kissing their feet; yet always bending towards their project .	0
i guarantee you, my man is as true as steel.	0
my liberty.	0
by mary ,  that  “ marry ”  is what i want to talk about .	0
you must not think then that i am drunk .	0
that’s  “ ninus’s grave ,  ”  man .	0
oh peace ,  prince dauphin !	0
stop arguing and listen to my plans .	0
he would drown the stage with tears and split the audience’s with horrid speech ,  make the guilty crazy ,  and shock the innocent ,  confuse the ignorant ,  and amaze ,  indeed ,  the very faculties of eyes and ears .	0
come on ,  sir ,  let’s go .	0
no ,  my good lord ,  it’s only foolishness ,  but it is such a kind of misgiving as would maybe trouble a woman .	0
since i’m suddenly all the rage ,  it will be worth the cost .	0
now good digestion wait on appetite, and health on both!	0
i say  “ force ”  because brutus would rather i stuck sharp blades and poisoned arrows in his ears than fill them with this .	0
go ahead .	0
it’s a deal .	0
i’ll invite the duke and all of his followers .	0
go on ,  tell it .	0
be at ease .	0
help ,  ho !	0
great kings of france and england ,  i owe you both equal service and loyalty .	0
the temple - haunting martlet ,  this bird of summer ,  approves this place by his loved dwelling places ,  that heaven's breath smells wooingly here .	0
the selfsame name ,  but one of better nature .	0
curse your families !	0
but how long shall that title  “ ever ”  last ?	0
utter your gravity o'er a gossip's bowl, for here we need it not.	0
what is't thou canst demand ?	0
tis midnight .	0
he shall ,  sir ,  an't please him .	0
is it good e'en ?	0
in such a night thisbe fearfully tripped over the dew, and saw the lion's shadow before the lion itself, and ran away dismayed.	0
but what’s the matter ,  clarence ?	0
he wouldn’t be a lion if romans weren’t female deer.	0
be careful ,  signior baptista ,  lest you be made the dupe in this business .	0
a thousand times the worse ,  to want thy light !	0
i think you’ve been frowning too much recently .	0
by janus ,  i think no .	0
i frown upon him ,  yet he loves me still .	0
let them in .	0
will you be ready ?	0
my eyes itch—is that an omen i’ll be crying soon ?	0
no ,  take my life and everything ,  don’t pardon that: you take my house when you take the prop that holds my house up; you take my life when you take the means by which i live .	0
are you crazy ?	0
lovers and madmen have such busy brains ,  such ability to shape fantasies ,  that they catch more than cool reason ever understands .	0
then have at you with my wit!	0
let me lick thy shoe.	0
o, here i will set up my everlasting rest, and shake off the bonds of unlucky stars from my world-wearied body.	0
hie to your chamber .	0
the gentleman will ,  for his honor’s sake ,  have one bout with you .	0
i’ll grant you that i’m a woman ,  but i am ,  besides ,  a woman that lord brutus married .	0
come ,  blade ,  drench my breast with blood .	0
she had a song of  “ willow ,  ”  an old thing ’twas ,  but it expressed her fortune and she died singing it .	0
keep me in your thoughts and go comfort your cousin .	0
thanks, rosencrantz and gentle guildenstern.	0
did we ,  my lord ?	0
confess yourself to heaven; repent what's past; avoid what is to come; and do not spread the compost on the weeds to make them ranker .	0
but we already swore ,  sir .	0
macbeth does come .	0
and i do hope good days and long to see .	0
what’s your name ?	0
i see thee compass'd with thy kingdom's pearl that speak my salutation in their minds, whose voices i desire aloud with mine: hail, king of scotland!	0
ho ,  daughter !	0
in my mind's eye, horatio.	0
was it so late ,  friend ,  ere you went to bed ,  that you do lie so late ?	0
from a certain knight who swore on his honor that the pancakes he was eating were good ,  and that the mustard on top of them—he swore on his honor—was bad .	0
shall i deny you ?	0
i’ll fight you .	0
my love ,  my life ,  my soul ,  beautiful helena !	0
i’m going to find out what you’re thinking .	0
here is a friar, trembling, sighing, and weeping.	0
othello's occupation's gone !	0
yes ,  my lord .	0
i’m telling you ,  this house is dark .	0
tonight, i will throw writings in his windows, all tending to the great opinion that rome holds his name, by several different hands, as if they came from several citizens, in these writings, i will analyze, although obscurely, caesar's ambition.	0
i remember wooing a pea plant in her name ,  and then taking two pea pods and begging her to wear them  “ for my sake .  ”  those of us who are really in love will do the strangest things .	0
now, by this hand, i gave it to a youth, a kind of boy, a little scrubbed boy no taller than you, the judge's clerk; a chattering boy that asked for it as a fee; i could not, for my heart, deny him the ring.	0
on what compulsion must i?	0
this fellow’s of exceeding honesty and knows all quantities ,  with a learnèd spirit ,  of human dealings .	0
very like ,  very like .	0
sweet montague ,  be true .	0
ay ,  my good lord .	0
i hang onto your thoughts .	0
come ,  hang them on this line .	0
what prisoners of good sort are taken ,  uncle ?	0
from down here ,  i thought his eyes looked like full moons .	0
up and down ,  up and down ,  i will lead them up and down .	0
now will he sit under a medlar tree and wish his mistress were that kind of fruit as maids call medlars when they laugh alone .	0
welcome, dear rosencrantz and guildenstern!	0
i’ve become an enemy to my own soldiers !	0
better macbeth than such an one to reign .	0
i do believe it against an oracle.	0
every fool can tell that.	0
you thief of love !	0
the man in the moon !	0
you can’t speak about something you don’t feel.	0
this is one lucianus, nephew to the king.	0
it beats as it would fall in twenty pieces .	0
he's dead, he's dead, he's dead!	0
what trumpet is that same ?	0
some god direct my judgment!	0
oh ,  antony !	0
we won’t go today—or any day until it’s clear that it shall be whatever time i say it is .	0
tis the curse of service, preferment goes by letter and affection, and not by old gradation, where each second stood heir to the first.	0
keep me balanced and sane .	0
is romeo slaught'red, and is tybalt dead?	0
look here upon this picture and on this one, the representation of two brothers.	0
could you tell me how near the enemy is ?	0
here’s too much  “ out upon thee !  ”  i pray thee ,  let me in .	0
stand aside .	0
he says so .	0
to find you.	0
he’s a lord to a lord and a man to a man .	0
beating trinculo] as you like [beating trinculo] as you like this, give me the lie another time.	0
so tell me what’s been going on .	0
drown'd!	0
go now and get cash .	0
yet once again proclaim it publicly ,  if any friend will pay the sum for him ,  he shall not die; so much we tender him .	0
what said he ?	0
i can .	0
i’m begging you ,  tell me who it is quickly ,  and speak fast .	0
very impressive .	0
the triplex ,  sir ,  is a good tripping measure ,  or the bells of saint bennet ,  sir ,  may put you in mind—one ,  two ,  three .	0
was that done like cassius ?	0
send me away ?	0
within this three hours will fair juliet wake .	0
lady!	0
i do not bid thee call .	0
o ,  pardon me; it will do me good to walk .	0
she fainted at the sight of them bleeding .	0
go then; for it’s useless to look for him here when he intends not to be found .	0
the early village cock hath twice done salutation to the morn .	0
speak once again .	0
come now !	0
was it so late, friend, before you went to bed, that you overslept?	0
o ,  she is lame !	0
what, wilt thou hear some music, my sweet love?	0
oh, you were an angel that saved me!	0
sir ,  amen .	0
o ,  yet i do repent me of my fury ,  that i did kill them .	0
i am finished.	0
but ,  by your favor ,  how near’s the other army ?	0
good god, soon we’ll remove the thing that makes us strangers!	0
general ,  be advised ,  he comes to bad intent .	0
since he went into france ,  i have been in continual practice .	0
how now ?	0
that's strange .	0
they’re overdoing it .	0
o villain ,  villain !	0
what’s this ?	0
because it will make you angry ,  and that will get me another beating .	0
you’re like the poor cat in the old story .	0
where, my lord?	0
we'll have it tomorrow night .	0
but swords i smile at ,  weapons laugh to scorn ,  brandish'd by man that's of a woman born .	0
holy franciscan friar !	0
this fellow will out - talk us all .	0
what would you ,  desdemona ?	0
well pray you ,  father .	0
that may be ,  for you bear a many superfluously ,  and ’twere more honor some were away .	0
this damned witch sycorax ,  for mischiefs manifold and sorceries terrible to enter human hearing ,  from argier ,  thou know’st ,  was banished .	0
he is coming .	0
i’ll back you up .	0
it was the lark, the herald of the morn; no nightingale.	0
i'll look to like, if looking liking move; but no more deep will i endart mine eye than your consent gives strength to make it fly.	0
a snake could do that as easily as you could .	0
go with me .	0
with him !	0
he went hence but now ,  and certainly in strange unquietness .	0
what ,  look'd he frowningly ?	0
is ’t so saucy ?	0
flute ,  the bellows - mender !	0
if love plays rough with you ,  play rough with  come on ,  let’s knock and go in .	0
patience ,  good sir .	0
your majesty ,  see here—if it won’t offend your grace—what a complete ,  rascally ,  beggarly ,  lousy rat this is .	0
but step aside ,  fairy !	0
you jig and amble ,  and you lisp ,  you nickname god’s creatures and make your wantonness your ignorance .	0
what are you?	0
free from the bondage you are in ,  messala .	0
to whom do you speak this ?	0
i say he shall go to prison .	0
please ,  educate me .	0
you drive me past the bounds of a maiden's patience .	0
fair lovers, it’s good that we found you here.	0
where are lysander and beautiful hermia ?	0
but, for your private satisfaction, because i love you, i will let you know.	0
let’s go in together ,  and still keeping your silence ,  i beg you .	0
o god !	0
tonight ,  my lord ?	0
then if we lose this battle ,  you’ll be willing to be led in chains through the streets of rome ?	0
this night.	0
go to the harbor immediately !	0
what unlucky event is up so early ,  that calls me from my morning's rest ?	0
let them take it whatever way they will.	0
by mary ,  i’ll teach you .	0
o sir ,  fly this place .	0
that’s the way to do it !	0
you go to seek the lord hamlet .	0
nay ,  i have offered all ,  i have no more ,  and she can have no more than all i have .	0
let’s look for some desolate shade and there cry our hearts out .	0
he will do all in all as hastings doth .	0
o, there are actors that i have seen perform and heard others praise, and highly too, not to speak too harshly, that, having neither the accent of christians, nor the walk of a christian, a pagan, or a man, have so strutted and yelled that i have thought some of nature's hired help had made them and not made them well, they imitated mankind so dreadfully.	0
i fear thee!	0
counterfeit ,  i assure you .	0
in happy time ,  iago .	0
see ,  ladies ,  how they scorn me now .	0
pretty ,  cupid - like boys stood on either side of her ,  smiling and cooling her with multicolored fans ,  which seemed to fan the flames in her cheeks even as they cooled them ,  undoing what they did .	0
fair youth ,  i would i could make thee believe i love .	0
faith ,  i can tell her age unto an hour .	0
why ,  now you die as bravely as titinius ,  and may be honored ,  being cato's son .	0
the forfeit ,  sovereign ,  of my servant’s life ,  who slew today a riotous gentleman lately attendant on the duke of norfolk .	0
was this ambition?	0
but ,  look ,  poor me ,  what a terrible tragedy is here !	0
but how is it that this memory lives in your mind ?	0
this is a scurvy tune too: but here's my comfort.	0
good countrymen ,  let me leave alone ,  and ,  for my sake ,  stay here with antony .	0
god be at your table !	0
age ,  thou art shamed !	0
this lanthorn doth the hornèd moon present .	0
you don’t know what you’re doing !	0
o sweet mistress, speak!	0
they didn’t come by you?	0
it is the blessèd sun .	0
why, have you seen anything more wonderful?	0
am i a married man or a bachelor?	0
you’re wrong ,  sir ,  i do care about something .	0
if the future turns out as i hope it will ,  i’m all set for success .	0
doesn’t it, do you thank, become my responsibility to kill he that has killed my king, and whored my mother, push himself in between the election and my hope to be king, tried to kill me, and with such knowledge, isn’t it perfect duty to kill him with this arm?	0
if so ,  my eyes are oftener washed than hers .	0
tis far off ,  and rather like a dream than an assurance that my remembrance warrants .	0
how smart a lash that speech doth give my conscience!	0
let us therefore eat and drink .	0
leave us .	0
i’ll take my leave .	0
something from venice, surely.	0
tedious and brief !	0
your head is as full of quarrels as an egg is full of meat; and your head has even been beaten like a rotten egg for quarrelling .	0
i have to stay with the servants ,  who are with our camp’s luggage .	0
the ground is brown .	0
i say my daughter is my flesh and my blood.	0
you have done well, that men must lay their murders on your neck.	0
i have a head ,  sir ,  that will find out logs and never trouble peter for the matter .	0
it is so .	0
i love you with so much of my heart that none of it is left to protest with .	0
with patience ,  noble lord ,  as prisoners must .	0
one of you speak for both of you.	0
no ,  faith ,  lords and great men will not let me .	0
you are welcome here ,  my friends .	0
and wait ,  good nurse ,  behind the abbey wall .	0
we'll bet them who has the first boy for a thousand dollars .	0
what say the augurers ?	0
come now, your promise.	0
he’s not jealous ?	0
young man ,  excuse me ,  how do i get to the jew’s ?	0
and this.	0
to bed, to bed; there's knocking at the gate.	0
tis true ,  most worthy signior .	0
i asked you again ,  and you scratched your head and stamped your foot impatiently .	0
unfaithful to me !	0
o thou foul thief ,  where hast thou stow'd my daughter ?	0
ha !	0
but my uncle - father and aunt -  mother are deceived .	0
touching this vision here ,  it is an honest ghost ,  that let me tell you .	0
he is like a god and knows the truth .	0
one unperfectness shows me another ,  to make me frankly despise myself .	0
that’s how i always do it ,  getting money from fools .	0
nurse ?	0
pooh!	0
i mean, an we be in choler, we'll draw.	0
i can behold no longer .	0
fight to the death ”  is his motto .	0
it cannot be .	0
and there she shall at friar lawrence' cell be shrived and married .	0
i have a head, sir, that will find out where the logs are, i don’t have to bother peter.	0
our poor father ,  clarence !	0
the air smells light and sweet to our gentle senses .	0
thus it must be .	0
no ,  no ,  the bell .	0
i think that ,  since she must die once ,  i have the patience to endure it now .	0
oh ,  for pete’s sake !	0
as mine eyes opened ,  i saw their weapons drawn .	0
he is ready at the door: he comes, my lord.	0
mistake no more .	0
i mean ,  lay my head on your lap ?	0
whither am i going ?	0
you thief of love !	0
god ye good e'en ,  fair gentlewoman .	0
the dance done, i'll watch to see where she’ll stand, and, touching her hand, will make blessed my rude hand.	0
you are welcome ,  masters ,  welcome ,  all .	0
go release them ,  ariel .	0
poor man !	0
in every detail.	0
no ,  noble romeo ,  you’ve got to dance .	0
the jewels you have had from me to deliver to desdemona would half have corrupted a votarist .	0
was it hamlet who wronged laertes?	0
then god be praised ,  it  petruchio ,  do whatever you like .	0
juliet ! —fast ,  i warrant her ,  she . — why ,  lamb !	0
she's dead ,  pitiful day !	0
in his wild fit, hearing something stir behind the curtain, he whips out his knife, cries 'a rat, a rat!	0
o good horatio, what a wounded name that is, things left unknown like this, shall live after me!	0
be that the uttermost, and fail not then.	0
why ,  then ,  it’s time to put on my armor and instruct the troops .	0
madam ,  madam ,  madam !	0
get thee gone ,  but do it .	0
these chests may not be what they seem outside: the world is still tricked by ornament .	0
is there any voice more worthy than mine to speak more sweetly into great caesar's ear to ask for a repeal of my banished brother’s sentence ?	0
an ’twere to me ,  i should be mad at it .	0
sweet montague ,  be true .	0
merciful heaven!	0
in fact ,  i’d do even more to him than what you’ve heard him promise to do .	0
hurry ,  go up to the roof .	0
get going ,  then ,  robin ,  make the night darker; cover the stars in the sky with drooping fog ,  as black as acheron ,  and lead these testy rivals so astray that they will not come within another's way .	0
go ,  pindarus ,  climb a little higher on this hill .	0
i remember this fellow—he once played the eldest son of a farmer .	0
with demetrius.	0
o villainy !	0
are you a suitor to the maid you talk of ,  yea or no ?	0
yes, sir, that soaks up the king's face, his rewards, his authorities.	0
romeo cries aloud, ”stop, friends!	0
most mighty caesar ,  let me know some cause ,  lest i be laugh'd at when i tell them so .	0
they laugh that win .	0
i am not stephano, but a cramp.	0
do you confess so much ?	0
let him send no more— unless perchance you come to me again to tell me how he takes it .	0
my good lord !	0
truly, a peck of dry food; i could munch your good dry oats.	0
what ring gave you my lord ?	0
this is not a maiden ,  as you say ,  but an old man—wrinkled ,  faded ,  and withered .	0
no .	0
are you alive?	0
perhaps i say this before a willing slave .	0
don’t bother us .	0
why ,  one that swears and lies .	0
i'll swear on that bottle to be your true subject ,  because that liquor is not earthly .	0
faith, there has been much to do on both sides; and the nation holds it no sin to tarre them to controver- sy.	0
yes ,  my lord .	0
what ,  you shake at that ?	0
as he was fortunate ,  i rejoice at it .	0
soldiers ,  sir .	0
where ?	0
o ,  spare my guiltless wife and my poor children ! — keeper ,  i prithee sit by me awhile .	0
he does make our fire ,  fetch in our wood ,  and serves in offices that profit us . —what ,  ho !	0
but to be frank ,  and give it thee again .	0
alack, sir, i am sand-blind, i know you not.	0
most heartily i beg the court to give the judgment .	0
yes ,  sweet rosalind .	0
after you ,  sir .	0
marry, bachelor, her mother is the lady of the house.	0
well ,  that’s a fine answer .	0
where do you think he is now ?	0
even by the rule of that philosophy by which i did blame cato for the death which he did give himself: i know not how, but i do find it cowardly and vile, for fear of what might fall, so to prevent the time of life: arming myself with patience to stay the providence of some high powers that govern us below.	0
the lady’s overdoing it ,  i think .	0
nerissa ,  cheer yon stranger; bid her welcome .	0
now ,  whether or not he kills cassio ,  or cassio him ,  or each do kill the other ,  i gain in every way .	0
o ,  i’m killed !	0
longer ,  longer .	0
tis even so ,  for let our finger ache and it endues our other healthful members even to that sense of pain .	0
the ditty does remember my drowned father .	0
please understand a plain man in his plain meaning: let your fellows come on ,  bid them cover the table ,  serve in the meat ,  and we’ll come in to dinner .	0
o lamentable day !	0
give me my robe .	0
if i can hide my face ,  let me play thisbe too .	0
that’s my sister .	0
who calls ?	0
ready .	0
by the mass, it is morning; pleasure and work make the hours seem short.	0
tis very true .	0
it will not let you eat ,  nor talk ,  nor sleep ,  and ,  could it work so much upon your shape as it hath much prevail'd on your condition ,  i should not know you ,  brutus .	0
a night isn’t much time for addressing matters of this importance .	0
nine or ten times i had thought to have yerk'd him here under the ribs.	0
i’ll cross myself .	0
he does well to praise himself, because no one else will praise him.	0
come, my lord; and, as we fly, tell me how it happened this night that i was found here sleeping on the ground with these mortals.	0
a knight on a quest ?	0
the sight is sad, and our affairs come too late from england.	0
faith ,  niece ,  you tax signor benedick too much ,  but he’ll be meet with you ,  i doubt it not .	0
methinks i see my cousin's ghost seeking out romeo, that did spit his body upon a rapier's point.	0
god knows when we shall meet again .	0
i was too young that time to value her ,  but now i know her .	0
he’s talking with the bogus father about the bogus son .	0
talk not to me .	0
a tanner will last you nine years .	0
this is an aspic’s trail ,  and these fig leaves have slime upon them ,  such as th’ aspic leaves upon the caves of nile .	0
ay me ,  it is my husband .	0
edmund is dead ,  my lord .	0
you see ,  her eyes are open .	0
i make all use of it ,  for i use it only .	0
i knew him when he listened to nothing but the military drum and fife; now he would rather hear the sweet and refined music of the tabor and pipe .	0
any man that can write may answer a letter.	0
ay, hamlet.	0
but, look!	0
ha, banishment?	0
not a jot ,  not a jot .	0
take up my mistress' gown for thy master’s use !	0
sometimes i think i’m no smarter than average .	0
o mighty caesar!	0
i have told thee often ,  and i re - tell thee again and again ,  i hate the moor .	0
we please them not by land .	0
art thou a man ?	0
what ,  you’re dressed !	0
howl ,  howl ,  howl ,  howl !	0
no ,  i swear i’m not .	0
sir topas ,  sir topas !	0
nay ,  pray you ,  mark .	0
twere damnation to think so base a thought: it were too gross to rib her cerecloth in the obscure grave.	0
come, hold your peace.	0
where is duncan’s body ?	0
for us ,  you know whose he is we are ,  and that is caesar’s .	0
if you are prospero, give us details of how you were saved; how you have met us here, who were wrecked on this shore three hours ago, where i have lost,— how sharp the point of this memory is!— my dear son ferdinand.	0
here are my keys . —but why should i go ?	0
wash your hands ,  put on your nightgown; look not so pale .	0
here come brabantio and the brave moor .	0
then repeat this after me: you can’t expect women to be faithful when men are so unreliable .	0
can vengeance be pursued any further than death ?	0
what handkerchief ?	0
by heaven ,  it is as proper to our age to cast beyond ourselves in our opinions as it is common for the younger sort to lack discretion .	0
who ,  i ?	0
it lies in you .	0
if it takes on my noble father's appearance ,  i’ll speak to it ,  though hell itself should open wide and order me to be silent .	0
noble mercutio ,  put your sword away .	0
no ,  nor more fearful .	0
am i that name, iago?	0
i think it is not meet mark antony ,  so well beloved of caesar ,  should outlive caesar .	0
let him go and presently prefer his suit to caesar .	0
but, lepidus, go you to caesar's house, fetch the will hither, and we shall determine how to cut off some charge in legacies.	0
never let such disagreements come between our souls!	0
mistress !	0
a very pleasing night to honest men.	0
when shall we three meet again?	0
most heathenish and most gross !	0
there's a daisy .	0
whither are they vanish'd?	0
it is no matter .	0
the flags have fallen .	0
i never heard such gallant scolding; because ,  besides the groves ,  the skies ,  the fountains ,  every region near seemed to have one mutual cry .	0
the air bites sharply ,  it is very cold .	0
o ,  i’m sorry i was so angry that i did kill them .	0
why, how now, kinsman?	0
so sorrow's heaviness doth heavier grow for debt that bankrupt sleep doth sorrow owe; which now in some slight measure it will pay, if for his tender here i make some stay.	0
before the bat has flown his hidden flight ,  before black hecate's summons are heard ,  before the dung beetle ,  with his drowsy hums ,  rings the bell to end the night ,  there shall be done a deed of dreadful note .	0
what, are you mad?	0
o ,  my good lord ,  i would speak with you !	0
i’ll hear brutus speak .	0
for this slave ,  if there be any cunning cruelty that can torment him a lot and stop him a long time ,  it shall be his .	0
i remember the first time ever caesar put it on .	0
come, bird, come.	0
no ,  not till thursday .	0
i can read my own fortune in my misery .	0
why do you show me this ?	0
what, here, horatio!	0
who else should it be ?	0
first ,  marcus brutus ,  i will shake with you;— next ,  caius cassius ,  i take your hand;— now ,  decius brutus ,  yours;—now yours ,  metellus;— yours ,  cinna;—and ,  my valiant casca ,  yours;— though last ,  not least in love ,  yours ,  good trebonius .	0
with drink, sir?	0
one ,  gentlewoman ,  that god has made for himself to damage .	0
woe ,  woe are we ,  sir ,  you may not live to wear all your true followers out .	0
in thee there is not half an hour of life .	0
and you'll keep it secret ?	0
go .	0
dies] [dies] moonshine and lion are left to bury the dead.	0
and take good note what caesar doth ,  what suitors press to him .	0
look you, these are the holes to cover.	0
alas ,  what is the matter ?	0
from the dread summit of this chalky bourn .	0
we’ll maintain that she died the instant she was accused ,  and everyone who hears this will grieve for her ,  pity her ,  and excuse her actions .	0
ah, sirrah, this unlook'd-for sport comes well.	0
i cannot only remember such things that were ,  that were most precious to me .	0
let’s have your applause, if we are friends, and robin shall make good on his promise.	0
and if your clothes were as thin as mine ,  you’d really feel the air .	0
our wars are done.	0
if i was ,  then i shouldn’t ask casca what had happened .	0
how oft when men are at the point of death have they been merry!	0
hamlet ,  remember me .	0
wait !	0
come ,  down into the boat .	0
what is ’t o'clock ?	0
seyton—i am sick at heart ,  when i behold—seyton ,  i say ! —this push will cheer me ever or disseat me now .	0
oh ,  what a sinful thought !	0
if he be taken ,  he shall never more be feared of doing harm .	0
believe not so .	0
that’s where we’ll meet with macbeth .	0
not poppy ,  nor mandragora ,  nor all the drowsy drugs of the world ,  shall ever bring you that sweet sleep which you had yesterday .	0
your wild actions resemble the irrational fury of a beast .	0
will you have some more sauce to your leek ?	0
no, not until thursday.	0
i am sorry i beat thee .	0
trinculo, run into no further danger: interrupt the monster one word more and, i swear, i'll turn you out of doors, and make a dried fish out of you.	0
it’s orlando ,  who triumphed over both the wrestler and you in the same instant .	0
the juice of it on sleeping eye-lids laid will make or man or woman madly dote upon the next live creature that it sees.	0
go get thee to thy love ,  as was decreed ,  ascend her chamber ,  hence and comfort her .	0
o ,  one too much by thee !	0
is there more toil ?	0
problems with no solutions should not be thought about .	0
which is the merchant here ,  and which the jew ?	0
madam ,  i wish it may .	0
yes ,  my lord .	0
that’s all i want ,  and i’ll do anything to accomplish it .	0
be ruled by me; depart in patience ,  and let us to the tiger all to dinner ,  and about evening come yourself alone to know the reason of this strange restraint .	0
what, man!	0
let me find him ,  fortune !	0
it is better as it is.	0
i am bound to you forever .	0
he got what he deserved .	0
and have you mercy too !	0
you have forgotten ,  and you think it’s a burden when i ask you to walk through the ocean ,  or run on the north wind ,  or do business for me underground when the earth’s frozen solid .	0
oh spite !	0
there's wood enough within .	0
my lord?	0
we learn no other but the confident tyrant keeps still in dunsinane, and will endure our setting down before't.	0
the handkerchief!	0
but why aren’t you in your shop today?	0
and it’s good to have joy in such a joyless time .	0
while then ,  god be with you !	0
i tell you i requested that your master cut out the gown ,  but i didn’t ask him to cut it all to pieces .	0
the king enacts more wonders than a man ,  daring an opposite to every danger .	0
bring me to him .	0
my master will be here ere morning .	0
a madness most discreet, a choking acid, and a preserving sweet.	0
to a convent, go, and quickly too.	0
and do you now strew flowers in his way that comes in triumph over pompey’s blood ?	0
how vexest thou this man !	0
listen to him talk about war ,  and you’ll hear elegant and thrilling accounts of the battles .	0
you will be boastful !	0
they won’t pinch me ,  frighten me ,  push me in the mud ,  or mislead me unless he tells them to .	0
amaze the welkin with your broken staves—	0
god save you ,  sir .	0
o gentle son, upon the heat and flame of thy distemper sprinkle cool patience!	0
a living puppet show.	0
you can figure out the rest .	0
you’re cold ,  cold ,  and you were never hot with lust .	0
i think i see a friend who will pay my bail and save my life .	0
are you hiding your forehead with a golden crown ,  when ,  if there was any justice in this world ,  it should be branded with the murders you committed—your slaughter of the prince who held that crown ,  and of my sons and my brothers ?	0
i’m not insulting you .	0
everything except something to live on .	0
i hold your dainties cheap ,  sir ,  and your welcome dear .	0
why then, thus it is: you must prepare your bosom for his knife.	0
our will is antony be took alive .	0
read it, great caesar.	0
by divine providence .	0
but one ,  poor one ,  one poor and loving child ,  but one thing to rejoice and solace in ,  and cruel death hath catched it from my sight !	0
i’ll do any decent thing ,  my lord ,  to help my cousin get a good husband .	0
no ,  we’ll reason with him .	0
i must protest your comments good heart ,  and in faith i will tell her as much .	0
any man that can write may answer a letter .	0
she gives it out that you shall marry her .	0
rub him around the temples.	0
too late is more like it .	0
oh earth ,  which soaks up this blood ,  revenge his death !	0
oh ,  father abraham ,  what are these christians ,  whose own hard dealings teach them to suspect the thoughts of others .	0
revenge .	0
it looks just like the dead king !	0
besides, it should appear, that if he had the present money to discharge the jew, he would not take it.	0
there will be a feast from five o'clock until eleven .	0
i must be gone .	0
and what about that ?	0
that's villainous and shows a most pitiful ambition in the fool that uses it .	0
and get out of my sight!	0
is there division between my lord and cassio?	0
two thousand ducats by the year of land !	0
shall i descend ?	0
o ,  three times sorrow fall ten times treble on that cursed head whose wicked deed deprived you of your most wonderful intelligence !	0
god made him ,  and so let him pass for a man .	0
if she be a traitor ,  why so am i .	0
i think she’s the most wonderful woman i’ve ever laid eyes on .	0
there's none ,  or little of that .	0
sir, in algiers.	0
my lord, my lord!	0
alas, he is betray'd, and i undone!	0
she turned to folly, and she was a whore.	0
i long that we were safe and sound aboard .	0
nay then, let the devil wear black, for i'll have a suit of sables.	0
i’ll devil - porter it no further .	0
hie you to church .	0
what if i obey?	0
do you love me ?	0
happily met ,  my lady and my wife !	0
didn’t i use to have four or five women taking care of me ?	0
what do you want from me ?	0
gentlemen ,  you are welcome to elsinore .	0
yes ,  noble lord .	0
ay ,  on my life ,  and hopes to find you forward upon his party for the gain thereof; and thereupon he sends you this good news ,  that this same very day your enemies ,  the kindred of the queen ,  must die at pomfret .	0
do not for one repulse forgo the purpose that you resolved t'effect.	0
o iago ,  the pity of it ,  iago !	0
do you not see that i am out of breath ?	0
you’re not too sharp, casca, and those sparks of life that should be in a roman, you want, or else, you don’t use what you have.	0
were you the doctor ,  and i knew you not ?	0
nor stony tower, nor walls of beaten brass, nor airless dungeon, nor strong links of iron, can be retentive to the strength of spirit; but life, being weary of these worldly bars, never lacks power to dismiss itself.	0
dolabella ,  i will always be in debt to you .	0
but ,  for certain ,  he cannot buckle his distempered cause within the belt of rule .	0
since i was so drawn to studying things like logic ,  grammar ,  geometry ,  and astronomy ,  i let my control of the government slide a bit ,  being too wrapped up in my occult books .	0
he hath assembled bocchus ,  the king of libya; archelaus ,  of cappadocia; philadelphos ,  king of paphlagonia; the thracian king ,  adallas; king manchus of arabia; king of pont; herod of jewry; mithridates ,  king of comagen; polemon and amyntas ,  the kings of mede and lycaonia ,  with a more larger list of scepters .	0
now, good angels preserve the king!	0
you have me ,  have you not ?	0
she’s dead ,  like a beautiful flower ,  killed by an unseasonable frost .	0
why do we hold our tongues, that most may claim this argument for ours?	0
my lord?	0
leave wringing of your hands .	0
madam ?	0
has cassius lived to be only mirth and laughter to his brutus ,  when sadness and ill - tempered blood aggravates him ?	0
why grow the branches when the root is gone ?	0
what i should think of this i cannot tell ,  but this i think: there’s no man is so vain that would refuse so fair an offered chain .	0
this the nature whom passion could not shake ?	0
come on ,  you’re a fool ,  and driven to extreme measures by love .	0
welcome, iago; we must go to the guard.	0
they could not ,  would not do ’t .	0
so you got what you deserved ,  and were locked up in this cave ,  which is more fitting for the likes of you than a prison would be .	0
halt !	0
it shall advantage more than do us wrong.	0
just remember to grab his books first ,  since without them he’s just a poor fool like me ,  and can’t command a single spirit .	0
who is this fool who wants all the fuss of marriage ?	0
please, remember i have worked faithfully for you, told you no lies, made no mistakes, served without a grudge or grumblings.	0
your wife ,  sir ,  your wife .	0
stay here a minute .	0
macbeth!	0
but who comes here?	0
i have a salt and sorry rheum offends me; lend me thy handkerchief .	0
she will indite him to some supper .	0
oh ,  behold how pomp is followed !	0
i hope better .	0
you can ride him easily ,  and he responds well when you pull the reins .	0
is the king leaving here today ?	0
your songs ?	0
come on then, let's to bed.	0
go, one of you, and call the jew into the court.	0
had she been true ,  if heaven would make me such another world of one entire and perfect chrysolite ,  i’d not have sold her for it .	0
but are they safe, ariel?	0
do not say so ,  lysander; say not so .	0
now what ?	0
good night, good night!	0
no, my good lord, it’s only foolishness, but it is such a kind of misgiving as would maybe trouble a woman.	0
dismiss me ?	0
put out your torches .	0
o, this is rebellion, you false danish dogs!	0
hear me ,  hear me what i say: he that strikes the first stroke ,  i’ll run him up to the hilts ,  as i am a soldier .	0
when will we get to the top of that cliff ?	0
that “may be” must be, love, on next thursday.	0
tell not me of mercy;— this is the fool that lent out money gratis;— gaoler ,  look to him .	0
but like i said ,  when she tasted the bitter wormwood on my nipple ,  the pretty little babe got irritated and started to quarrel with my breast .	0
run ,  run ,  my lord .	0
by the mass, 'tis morning; pleasure and action make the hours seem short.	0
o slanderous world !	0
that has made him crazy.	0
at your kind'st leisure.	0
what can you see out on the ocean ?	0
goodbye .	0
sir ,  sir !	0
what is it ?	0
for this slave, if there be any cunning cruelty that can torment him a lot and stop him a long time, it shall be his.	0
murellus and flavius ,  for pulling scarfs off caesar’s images ,  are put to silence .	0
my lord, i will use them according to their desert.	0
i remember .	0
convey her to my tent .	0
thus ,  then ,  here it is; the valiant paris seeks you for his love .	0
and i’ll use my methods so well ,  that they shall go far with little effort .	0
tom’s chilly .	0
if that her breath will mist or stain the stone ,  why then ,  she lives .	0
must i give way and room to your rash anger?	0
it’s best to rehearse there ,  because if we do it here in the city ,  we’ll be bothered by crowds of people and everyone will know the plot of our play .	0
yes ,  my good lord .	0
yes ,  mousetraps to catch fools .	0
why ,  here’s no crab ,  and therefore look not sour .	0
no, my lord.	0
some of those lines had more feet than the  that’s not a problem: the feet can bear sure ,  but these feet were	0
priest .	0
judgment ?	0
that’s most appropriate .	0
turn, hell hound, turn!	0
friar !	0
well ,  there has been a lot of comment on both sides ,  and the nation holds it no sin to provoke them to controversy .	0
go on before .	0
demetrius and egeus, go along; i must employ you in some business against our nuptial, and confer with you of something nearly that concerns yourselves.	0
heaven rest them now !	0
the best in this kind are but shadows; and the worst are no worse ,  if imagination amend them .	0
come out .	0
so ,  take me ,  death !	0
you shall have time to wrangle in when you have nothing else to do .	0
i should not then ask casca what had chanced .	0
ay ,  widow dido .	0
we give out the medicine for the sickly commonwealth, and with him we pour, into our country's purge, each drop of us.	0
may ’t please your highness sit .	0
avaunt ,  and quit my sight !	0
tomorrow you need to get more money sent to you .	0
give me answer to it .	0
well ,  i say no .	0
o comfortable friar!	0
will you agree with me that ferdinand is drowned ?	0
and wake the goddess of love with a hymn; pierce your mistress’ ear with sweetest touches, and bring her home with music.	0
we will meet; and there we may rehearse most obscenely and courageously.	0
the play’s the thing wherein i’ll catch the conscience of the king .	0
what manners is in this, to press before thy father to a grave?	0
why ,  but you are now well enough .	0
fetch me this herb ,  and be thou here again ere the leviathan can swim a league .	0
pluck them asunder .	0
tell us ,  othello .	0
to gonzalo] wherefore this what's the matter?	0
bloody ,  bawdy villain !	0
i will ,  lady .	0
get going ,  and ,  at the sunken place by the river acheron ,  meet me in the morning .	0
if you are merciful ,  open the tomb ,  lay me with juliet .	0
but here comes my father .	0
you are my love ,  my love ,  i think .	0
sir toby would bet a fortune that i’m not smart ,  but he wouldn’t bet two cents that you’re not a fool .	0
may not one speak ?	0
but i’ll amerce you with so strong a fine that you shall all repent the loss of mine .	0
behold where stands the usurper's cursed head.	0
what is the matter ,  ho ?	0
and if you wrong us, shall we not revenge?	0
for england?	0
why do you repeat it, woman?	0
why should not i then prosecute my right?	0
you have not called me so ,  nor have you cause .	0
sir ,  march is wasted fifteen days .	0
to our house .	0
i had rather hear my dog bark at a crow than a man swear he loves me .	0
nature would not invest herself in such shadowing passion without some reason .	0
i will tomorrow— and betimes i will—to the weird sisters .	0
thou must know ,  ’tis not my profit that does lead mine honor; mine honor ,  it .	0
a man ,  young lady !	0
thanks ,  my good countryman .	0
it is myself i mean ,  in whom i know all the particulars of vice so grafted that ,  when they shall be open'd ,  black macbeth will seem as pure as snow ,  and the poor state esteem him as a lamb ,  being compared with my confineless harms .	0
turn, hell-hound, turn!	0
or did she ask for them ,  with such a beautiful question as soul to soul allows ?	0
how is ’t with you ,  my most fair bianca ?	0
i do remember well where i should be ,  and there i am .	0
one face ,  one voice ,  one habit ,  and two persons !	0
please give in ,  sweet hermia . —and lysander ,  stop acting like she’s yours .	0
hath there been such a time—i would fain know that— that i have positively said ,   “ 'tis so ,  ”  when it proved otherwise ?	0
god save the king !	0
thou hast quarreled with a man for coughing in the street because he hath wakened thy dog that hath lain asleep in the sun .	0
i didn’t see anybody use you for kicks .	0
why do you speak so startingly and rash ?	0
what’s your name ,  friend ?	0
two thousand souls and twenty thousand ducats will not debate the question of this straw.	0
is it true ?	0
i swear to you by cupid's strongest bow, by his best arrow, the one with the golden head, by the simplicity of venus' doves, by that which knits souls and favors lovers, and by that fire which burned dido, the carthage queen, when the false trojan, aeneas, was seen sailing away,— by all the vows that men have forever broken, in greater numbers than women have ever spoken,— in that same place you have described to me, i will meet you tomorrow, truly.	0
we’ll bury him ,  and then ,  what’s brave ,  what’s noble ,  let’s do ’t after the high roman fashion and make death proud to take us .	0
must i give in?	0
help me into some house ,  benvolio ,  or i shall faint .	0
i’ve been singing ever since you made your daughters into your mothers by giving them all your power .	0
what would you have with me ?	0
well ,  death's the end of all .	0
so you’ll go to hell ?	0
you speak truly; it is so, indeed.	0
how like a prodigal doth she return; with over-weather'd ribs, and ragged sails, lean, rent, and beggar'd by the strumpet wind!	0
you seem to understand me, since you each are laying a scrawny finger upon your skinny lips.	0
but if i had wit enough to get out of this wood ,  i have enough to serve mine own turn .	0
let’s hear what antony has to say .	0
would it be better if i were that ,  instead of what i am ?	0
lysander ,  where are you going with all this ?	0
o fool!	0
there art thou happy too .	0
marry, my child, early next thursday morn the gallant, young, and noble gentleman, the county paris, at saint peter's church, shall happily make thee there a joyful bride.	0
quite dumb ?	0
all eyes !	0
i know our country disposition well; in venice they do let heaven see the pranks they dare not show their husbands; their best conscience is not to leave't undone ,  but keep't unknown .	0
appear and pertly ! — no tongue .	0
philomel with melody sing in our sweet lullaby .	0
let her not walk in the sun .	0
sport ?	0
foolish curs ,  that run winking into the mouth of a russian bear and have their heads crushed like rotten apples .	0
oh cousin ,  cousin ,  cousin ,  my sweet little cousin ,  i wish you knew how deep in love i am .	0
is ’t good or bad ?	0
madam ,  i go with all convenient speed .	0
why ,  then ,  we kill all our women .	0
had you rather caesar were living and die all slaves, than that caesar were dead to live all freemen?	0
your brother gloucester hates you .	0
they said they were acting for you .	0
when he stands where i am and sees you there .	0
my own ears heard it ,  and you know it .	0
therefore i have entreated him along with us to watch the minutes of this night ,  that if again this apparition come he may approve our eyes and speak to it .	0
what would you ?	0
what can’t it do ?	0
will you think so ?	0
that's villainous and shows a most pitiful ambition in the fool that uses it.	0
i can only say that you are due more than all of us can ever pay.	0
halt !	0
here comes another of the tribe; a third cannot be matched ,  unless the devil himself turn jew .	0
i’ll prove with my sword that i’m not scared of you .	0
i lead a charmed life ,  which can’t be ended by anyone born from a woman .	0
what ,  lucius !	0
and i.	0
but his flawed heart— alack ,  too weak the conflict to support— 'twixt two extremes of passion ,  joy and grief ,  burst smilingly .	0
it’s nice to see children playing well together .	0
why do you come?	0
who can command the forest and make the trees pull their roots out of the earth ?	0
here they come .	0
hark ,  a word with you .	0
his eyes were set at eight i' the morning .	0
i would not kill thy unpreparèd spirit .	0
and thus she means ,  videlicet— asleep ,  my love ?	0
there’s part of a power already footed .	0
the sweetest honey is loathsome in his own deliciousness and in the taste confounds the appetite.	0
find the jew's house, give him this deed, and let him sign it; we'll leave tonight, and be a day ahead of our husbands coming home.	0
i warrant you ,  madam .	0
o, wonderful!	0
fellow ,  come here; look at caesar .	0
he ,  he ,  it is he .	0
i have a suit to you .	0
hates any man the thing he would not kill?	0
but even if i thought you were right ,  it doesn’t matter .	0
now by my life ,  old fools are babes again and must be used with checks as flatteries ,  when they are seen abused .	0
that deceived man lives in bliss who, certain of his fate, doesn’t love who wronged him; but o, what damned stories he tells about who loves, but doubts, suspects, but strongly loves!	0
set on ,  and leave no ceremony out .	0
to save her life ,  i’ll say she is not so .	0
o, that we could come by caesar's spirit then and not dismember caesar!	0
here is a friar that trembles ,  sighs and weeps .	0
well ,  by this i can see that you don’t love me as much as i love you .	0
get information from her .	0
no ,  in despite of sense and secrecy ,  unpeg the basket on the house's top ,  let the birds fly ,  and like the famous ape ,  to try conclusions ,  in the basket creep and break your own neck down .	0
what early tongue so sweet saluteth me ?	0
call them .	0
if you like what you see of the land ,  the profit that’s possible ,  and this rustic life ,  i’ll be your faithful servant ,  and buy the place with your gold right away .	0
good question ,  my girl .	0
but this is bad !	0
then we'll shift our ground .	0
this is exactly the false way that verses gallop along .	0
both ?	0
this?	0
i do defy thy commination and apprehend thee for a felon here .	0
tell me ,  heavenly rainbow ,  if you know ,  if venus the goddess of love or cupid ,  her son ,  now wait on the queen ?	0
that’s the way of the world .	0
then we can let this ambitious tyrant continue unchallenged until each of us is killed at his whim .	0
look ,  they weep ,  and i ,  an ass ,  am onion - eyed .	0
have patience ,  gentle friends ,  i must not read it; it isn’t proper that you know how caesar loved you .	0
damn it !	0
if it’s no more than this ,  then portia is brutus' whore ,  not his wife .	0
i’ve never seen a creature with a human shape who was so eager to destroy a man .	0
are you talking about the crown ?	0
only why couldn’t i say, "amen"?	0
for your dwelling ,  briefly .	0
you heard her say it wasn’t me .	0
i call'd my love false love; but what said he then ?	0
fly, my lord, fly!	0
not us .	0
my lord ,  for all i know .	0
and, sister, as the winds give benefit and convoy is assistant, do not sleep, but let me hear from you.	0
why have you come here in such a mob ?	0
let them guard the door .	0
a noble duke ,  in nature as in name .	0
o inhuman dog!	0
is that true ?	0
it must be your imagination then, and not theirs.	0
then this was an island—except for the son that she had here ,  a freckled pup ,  born of a witch—not resembling any human shape .	0
i don’t have it with me .	0
i do not know one of my sex ,  no woman’s face remember— save ,  from my glass ,  mine own .	0
beat them down !	0
that last part is true; my rest was the sweeter.	0
ever note ,  lucilius ,  when love begins to sicken and decay it useth an enforced ceremony .	0
now ,  by heaven ,  my blood begins my safer guides to rule ,  and passion ,  having my best judgement collied ,  assays to lead the way .	0
a halter gratis; nothing else ,  for god's sake !	0
why ,  therefore fire ,  for i have caught extreme cold .	0
but listen ,  charmian .	0
time calls upon ’s .	0
fairy king ,  attend and mark; i do hear the morning lark .	0
feed and regard him not .	0
oh wicked wall ,  through whom i see no bliss ,  cursed be your stones for deceiving me like this !	0
only, for all this, when i shall tread upon the tyrant's head, or wear it on my sword, my poor country shall still have more vices than it had before, more suffer, and in more ways than ever before, by the man who shall succeed the king.	0
mad for thy love ?	0
that will be ere the set of sun .	0
my lord bassanio ,  listening to more advice ,  has sent you this ring here ,  and asks your company at dinner .	0
so says the prince and my new - trothèd lord .	0
you more invest it !	0
madam ,  i wish it may .	0
i did .	0
very ill ,  too .	0
but till i come again ,  no bed shall e'er be guilty of my stay ,  no rest be interposer ’twixt us twain .	0
let me lick your shoe .	0
soon we will toast around the table .	0
no ,  i will .	0
this mean task of mine would be as heavy to me as hateful ,  except that the mistress i serve makes alive what's dead ,  and makes my labors pleasurable: oh !	0
i may not leave it so .	0
his absence ,  sir ,  means he didn’t keep his promise .	0
i have forsworn his bed and company .	0
since you’re old and respected ,  you should be wise .	0
here lies the water—good.	0
i found him here as melancholy as a lodge in a warren .	0
that’s always true .	0
i’ve spent five years in the remotest parts of greece and roaming all over asia .	0
and speak ’t again ,  my lord .	0
he knows me as the blind man knows the cuckoo, by my bad voice.	0
is not this man jealous ?	0
can we finish our lunch ?	0
a little bit .	0
since you love money and power so much ,  i won’t be your wife .	0
beat—	0
only i’m afraid your nature; it is too full of the milk of human kindness to a shortcut to power .	0
do it immediately ,  or all your previous services to me were accidental ,  without purpose .	0
my lord ,  as i was sewing in my closet ,  lord hamlet ,  with his doublet all unbraced ,  no hat upon his head ,  his stockings fouled ,  ungartered ,  and down - gyved to his ankle; pale as his shirt ,  his knees knocking each other ,  and with a look so piteous in purport as if he had been loosed out of hell to speak of horrors ,  he comes before me .	0
i humbly thank your ladyship.	0
michael ,  good night .	0
good sir ,  why do you start ,  and seem to fear things that do sound so fair ?	0
what?	0
faith ,  none but humfrey hower ,  that called your grace to breakfast once ,  forth of my company .	0
that gallant spirit has gone into the clouds ,  which saw an untimely death here on earth .	0
tennis balls ,  my liege .	0
so you’ll bring the necklace to her yourself ?	0
a good person who does something wrong is only patched up with sin .	0
then, venom, to thy work.	0
good morrow ,  worthy caesar .	0
what kind of manners is it to go to a grave before your father ?	0
why ,  then 'tis none to you; for there is nothing either good or bad but thinking makes it so .	0
he’ll have to kill both of us ,  and indeed we’re both men .	0
then it’s getting close to the time when the spirit has his habit of walking .	0
yes, sir, i have indeed.	0
i’m afraid our plan has been discovered.	0
make haste; thou know'st where i will tarry.	0
do you mark that ?	0
love ,  and be friends as two such men should be .	0
revenge .	0
take my advice .	0
so ,  without further ado ,  the best thing to do now is probably just to shake hands and go our separate ways .	0
the music ,  ho !	0
your husband ,  is noble ,  wise ,  judicious ,  and best knows what to do in these times .	0
i wish you all the best .	0
but if these ,  as i am sure they do ,  bear fire enough to kindle cowards and to steel with valor the melting spirits of women ,  then ,  countrymen ,  what need we any spur but our own cause to prick us to redress ?	0
your shoes are in pretty bad shape .	0
are not those in commission yet return'd?	0
eyes ,  do you see ?	0
hark thee, clitus.	0
good my sovereign ,  take up the english short ,  and let them know of what a monarchy you are the head .	0
men’s faces are truthful ,  whatever their hands do .	0
first let me talk with this philosopher . —	0
wife, children, servants, all that could be found.	0
double ,  double ,  toil and trouble; fire ,  burn; and caldron ,  bubble .	0
i cannot live to hear the news from england, but i do prophesy the election lights on fortinbras.	0
all that's spoken is marred.	0
my own flesh and blood to rebel !	0
there thou shouldst be; by this great clatter ,  one of the greatest note seems bruited .	0
o ,  pardon me; ‘twill do me good to walk .	0
i’ll give the first one ,  pompey .	0
thus far with rough and all - unable pen our bending author hath pursued the story ,  in little room confining mighty men ,  mangling by starts the full course of their glory .	0
looking toward england ,  we reminisced about the countless frightening experiences we’d had in the wars between the yorks and the lancasters .	0
my lord .	0
i have made bold ,  iago ,  to send for your wife .	0
one word more, good lady.	0
come ,  how wouldst thou praise me ?	0
any comfort he gets is like cold oatmeal .	0
your worm is your only emperor for diet .	0
goodbye.	0
this is some minx's token, and i must take out the work?	0
well, my good lord, i'll do't.	0
but wasn’t this near the shore ?	0
one smile from him would repair my decayed beauty .	0
twenty thousand crowns now ,  and half my lands after my death .	0
welcome ,  good marcellus .	0
i had all i could do to calm his anger !	0
when duncan is asleep— whereto the rather shall his day's hard journey soundly invite him—his two chamberlains will i with wine and wassail so convince, that memory, the warder of the brain, shall be a fume and the receipt of reason a limbec only.	0
when truth kills truth ,  oh devilish - holy fight !	0
if you like ,  you can rest a while in my room .	0
it is ,  it is .	0
what’s the news ?	0
just to the tower—i’m guessing ,  for the same reason you are: to salute the noble princes who are staying there .	0
tell me how .	0
i should have known it .	0
and when she weeps ,  weeps every little flower ,  lamenting some enforcèd chastity .	0
you have obtain'd it .	0
get out of that position ,  because i can disarm you with my magic wand and make your sword drop .	0
fare you well ,  jessica .	0
no more of that.	0
mistress !	0
what is my name ?	0
oh i wish your frowns would teach my smiles to have that effect!	0
i don’t understand all dat .	0
sir ,  are not you my father ?	0
our son shall win .	0
but this good comfort bring i to your highness: the breton navy is dispersed by tempest .	0
you’ve kept away from me for a week ?	0
emperor caesar ,  dead and turned to clay ,  might stop a hole to keep the wind away .	0
how have i behaved ,  that he might put the smallest opinion on my least misconduct ?	0
trust not to rotten planks .	0
o, kinsman too nice, and yet too true!	0
yes ,  desdemona .	0
your majesty ,  hear now ,  saving your majesty’s manhood ,  what an arrant ,  rascally ,  beggarly ,  lousy knave it is .	0
what if it tempt you toward the flood, my lord, or to the dreadful summit of the cliff that beetles o'er his base into the sea, and there assume some other horrible form, which might deprive your sovereignty of reason and draw you into madness?	0
flute, the bellows-mender!	0
neither heaven nor earth have been at peace tonight .	0
that’s it—i’m done .	0
a piece of him .	0
what's he that follows there ,  that would not dance ?	0
where’s antonio ,  then ?	0
nor i ,  my lord .	0
macbeth ! — had i three ears ,  i’d hear thee .	0
no, messala.	0
all's well now ,  sweeting; come away to bed .	0
what's the news with you?	0
what a fearful night is this!	0
by my head, here come the capulets.	0
oh romeo ,  romeo ,  brave mercutio is dead !	0
in few, ophelia, do not believe his vows; for they are brokers, not of that dye which their investments show, but mere implorators of unholy suits, breathing like sanctified and pious bonds, the better to beguile.	0
honestly ,  then i’m afraid you are dammed both by father and mother; when i keep away from the sea monster ,  your father ,  i fall into an equal evil ,  your mother; well ,  you are gone both ways .	0
you lie out of it, sir, and therefore it’s not yours.	0
there thou speak’st reason .	0
i am sped .	0
what didn’t you like ?	0
be not disturbed with my infirmity.	0
yet we must not put the strong law on him .	0
say  “ better .  ”  here comes one of capulet’s relatives .	0
love is like smoke rising with clouds of sighs; being cleansed, a fire sparkling in lovers' eyes; being vexed, a sea nourished with lovers' tears.	0
tell him his pranks have been too excessive to put up with, and that your grace has taken a lot of heat because of him.	0
silvius ,  tell this youth what it means to be in love .	0
i hate the word peace like i hate hell ,  all montagues ,  and you .	0
despised, distressed, hated, martyred, killed!	0
come, good sir, will you show me to this house?	0
that’s what’s driving her crazy .	0
i thought the king had more affected the duke of albany than cornwall .	0
do you really think that if it came down to my word against yours ,  anyone would believe you ?	0
to bait fish with: if it feeds nothing else ,  it will feed my revenge .	0
the love that follows us sometime is our trouble ,  which still we thank as love .	0
as i told you before ,  i am subject to a tyrant ,  sorcerer ,  that has cheated me of the island by his cunning .	0
well ,  time will tell .	0
aside.	0
your eldest daughters have fordone themselves ,  and desperately are dead .	0
not true .	0
is he not honest?	0
poor soul ,  thy face is much abus'd with tears .	0
o, that's an honest fellow.	0
let whatever’s going to happen, happen.	0
listen to me ,  jessica: lock up my doors ,  and when you hear the drum ,  and the vile squealing of the long - necked pipe ,  don’t run up to the windows then ,  or thrust your head into the public street to gaze on christian fools with varnished masks; but stop my house's ears -  i mean my windows; don’t let the sound of shallow foolishness enter my sober house .	0
where was she born ?	0
now ,  signior petruchio ,  how are you getting on with my daughter ?	0
not that i think you did not love your father, but that i know love is begun by time, and that i see, in passages of proof, time qualifies the spark and fire of it.	0
problems with no solutions should not be thought about.	0
this is the day which ,  in king edward’s time ,  i wished might fall on me when i was found false to his children and his wife’s allies .	0
i will roar that i will do any man's heart good to hear me; i will roar ,  that i will make the duke say ‘let him roar again ,  let him roar again . ’ an you should do it too terribly ,  you would fright the duchess and the ladies ,  that they would shriek; and that were enough to hang us all .	0
is he dead ?	0
may the tongues of our critics rot !	0
ay ,  my lord .	0
i don’t care what you think of me .	0
what impossible matter will he make easy next ?	0
if you were as young as i am ,  if you were in love with juliet ,  if you had just married her an hour ago ,  if then you murdered tybalt ,  if you were lovesick like me ,  and if you were banished ,  then you might talk about it .	0
ay, good my lord.	0
who now the price of his dear blood doth owe?	0
was there ever a book containing such vile matter so beautifully bound ?	0
who is here so rude that would not be a roman?	0
this naughty man shall face to face be brought to margaret ,  who i believe was packed in all this wrong ,  hired to it by your brother .	0
i’ll have no worse a name than jove’s own page ,  and therefore look you call me ganymede .	0
commend me to your honorable wife: tell her the story of antonio's end; say how i loved you; speak fairly about me in death; and ,  when the tale is told ,  ask her to be the judge of whether bassanio didn’t once have a love .	0
tell her to come to me .	0
your noble shape is only a form of wax ,  deviating from the valor of a man; your dear love sworn is empty lies ,  killing that love which you have vowed to cherish; your wit ,  that ornament to shape and love ,  disfigured in the conduct of them both ,  like powder in a recruit soldier's flask ,  is set a - fire by your own ignorance ,  and you dismembered by your own defense .	0
he said that the people weren’t used to being spoken to except by the  what blocks of wood !	0
you know the meeting place.	0
tis for the dead, not for the quick; therefore thou liest.	0
can vengeance be pursu'd further than death?	0
or are you just teasing ?	0
why, so i do.	0
fool !	0
my lord ,  he wonders why you have assembled such troops of citizens to speak with him ,  since he had no idea they were coming .	0
and how he loves caesar !	0
come ,  sisters ,  cheer we up his sprites ,  and show the best of our delights .	0
arrest me if you dare .	0
god save the king !	0
go away .	0
why are you acting so angry ?	0
we will not have enough food and drink for this feast.	0
now ,  antony ,  our prayers have been answered .	0
she’s a remarkable lady ,  if the rumors are to be believed .	0
amen to that, sweet powers!	0
these violent delights have violent ends and in their triumph die, like fire and powder, which, as they kiss, consume.	0
fa ,  sol ,  la ,  mi .	0
i want to be this duke’s servant .	0
i shouldn’t make you do more than you’re able .	0
what ,  dead ,  my dove ?	0
have you got a soul or sense?	0
hie to high fortune!	0
go tell him about this .	0
god bless thee ,  and put meekness in thy breast ,  love ,  charity ,  obedience ,  and true duty .	0
i can no more .	0
weeping] i am a fool [weeping] i am a fool to weep at what i am glad of.	0
no ,  but the barber’s assistant has been seen with him .	0
my best endeavours shall be done herein .	0
by my count i was your mother pretty close to the age that you are now .	0
o villainous !	0
come ,  my lord ,  and in our flight tell me how it came this night that i sleeping here was found with these mortals on the ground .	0
let me have a small vial of poison ,  such quickly acting medicine that it will disperse itself throughout all the veins in order that the life - weary taker may fall dead ,  and that the body may suffocate as violently as speedy gunpowder hurries a bullet from a gun barrel .	0
i am very glad to see you, signior; welcome to cyprus.	0
and so you do .	0
here she comes ,  the brilliant fool - catcher .	0
or ,  if you don’t delay ,  make my wedding bed in the tomb where tybalt lies .	0
what news more ?	0
they could be content to go to other places, and come down with fearful bravery, thinking that by this face to impress our minds, they have courage; but it’s not true.	0
there are things in this comedy of pyramus and thisbe that will never work .	0
when it concerns the fool or coward .	0
our son shall win.	0
go ,  hang yourselves all !	0
my legs may be yellow ,  but i don’t feel blue .	0
no ,  you won’t die yourself ,  but only by proxy .	0
o clitus!	0
why does the jew wait?	0
let’s follow him ,  gertrude .	0
tody of them so i can do what’s best out of concern for their honor and the safety of the kingdom .	0
what ceremony else ?	0
what ,  frighted with false fire ?	0
romeo spoke nicely to him, asked him to consider how silly the quarrel was, and in addition, advised him of your high displeasure.	0
i sent you money ,  sir ,  to be your bail by dromio ,  but i think he brought it not .	0
girls who marry so young grow up too soon .	0
i don’t mean he’s	0
it is impossible you should see this were they as prime as goats, as hot as monkeys, as salt as wolves in pride, and fools as gross as ignorance made drunk.	0
the work we enjoy is not really work .	0
why ,  uncle ,  'tis a shame .	0
o brave monster !	0
do you mark that ?	0
what committed.	0
vile earth ,  to earth resign; end motion here ,  and thou and romeo press one heavy bier !	0
crystal is muddy.	0
so you are obliged to revenge ,  when you shall hear me .	0
help ,  dear lord ,  or the battle will be lost !	0
your mother .	0
you’re not being a good friend ,  iago ,  if you even  please don’t ask me to tell you .	0
let us rather stop the mortal sword quickly, and, like good men, climb over our down-fallen country.	0
we'll wait upon you .	0
i'll play this bout first; set it by awhile.	0
not life ,  but love in death .	0
look here upon this picture ,  and on this ,  the counterfeit presentment of two brothers .	0
if a jew offends a christian ,  what’s the christian’s kind and gentle reaction ?	0
this deed will be well welcome to lorenzo.	0
heaven will guide its course .	0
i’m ready .	0
the point is that she didn’t write this letter .	0
no ,  taking you away from your new marriage would be like showing a child a new coat and then not letting him wear it .	0
in action how like an angel!	0
i’m off ,  my lord .	0
move these eyes?	0
some man or other must look like a wall, and let him have some plaster, or some loam, or some rough-cast cement around him to signify the wall, and let him hold his fingers open like this, and through that cranny, pyramus and thisbe will whisper.	0
i once writ a sonnet in his praise and began thus:  “ wonder of nature— ”   i have heard a sonnet begin so to one’s mistress .	0
the count’s gentleman ,  one cesario .	0
there’s a cliff there that leans precariously over the deep sea .	0
a dog, a rat, a mouse, a cat, to scratch a man to death!	0
caesar himself is in trouble and there are more adversaries than we expected .	0
i’ve seen her claim to be dying twenty times before ,  and for far less reason .	0
is your englishman so expert in his drinking?	0
farewell !	0
hey ,  spirit !	0
you have forgot the will i told you of .	0
first ,  good peter quince ,  tell us what the play’s about ,  then read the names of the actors; and so get to the point .	0
but things have changed there ,  and it’s easier for them on the road now .	0
more knocking .	0
let me see; i’ll look over the inscriptions again.	0
how sweet love is when it is yours, when only love's shadows are so rich in joy!	0
for every thing is seal'd and done that else leans on the affair .	0
and therefore is love said to be a child ,  because in choice he is so oft beguiled .	0
you, like an exorcist, have brought my dead spirit back to life.	0
faith, half asleep.	0
i remember him well, and i remember him worthy of your praise.	0
do you really think there’s a man fool enough to marry into hell—however rich the father is ?	0
it’s not morning yet.	0
to speak honestly ,  and with no addition to the facts ,  we go to gain a little patch of ground that’s not worth anything except its name .	0
can you inquire him out and be edified by report ?	0
bring them before us.	0
is your englishman so expert in his drinking?	0
what ,  gertrude ?	0
whenever you like.	0
this feather stirs .	0
because he’s daring us to do it .	0
i’d do it myself ,  but i can’t leave my post .	0
i’ll to england .	0
wait for me, if you dare; because i know well that you are running before me, moving from place to place, not daring to stand still or look me in the face.	0
let but the commons hear this testament— which, pardon me, i do not mean to read— and they would go and kiss dead caesar's wounds and dip their napkins in his sacred blood, yea, beg a hair of him for memory, and, dying, mention it within their wills, bequeathing it as a rich legacy unto their issue.	0
she swoons to see them bleed.	0
down ,  and swear .	0
awake remembrance of these valiant dead and with your puissant arm renew their feats .	0
right now?	0
such tricks have strong imagination, that, if it would only catch some joy, it understands some bringer of that joy; or in the night, imagining some fear, how easy is a bush thought to be a bear?	0
servant ,  a word with you .	0
if they do see thee, they will murder thee.	0
you are the queen, your husband's brother's wife, and, i wish it wasn’t so, but you are my mother.	0
what do you think that means ?	0
most noble antony !  ”  then ,  as she was speaking your name ,  a strangled groan split her words .	0
you’re sharpening that knife not on your sole but on your soul ,  you cruel jew .	0
are these our eyes ?	0
and, if that’s not true, how should i wrong a brother?	0
how’s the prince ?	0
think about it .	0
weary sev'nnights nine times nine shall he dwindle ,  peak and pine .	0
i'll tear her all to pieces .	0
tis he that sends us to destroy you here .	0
i must take out the work?	0
travelers ne'er did lie ,  though fools at home condemn 'em .	0
a match !	0
i have to obey .	0
be careful not to fall in .	0
do you hear me ?	0
do as i say, i order you.	0
i will not be afraid of death and bane till birnam forest come to dunsinane .	0
i mean well ,  sir .	0
we don’t think so ,  my lord .	0
i am young ,  but something you may deserve of him through me ,  and wisdom to offer up a weak ,  poor ,  innocent lamb to appease an angry god .	0
and that’s how i’ll turn her good intentions into a big trap to snag them all .	0
but thus ,  i trust ,  you will not marry her .	0
brother, i'll go and bring it to you.	0
stay invisible .	0
this ensign of mine here was turning back; i killed the coward and took it from him .	0
i don’t care .	0
and that distill'd by magic sleights shall raise such artificial sprites as by the strength of their illusion shall draw him on to his confusion .	0
harp not on that string ,  madam; that is past .	0
i’m very sick ,  too .	0
there ,  take you that ,  sir knave .	0
if thou say so ,  withdraw ,  and prove it too .	0
abandon the person that has abandoned himself .	0
show .	0
confusion's cure lives not in these confusions .	0
how came you, cassio, by that handkerchief that was my wife's?	0
i thought i was in love with a donkey .	0
be silent and go in .	0
let's make us medicines of our great revenge, to cure this deadly grief.	0
no ,  my lord ,  i didn’t see anything .	0
ay, a thousand times.	0
if you are mine, i'll give you to my friend; if you aren’t, go hang yourself, beg, starve, die in the streets, because, by my soul, i'll never acknowledge you exist, and you will cut off from your inheritance.	0
my noble uncle, do you know the cause?	0
i know the good king and queen have sent for you.	0
get me some poison, iago; this night.	0
where is my lord ?	0
goodbye .	0
oh ,  my lord ,  my lord ,  forgive my panic !	0
i never may believe these antique fables, nor these fairy toys.	0
yes ,  and wisely .	0
ho, guildenstern!	0
are you insane ,  old man ?	0
you’ll pay me the eight shillings i won of you at betting ?	0
now know you ,  casca ,  i have moved already some certain of the noblest - minded romans to undergo with me an enterprise of honorable - dangerous consequence; and i do know ,  by this they stay for me in pompey's porch .	0
you should then have accosted her ,  and with some excellent jests ,  fire - new from the mint ,  you should have banged the youth into dumbness .	0
go after her .	0
your plantain leaf is excellent for that .	0
is it so ,  countrymen ?	0
tis fit we understand them .	0
the earth hath bubbles as the water has ,  and these are of them .	0
what, brutus?	0
but only hint at this vaguely ,  because ,  as you know ,  my mother’s still alive .	0
i’m not talking about proof yet .	0
but let me hear the letter of your friend .	0
and so she did.	0
can’t you talk ?	0
farewell .	0
most beautiful pagan ,  most sweet jew !	0
iago !	0
come for the third, laertes!	0
and so did i .	0
knock, knock!	0
they are loves i bear to you .	0
he is gone ,  he is gone ,  and we cast away moan .	0
isn’t that he?	0
i could really wish manners would invent some other kind of entertainment .	0
that’s the one .	0
these are now the fashion, and so berattle the common stages—so they call them—that many wearing rapiers are afraid of goose-quills and dare scarce come thither.	0
i’m glad to see you .	0
the king comes here tonight .	0
hortensio ,  have you come to break up the fight ?	0
three or four wenches where i stood cried ,   “ alas ,  good soul !  ”  and forgave him with all their hearts .	0
beware macduff; beware the thane of fife.	0
he were a brave mon -  ster indeed ,  if they were set in his tail my man - monster hath drowned his tongue in sack .	0
i mean ,  what do the words say ?	0
it is a nipping and an eager air .	0
commend me to your honourable wife: tell her the process of antonio's end ,  say ,  how i lov'd you ,  speak me fair in death; and ,  when the tale is told ,  bid her be judge whether bassanio had not once a love .	0
fled to england!	0
it is more worthy to leap in ourselves than tarry till they push us .	0
okay ,  now it starts !	0
i’m sorry you’re leaving my father like this .	0
here ,  sir !	0
they can’t move till you release them .	0
i come to fetch you to the senate house .	0
disobedient wretch!	0
look at this army ,  of such size and power ,  led by a delicate and tender prince ,  whose spirit ,  with divine ambition puffed up ,  makes faces at the invisible event ,  exposing what is mortal and unsure to all that luck ,  death ,  and danger dare to do ,  even for an eggshell .	0
lord ,  may i never see a day of trouble until the day i let someone treat me like that .	0
and she’s obedient ,  as you say ,  obedient ,  very obedient . —proceed you in your tears . — concerning this ,  sir—oh ,  well - painted passion ! — i am commanded home . —get you away ,  i’ll send for you anon . —sir ,  i obey the mandate and will return to venice . —hence ,  avaunt !	0
is it young romeo ?	0
what shall i do ?	0
that handkerchief thou speak'st of i found by fortune and did give my husband; for often with a solemn earnestness ,  more than indeed belong'd to such a trifle ,  he begg'd of me to steal it .	0
now, god help thee, poor monkey!	0
nay, let's follow him.	0
you coward ,  did you run away from me ?	0
i speak not as in absolute fear of you .	0
fear nothing .	0
would you rather hear these things from our mouths or from our master’s ?	0
humble greetings ,  great master !	0
let us hear him .	0
kill me tomorrow; let me live tonight !	0
good morrow to you both .	0
this is some monster of the island ,  with four legs ,  who seems to me to have some kind of ache .	0
or am i mad, hearing him talk of juliet to think it was so?	0
look to ’t .	0
that i did for him .	0
thus ,  i’ll leave without being kissed .	0
kiss him for that ,  good widow .	0
as for lord hamlet ,  only believe so much about him ,  that he is young ,  and he may walk on a higher mountain than may be given you .	0
what a pity ,  what a pity that heaven should practice its strategies on a weak subject such as i am !	0
will you hear it again ?	0
let's tell him goodbye.	0
lay them in gore ,  since you have shore with shears his thread of silk .	0
a king of shreds and patches !	0
by his dress i can tell he’s my countryman ,  but i don’t recognize him .	0
if it pleases you to dine with us .	0
therefore the winds ,  piping to us in vain ,  as in revenge ,  have suck'd up from the sea contagious fogs; which ,  falling in the land ,  hath every pelting river made so proud that they have overborne their continents .	0
my tables—meet it is i set it down that one may smile, and smile, and be a villain; at least i am sure it may be so in denmark.	0
no ,  i'll conjure him up too .	0
mixed it with dust, to which it is related.	0
let me draw the curtains .	0
hast stol'n it from her?	0
but since laertes is better ,  we’ve given him a handicap .	0
so, get ready to cut off the flesh.	0
i am tame ,  sir .	0
why doth it not then our eyelids sink ?	0
the best?	0
that only proves how inexperienced you are .	0
get going now .	0
is yonder the man ?	0
don’t believe in this .	0
pay him six thousand ,  and destroy the promise to pay; double six thousand ,  and then treble that ,  before a friend of this description loses a hair because of bassanio .	0
and cassius too.	0
are you a married man or a bachelor ?	0
do not muse at me, my most worthy friends.	0
go quickly—hurry—to the castle ,  for i’ve given orders to have lear and cordelia killed .	0
i hope to god i’m wrong about your chances .	0
do you say this from heart ?	0
o thou othello, that wert once so good, what shall be said to thee?	0
why ,  this fellow has banished two on ’s daughters ,  and did the third a blessing against his will .	0
be loud and obnoxious .	0
as great to me as late .	0
to cut his throat in the church.	0
fare thee well at once.	0
prepare the body then ,  and follow us .	0
i’ve got the whole barrel ,  man .	0
no sound ,  no word ?	0
i will ,  even if i were king of all kingdoms .	0
poor soul, your face is very wet with tears.	0
my husband lives, that tybalt would have slain; and tybalt's dead, that would have slain my husband.	0
i’m not cinna the conspirator.	0
tell me .	0
why, revenge.	0
what does he say about our marriage ?	0
i take thee at thy word .	0
i grant you .	0
seest thou here ,  this is the mouth o' th' cell .	0
i like him not ,  nor stands it safe with us to let his madness range .	0
my necessaries are embark'd.	0
heaven truly knows that thou art false as hell .	0
let’s shake hands all over again, one by one.	0
that's not so good now.	0
go ,  girl ,  seek these happy nights to give you happy days .	0
what hands are here ?	0
good - bye ,  good queen .	0
murder ,  murder !	0
stand you awhile apart; confine yourself but in a patient list .	0
it was about to speak, when the cock crew.	0
i will hear brutus speak .	0
roderigo killed ?	0
fool ,  do not flatter yourself .	0
unreal mockery, here!	0
o god’s lady dear ,  are you so hot ?	0
and in part him, but,’ you may say, ‘not well.	0
i cannot think you are my son .	0
you too, brutus?— then fall, caesar!	0
lead me to my chamber .	0
yes ,  heavily .	0
woe to the land that’s governed by a child .	0
when powerful kings cave in to flatterers ,  do you think loyal men will be afraid to speak out against it ?	0
and don’t be suspicious of me ,  noble brutus .	0
o ,  it is most sweet ,  when you can kill two birds with one stone .	0
and he would have deserved it too .	0
nature wants stuff to vie strange forms with fancy ,  yet t’ imagine an antony were nature’s piece ’gainst fancy ,  condemning shadows quite .	0
what it is, my caius, i shall unfold to thee, as we are going to whom it must be done.	0
my lord, you play'd once i' th' university, you say?	0
i wish you were someone else’s son .	0
why, what is tybalt?	0
but when this ring parts from this finger ,  then life parts from my body: oh !	0
will you withdraw ?	0
and with such shortened rites?	0
i will fight him there .	0
i have been to seek you .	0
forth, my sword; he dies.	0
go inside ,  nerissa .	0
no such matter!	0
give it to me !	0
can’t you understand what i’m saying ?	0
it wouldn’t hurt you to be charitable .	0
mine, sir.	0
hey monster ,  the spirit you’ve been talking about ,  the one you call harmless ,  has been playing tricks on us .	0
my lord?	0
i’m speechless .	0
twenty - five ,  sir .	0
what time of the day is it?	0
poor prattler ,  how you talk !	0
this would have seemed a period to such as love not sorrow ,  but another to amplify too much would make much more and top extremity .	0
i’m glad about it .	0
sweet ,  sweet ,  sweet nurse ,  tell me ,  what says my love ?	0
i think our garments are now as fresh as they were when we first put them in africa ,  at the wedding of the king's fair daughter ,  claribel ,  to the king of tunis .	0
what ,  lucius !	0
why are you mumbling to yourself instead of answering the order i gave you ?	0
ah, alas!	0
is that enough of an answer ?	0
i heard a bustling rumor, like a riot, and the wind brings it from the capitol.	0
i wasn’t talking to any man at that time ,  my lord .	0
a friend.	0
wherefore do you come ?	0
follow me close, because i will speak to them.	0
where should we have our thanks?	0
if i can fasten but one cup upon him ,  with that which he hath drunk tonight already ,  he’ll be as full of quarrel and offense as my young mistress' dog .	0
that handkerchief you speak of i found by luck and gave it to my husband; because, he begged me to steal it often with a solemn earnestness, more than, indeed, belonged to such a trifle.	0
to adrian] methinks our garments are now as fresh as [to adrian] methinks our garments are now as fresh as when we put them on first in afric, at the marriage of the king's fair daughter claribel to the king of tunis.	0
i will not fight with you.	0
he comes on a wish.	0
i'll break my spells ,  i'll restore their senses ,  and they shall be themselves again .	0
so you thought him ,  and took his voice who should be prick'd to die in our black sentence and proscription .	0
that’s true ,  they are .	0
very like a whale.	0
brave son ,  derived from honorable loins !	0
yeah right !	0
how dost thou like the lord bassanio’s wife ?	0
stay, and speak!	0
what soldiers ,  milk - face ?	0
shall i do that which all the parthian darts ,  though enemy ,  lost aim and could not ?	0
mine ache to think about it .	0
enough .	0
where’s peaseblossom ?	0
what wilt thou tell her ,  nurse ?	0
my leg is cut in two.	0
i will do any modest office ,  my lord ,  to help my cousin to a good husband .	0
that braggart ,  punk villain who fights like he learned swordsmanship from a manual !	0
a very gentle beast ,  of a good conscience .	0
yours ,  yours .	0
yet this is your harmless fairy ,  monster .	0
i won’t sort you with the rest of my servants ,  because ,  to speak to you like an honest man ,  i am most dreadfully attended .	0
was not count john here at supper ?	0
treachery !	0
but did you tell him she cheated on him ?	0
let us not leave him out.	0
thou hast a sister by the mother’s side ,  admired octavia .	0
if thou wilt weep my fortunes ,  take my eyes .	0
seems, madam?	0
with meditating that she must die once ,  i have the patience to endure it now .	0
before me!	0
though our lives—   we have decided ,  my lord .	0
what ,  faithful to being mean and nasty ?	0
let four captains bear hamlet like a soldier to the platform, for he was likely, had he been king, to have proved most royal, and, for his passage, the soldiers' music and the rites of war will speak loudly for him.	0
as i!	0
who is to be buried in't ?	0
who ever would have thought it ?	0
none in the world; nor do i know the man.	0
of one whose hand ,  like the base indian ,  threw a pearl away richer than all his tribe .	0
if he’d written nice things ,  i’d swear yes right away .	0
sweetheart !	0
will you tell me that?	0
who’s this ?	0
i have sent to bid cassio come speak with you .	0
i am sick and sullen .	0
therefore know i have earned of don john a thousand ducats .	0
hamlet comes back .	0
help!	0
o ,  by your leave ,  i pray you ,  i bade you never speak again of him .	0
if you leave me so depressed ,  you do me wrong .	0
caesar, i will.	0
he is a proper man’s picture ,  but alas ,  who can converse with a dumb show ?	0
where had he wine ?	0
god defend and guard us innocents against them !	0
very strangely ,  they say .	0
and i have much less to comfort me than you do ,  since i’ve lost my daughter .	0
shake off this soft sleep ,  death's disguise ,  and look on death itself !	0
he made you for a highway to my bed ,  but i ,  a maid ,  die maiden - widowèd .	0
the quality of mercy is not strained .	0
what should i call you when you’re a man ?	0
why ask you?	0
but i will write again to mantua ,  and keep her at my cell till romeo come .	0
sa ,  sa ,  sa ,  sa .	0
she is not ,  madam .	0
you may be rightly just ,  whatever i shall think .	0
she is persuaded i will marry her ,  out of her own love and flattery ,  not out because of my promise .	0
we found him in the churchyard .	0
we'll make a solemn wager on your cunnings— i ha't!	0
his looks i fear, and his intents i doubt.	0
how came he dead?	0
well ,  to be on the safe side—so i don’t go back on my promise—i plan to get myself married to a wealthy widow within the next three days .	0
help !	0
but there is ,  sir ,  an eyrie of children ,  little eyases ,  that cry out on the top of question and are most tyrannically clapped for ’t .	0
yes ,  my good lord .	0
help me here ,  hello !	0
who bids thee call?	0
i will tell you everything, right as it fell out.	0
good morrow ,  both .	0
barren my wit ?	0
what is thisbe?	0
no ,  i assure you; the wall is down that parted their fathers .	0
god forgive me !	0
i’m the one ,  hamlet .	0
this rudeness is the topping to his good traits ,  which lets men accept his words with better understanding .	0
niece ,  will you take care of those things i mentioned ?	0
ay ,  leeks is good .	0
here come two noble beasts, a moon and a lion.	0
dear lad ,  believe it .	0
there lies that tybalt .	0
take that .	0
for your house , —briefly .	0
thy false uncle— dost thou attend me?	0
come on, nerissa; i have work in hand, that you yet know not of; we'll see our husbands before they think of us.	0
do as you please ,  because i’m done worrying about you .	0
remember that you call on me today; be near me so that i may remember you .	0
i had rather have this tongue cut from my mouth than it should do offence to michael cassio .	0
make sure the ones who have wronged you suffer too .	0
i’m speaking for the king ,  but i look like myself .	0
why, it stood by her.	0
i am no strumpet, but of life as honest as you that thus abuse me.	0
it is not words that shake me like this.	0
she is too big ,  i hope ,  for me to compass .	0
we have been up and down looking for him.	0
thy royal father was a most sainted king: the queen that bore thee, oftener upon her knees than on her feet, died every day she lived.	0
i will hear brutus speak .	0
didn’t he come home tonight?	0
well ,  daughter ,  and you gentlewomen all ,  withdraw into a chamber by yourselves ,  and when i send for you ,  come hither masked .	0
i thought it was the right thing to do .	0
let it suffice thee that i trust thee not .	0
it is the cry of women ,  my good lord .	0
a snail ?	0
tomorrow night when phoebe doth behold her silver visage in the watery glass ,  decking with liquid pearl the bladed grass (a time that lovers' flights doth still conceal) ,  through athens' gates have we devised to steal .	0
gentlemen!	0
yet i fear him ,  for in the ingrafted love he bears to caesar— alas ,  good cassius ,  do not think of him .	0
let them all come down .	0
they stand, and would have parley.	0
pay him six thousand and cancel the debt .	0
very suspicious !	0
what does he say of brutus ?	0
rosencrantz and guildenstern are still going to england.	0
murder ,  murder !	0
madam ,  not now .	0
i wish i were your bird.	0
i will hear that play; for never anything can be amiss when simpleness and duty tender it .	0
good faith ,  how foolish are our minds !	0
if thou beest trinculo ,  come forth .	0
is that true?	0
listen ,  hortensio .	0
i see their knavery: this is to make an ass of me; to fright me ,  if they could .	0
through the forest have i gone, but athenian found i none, on whose eyes i might approve this flower's force in stirring love.	0
is this really happening ?	0
i’ll give the jew my flesh ,  blood ,  bones ,  and everything before you lose one drop of blood for me .	0
this visitation is but to whet thy almost blunted purpose .	0
to every roman citizen he gives seventy - five dollars each .	0
i would rather tell you what to be afraid of more than what i am afraid of, for i’m always caesar.	0
why ,  all these should be in the lanthorn ,  for all these are in the moon . —but silence !	0
if justice cannot tame you ,  she shall ne'er weigh more reasons in her balance .	0
which of you have done this ?	0
let me go in to see the generals .	0
not shafalus to procrus was so true.	0
no, by the church, i haven’t.	0
we are blessed that rome is rid of him.	0
be patient ,  for the world is broad and wide .	0
age, shame on you!	0
sit down and rest.	0
taurus !	0
here comes lorenzo; more about this later.	0
be patient, for the world is broad and wide.	0
i can’t stand her .	0
god forgive me!	0
or do you but counterfeit ?	0
however your wit and luck allow .	0
no other grave on earth shall hold a pair this famous .	0
o, the heavens!	0
and i’m brutus ,  marcus brutus; brutus ,  my country's friend; know me as brutus !	0
hie you to the cell .	0
but hast thou yet latch'd the athenian's eyes with the love - juice ,  as i did bid thee do ?	0
i was enforc'd to send it after him; i was beset with shame and courtesy; my honour would not let ingratitude so much besmear it .	0
yes ,  we should get his support ,  for his mature presence will make others think well of us and speak out in support of our actions .	0
upon what bargain do you give it me ?	0
there's rue for you, and here's some for me.	0
oh ,  the things men dare to do !	0
though our lives— your spirits shine through you.	0
please— chiefly that i might say it in my prayers— what is your name?	0
what ,  is he dead ?	0
i do now let loose my opinion ,  hold it no longer: this is no fish ,  but an islander that hath lately suffered by a thunderbolt .	0
do you know his plans ?	0
rosencrantz and guildenstern are still going to england .	0
i am afraid, standing in this night, that all this is only a dream, too promising and sweet to be real.	0
nay ,  he will answer the letter's master ,  how he dares ,  being dared .	0
but since this has happened ,  you should fix it for your own good .	0
i don’t remember .	0
i wish you had told me you had a different father .	0
the moor replies that he you hurt is of great fame in cyprus and great affinity, and that in wholesome wisdom he might not but refuse you; but he protests he loves you, and needs no other suitor but his likings to take the safest occasion by the front to bring you in again.	0
oh ,  you’re just going to talk about banishment again .	0
then she ran away to grieve alone .	0
what he hath lost, noble macbeth hath won.	0
your slander has broken her heart ,  and now she lies buried with her ancestors in a tomb—ancestors who had never been tainted by scandal until you caused one with your wickedness .	0
stay then; i'll go alone .	0
for, by my faith, i cannot reason.	0
you shall not find ,  though you be therein curious ,  the least cause for what you seem to fear .	0
i say amen ,  gonzalo .	0
i know not .	0
thou art a lady .	0
this prince hath neither claimed it nor deserved it and therefore ,  in mine opinion ,  cannot have it .	0
how do you ,  madam ?	0
what is the cause ,  laertes ,  that your rebellion looks so huge ?	0
d'elbow .  ”        “ d'elbow ,  ”      “ de nick ,  ”    “ de nick .  ”    “ de chin .  ”   “ de sin .  ”	0
o my christian ducats !	0
but such officers do the king best service in the end .	0
oh night with hue so black!	0
sir paris, i will make a desperate offer of my child's love.	0
there ,  tyrant ,  there !	0
what are you thinking?	0
when beggars die there are no comets in the sky .	0
to our horses ,  you gallant princes .	0
slid ,  i’ll after him again and beat him .	0
for shame ,  you generals !	0
proculeius ,  caesar has heard about what you’ve done here and has sent for you .	0
you can have anything you want .	0
what if her eyes were there, they in her head?	0
the queen carouses to thy fortune, hamlet.	0
this one?	0
why then, it is like this: you must prepare your chest for his knife.	0
o shame!	0
the sound is going away .	0
take no note of him .	0
if i could beg others to change their minds ,  begging would convince me ,  too .	0
good sir, whose powers are these?	0
i tell you ,  this will make her angry when she hears about it .	0
hark ,  canst thou hear me ?	0
hear the shrill whistle that brings order to the hubbub .	0
it is a tale told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, signifying nothing.	0
fair love, you faint with wandering in the wood; and, to speak troth, i have forgot our way; we'll rest us, hermia, if you think it good, and tarry for the comfort of the day.	0
i cannot love him .	0
you haven’t seen him since ?	0
the captain that did bring me first on shore hath my maid’s garments .	0
you’re the beautiful one as far as demetrius is concerned .	0
what does this mean, that you, dead corpse, again in full armor, revisit us in the light and shadows of the moon, making night hideous, and making us fools of nature shake our dispositions so horridly with thoughts that go beyond the reaches of our souls?	0
but, in the truth of praise, i take him to be a soul of great note, and his infusion of such dearth and rareness as, to make true talk of him, he is what you see, and whoever copies him, is his shadow, nothing more.	0
here ,  under leave of brutus and the rest— for brutus is an honorable man; so are they all ,  all honorable men— come i to speak in caesar's funeral .	0
murder !	0
sir ,  pardon me in what i have to say .	0
i dare to do all that may become a man; who dares to do more is not a man .	0
never quiet!	0
sometimes snakes wrap around me ,  hissing at me with their forked tongues till i go crazy .	0
were you with rosaline ?	0
my invocation is fair and honest .	0
he knows not yet of his honorable fortune .	0
what were these ?	0
what “half the story,” sir?	0
i will here ,  shroud till the dregs of the storm be past .	0
if we do meet again ,  why ,  we shall smile; if not ,  why then this parting was well made .	0
and of all christian souls, i pray god.	0
we'll put the matter to the present push.— good gertrude, set some watch over your son.	0
pretty ophelia!	0
wish me luck .	0
i did love you once .	0
octavius ,  lead your forces slowly out to the left side of the level field .	0
can we do that ?	0
the gods forbid !	0
claudius !	0
where are these bloody thieves ?	0
yes, beyond all cures.	0
follow me in this joke now until you have worn out your shoe; that, when the single sole of it is worn, the joke may remain, after the wearing, sole singular.	0
so far he topp'd my thought that i, in forgery of shapes and tricks, come short of what he did.	0
sometimes, imitate lysander’s voice, to stir up demetrius’ anger; and sometimes, sound like demetrius; and that way you can lead them from each other, until sleep imitating death creeps over their eyebrows with leaden legs and batty wings.	0
the next hailstone should hit caesarion ,  until one by one all my children ,  and every one of my brave egyptians ,  are killed by the dissolving of this pellet storm and lie unburied ,  covered by gnats and flies .	0
i'll send a friar with speed to mantua ,  with my letters to thy lord .	0
come ,  come ,  you weak ,  ungovernable worms !	0
it makes me mad .	0
i’ll keep your words of wisdom close to my heart .	0
why ,  man ,  they did make love to this job .	0
i will be brief, for i don’t have enough breath to this tedious tale.	0
so foul and fair a day i have not seen.	0
the feast is sold that is not often vouch'd ,  while ’tis a - making ,  ’tis given with welcome .	0
you shall be as free as the mountain winds if you only do exactly every detail of my command .	0
well, to our work alive.	0
what's in a name ?	0
thus much the business is: we have here writ to norway ,  uncle of young fortinbras— who ,  impotent and bed - rid ,  scarcely hears of this his nephew's purpose—to suppress his further gait herein ,  in that the levies ,  the lists ,  and full proportions ,  are all made out of his subject; and we here dispatch you ,  good cornelius ,  and you ,  voltimand ,  for bearers of this greeting to old norway ,  giving to you no further personal power to business with the king ,  more than the scope of these dilated articles allow .	0
you ,  sir ?	0
i think it was to see my mother's wedding .	0
o curses on marriage ,  that we can call these delicate creatures ours ,  and not control their appetites !	0
is't gone ?	0
i am very sorry that you are not well.	0
for me ,  three thousand ducats .	0
well, good night.	0
call !	0
let him not pass ,  but kill him rather .	0
call burgundy . —    cornwall and albany ,  with my two daughters' dowers digest this third .	0
my lord ?	0
where?	0
come forth ,  i say !	0
i would it might be hangers till then.	0
use your authority .	0
they mean this night in sardis to be quartered .	0
no ,  my noble lord .	0
this play is the image of a murder done in vienna .	0
sit .	0
i’d rather cut my tongue out of my mouth than say anything bad about michael cassio .	0
some twenty of them fought in this black fight, and all those twenty could only take one life.	0
how dost thou ,  benedick ,  the married man ?	0
very good .	0
the laws of venice state that if a foreign resident directly or indirectly attempts to kill any citizen ,  the person he tried to kill will receive one half of the foreigner’s goods .	0
then meet me right away at the notary’s .	0
ah, good demetrius, wilt thou give him me?	0
but that would ruin his reputation !	0
early in the morning see thou deliver it to my lord and father .	0
hover about her and tell her she got what she deserved ,  with her children dead before their time .	0
god 'a'mercy on his soul !	0
and so in me ,  and so ,  i think ,  in all .	0
sleep thou ,  and i will wind thee in my arms .	0
she is to enter now, and i am to spy her through the wall.	0
farewell .	0
therefore another prologue must tell he is not a lion.	0
the clock struck nine when i sent the nurse; she promised to return in half an hour .	0
hear it apart .	0
my request to her is ,  that she will manage to get me access to virtuous desdemona .	0
sweet mistress—what your name is else i know not ,  nor by what wonder you do hit of mine , —	0
how do you mean ,  removing of him ?	0
it then draws near the season wherein the spirit held his wont to walk .	0
search every acre in the high - grown field ,  and bring him to our eye .	0
adieu ,  lest our old robes sit easier than our new !	0
master constable ,  you go not the way to examine .	0
nay ,  i'll conjure too .	0
and you’ll speak on the same platform as i do ,  after i’m done .	0
go to!	0
are you with a cornish company ?	0
the more i love ,  the more he hateth me .	0
lord gloucester has helped him leave .	0
my name is proculeius .	0
i hope i never achieve success if i don’t feel some of your heartbroken grief right now .	0
heartily, farewell.	0
and now i pray you, sir— for still ’tis beating in my mind,—your reason for raising this sea-storm.	0
well ,  i hope not .	0
oh hell!	0
i can tell thee where that saying was born ,  of  “ i fear no colors .  ”   where ,  good mistress mary ?	0
thou art a cobbler ,  art thou ?	0
but what are you doing in elsinore?	0
but you see my finger hath not the ring upon it .	0
as much unto my good lord chamberlain .	0
a plague on both your houses!	0
yes, it doth shine that night.	0
my pulse as yours doth temperately keep time and makes as healthful music .	0
help !	0
get thee a wife ,  get thee a wife .	0
i thank you ,  madam; give welcome to my friend: this is the man ,  this is antonio ,  to whom i am so infinitely indebted .	0
my news i might have told hereafter .	0
yes ,  he’ll weep stones ,  as he taught us to do .	0
i wish you could just stammer this hidden man out of your mouth like wine out of a narrow - necked bottle: either too much at once or none at all .	0
a third cannot be matched unless the devil himself turn jew .	0
i remember you did supplant your brother prospero .	0
gentlemen all—alas ,  what shall i say ?	0
joy except my love for you ,  and i find that only your majesty’s love makes me happy .	0
speak .	0
why, ‘one fair daughter, and no more, the which he loved passing well.’ still on my daughter.	0
here ,  at your service .	0
why should i play the roman fool and die on mine own sword ?	0
no ,  lay down and roar; because you have killed the sweetest innocent that ever lifted open eyes .	0
gentlemen, let's look to our business.	0
why should he call her whore ?	0
when we have matched our rackets to these balls ,  we will in france ,  by god’s grace ,  play a set shall strike his father’s crown into the hazard .	0
seek him ,  titinius ,  whilst i go to meet the noble brutus ,  thrusting this report into his ears .	0
yes ,  or drinking ,  fencing ,  swearing ,  quarrelling ,  prostitution .	0
where is your husband ?	0
have done ,  have done .	0
slight ,  will you make an ass o' me ?	0
guilt is so full of artless jealousy, that it spills itself in fearing to be spilled.	0
o ye immortal gods !	0
good hay, sweet hay, hath no fellow.	0
the duke will agree with me on that .	0
wait !	0
give me some wine ,  fill my cup full .	0
but tell me seriously who it is .	0
should we do that ?	0
thou art the armorer of my heart .	0
in a time like this ,  it doesn’t make sense to criticize every offense .	0
you rascal !	0
regarding the dauphin ,  you can speak to me .	0
it was the day he overcame the nervii warriors .	0
stay ,  jaques ,  stay here for a bit .	0
then, i’ll give it to you as payment.	0
well, we shall figure him out.	0
richard earl of cambridge ,  i arrest you for high treason .	0
music ,  ho !	0
then like a roman bear the truth i tell .	0
he supp'd at my house; but i therefore shake not .	0
you say you do not know the lady's mind.	0
i beseech you ,  sir ,  go; my young master doth expect your reproach .	0
but often in these cases ,  reports are just estimates .	0
katherine his daughter and with her ,  to dowry ,  some petty and unprofitable dukedoms .	0
i confess it is my shame to be so fond ,  but it is not in my virtue to amend it .	0
do not forget.	0
with all my heart, if you can get a wife.	0
where’s my fool ?	0
when the hurlyburly's done; when the battle's lost and won.	0
be a rebel for revenge for all these problems, and i’ll support you as far as the man who goes the farthest.	0
she didn’t ask anything ?	0
name him .	0
the strings ,  my lord ,  are false .	0
a wandering knight ?	0
my uncle the king is to blame for this .	0
did you hear ,  my honest friend ?	0
is your name shylock ?	0
i did, my lord.	0
i am weary of you .	0
nor i ,  my lord .	0
what lights are coming ?	0
a tomb must cover thy sweet eyes .	0
i will not do them wrong; i rather choose to wrong the dead ,  to wrong myself and you ,  than i will wrong such honorable men .	0
could beauty, my lord, have better commerce than with honesty?	0
you talk like a child ,  but you’re very smart anyway .	0
sir ?	0
that's the dog's name.	0
there are more things in heaven and earth ,  horatio ,  than are dreamt of in your philosophy .	0
this sight of death is as a bell that warns my old age to a tomb .	0
why should that name be sounded more than yours ?	0
doth he not deserve well ?	0
holy gonzalo, honorable man, my eyes, even sociable to the show of your eyes, cry like yours.	0
did i say  " better ?	0
your lady mother is coming to your chamber.	0
those that macbeth hath slain .	0
once more, on pain of death, all men depart.	0
she gave it him ,  and he hath given it his whore .	0
o, my daughter!	0
i’ve already sent the proof in my letters .	0
but soft ,  behold !	0
no, believe me, it is very cold, the wind is northerly.	0
yes, so he says.	0
o desdemona !	0
in his own grace he doth exalt himself more than in your addition .	0
i’ll make you sing .	0
just ignore him .	0
alack, i had forgot!	0
the charm's wound up.	0
come on!	0
do ,  if it will not stand .	0
fight it like a man .	0
we have not spoke us yet of torchbearers .	0
it’s undeniable .	0
firm and irrevocable is my doom which i have passed upon her .	0
we'll make it a small wedding, a friend or two; because, listen, tybalt’s being killed so recently, people may think we didn’t care for him, being our relative, if we party too much.	0
pronounce it for me ,  sir ,  to all our friends ,  for my heart speaks they are welcome .	0
no more than twenty - five .	0
iago’s a good man .	0
what do you mean ?	0
that’s strange .	0
this makes me feel so much better !	0
yond island carrions ,  desperate of their bones ,  ill - favoredly become the morning field .	0
and badest me bury love .	0
this green plot shall be our stage ,  this hawthorn bush our dressing room ,  and we will do it just as we will do it before the duke .	0
get thee to bed .	0
i think he will carry this island home in his pocket, and give it his son as an apple.	0
i am not barbason; you cannot conjure me .	0
i'll put it on .	0
i have well proven it ,  sir .	0
i don’t understand that at all .	0
best you safed the bringer out of the host .	0
my own safety is the only important thing now .	0
yes ,  and i’ll keep crying a while longer .	0
i did hear the galloping of horse .	0
you have to tell me.	0
the feast is sold that is not often vouch'd, while ’tis a-making, ’tis given with welcome.	0
look at the stars ,  see how the floor of heaven is inlaid with small disks of bright gold .	0
my husband say that she was false !	0
watch her well; i beg you, look after her.	0
and she screamed at me ,  right ?	0
and here’s my mistress ,  titania .	0
or else were this a savage spectacle .	0
close ,  soft eyes .	0
o ,  rejoice beyond a common joy ,  and set it down with gold on lasting pillars .	0
where is that viper?	0
why, then may you leave a panel of the great chamber-window, where we play, open; and the moon may shine in at that panel.	0
o, that deceit should dwell in such a gorgeous palace!	0
i have begun to nurture your career ,  and will labor to make the most of yourself .	0
when the wind is southerly ,  i know a hawk from a handsaw .	0
when you hold up your hand that pure congealed white top, high taurus' snow, fanned with the eastern wind, turns to a crow.	0
which of these is he ?	0
gentlemanly manners have more sway around here than force does .	0
banquo and macbeth ,  all hail !	0
and it’s too bad that the moor chose a man with such a deep - rooted drinking problem as his second - in - command .	0
give me my principal, and let me go.	0
nothing but  “ little ”  and  “ short ”  ! — why are you letting her insult me like this ?	0
soft ,  by and by .	0
your mistress’s marks ?	0
young boys and girls are equal to men .	0
then he is dead?	0
he does well to commend it himself .	0
i know not that ,  when he knows what i know .	0
i swear i’ll cuff you if you strike again .	0
ah, sirrah, by my fay, it waxes late; i'll to my rest.	0
i am no less in blood than thou art ,  edmund .	0
if you can’t ,  and would prefer to leave ,  she’s very willing to say goodbye to you .	0
he was not three leagues off when i left him .	0
welcome .	0
every uncontrolled cup is evil ,  and the ingredient is a devil .	0
yes ,  and i’ll give it to him for free .	0
as of a man faithful and honorable .	0
that’s enough .	0
what do you want, laertes, that i shall not my offer before you ask?	0
come forth ,  thou fearful man .	0
we follow thee.	0
then ,  world ,  thou hast a pair of chaps ,  no more ,  and throw between them all the food thou hast ,  they’ll grind the one the other .	0
why, i said nothing.	0
which of you have done this?	0
right now i’m away from home and i can’t provide you with proper care .	0
ay ,  so we will .	0
my fingers itch.	0
here in verona there are girls younger than you—girls from noble families—who have already become mothers .	0
aside] fair encounter [aside] fair encounter of two most rare affections !	0
will you laugh me asleep ,  because i am exhausted ?	0
i pray you, remember the porter.	0
tell antony ,  brutus is ta'en .	0
this is the very product of your brain.	0
this is all quite pleasant .	0
i don’t think so ,  my lord .	0
in sadness ,  cousin ,  i do love a woman .	0
o devil, devil!	0
why ,  do not your courtier’s hands sweat ?	0
wretched queen, adieu!	0
you have weapons ?	0
come ,  your answer in broken music ,  for thy voice is music and thy english broken .	0
things at the worst will cease ,  or else climb upward to what they were before . —my pretty cousin ,  blessing upon you .	0
who is conductor of his people ?	0
it seems he has taken great care to please his wife .	0
my soul is full of confusion and sorrow.	0
lay her i' th' earth ,  and from her fair and unpolluted flesh may violets spring !	0
i pray you all ,  stand up .	0
but my daughter should know about this ,  so she can be prepared with an answer just in case .	0
i must recount what you have been once a month, which you forget.	0
it would have amazed you very much .	0
why ,  go to bed and sleep .	0
yes ,  my lord .	0
with who?	0
i shall in all my best obey you, madam.	0
so ,  my sweet brother - in - law ,  go inside .	0
there is a man who loves you better than your husband could .	0
tell him i’ve spoken to my husband on his behalf ,  and i think everything will be all right .	0
holy saint francis!	0
and make sure to carry a prayer book in your hand and to stand between two priests ,  okay ?	0
he doesn’t hear ,  he doesn’t make noise ,  he doesn’t move; the fool is dead ,  and i must conjure him up !	0
i think he only loves the world for him .	0
it cannot be .	0
security gives way to conspiracy.	0
if ever he go alone again ,  i’ll never wrestle for prize more .	0
these foolish drops do something drown my manly spirit: adieu!	0
i do remember a pharmacist ,  and lives near here ,  who i noticed was dressed in in tattered weeds ,  with overwhelming eyebrows ,  choosing the simple life .	0
what is it you demand?	0
do you think it’s a good idea to rush ?	0
i’ll stop so you can reply .	0
i have it ,  and soundly too .	0
then, dreadful trumpet, sound the general doom!	0
down with the topmast!	0
thrift, thrift, horatio.	0
and most chirurgeonly .	0
i never heard so musical a discord ,  such sweet thunder .	0
it was his bidding; therefore, good emilia, give me my nightgown, and goodbye.	0
madam ,  madam— antony’s dead !	0
but don’t be afraid ,  cesario .	0
stop in your wind ,  sir .	0
it’s as silent as a graveyard here .	0
i swear ,  it must be thirty years .	0
and thou must make a dullard of the world ,  if they not thought the profits of my death were very pregnant and potential spirits to make thee seek it .  ”     o strange and fastened villain !	0
did you see the weird sisters ?	0
brother— quiet .	0
this dagger shall forbid it .	0
uncle, i must come out.	0
the lord mayor is knocking .	0
here is the scroll of every man's name ,  which is thought fit ,  through all athens ,  to play in our interlude before the duke and the duchess on his wedding - day at night .	0
let go my hand .	0
to the mines ?	0
you shall confess that you are both deceived.	0
i know not what may fall; i like it not.	0
for heaven’s sake ,  help me !	0
murder!	0
thisbe ?	0
and, although we lay these honors on this man, to ease ourselves of different, disgraceful burdens, he shall only carry them as the donkey carries gold, groaning and sweating under the load, either led or driven, as we point the way; and having brought our treasure where we choose, we then unload him and let him loose, like an unloaded donkey, to shake his ears and graze in the common fields.	0
all right ,  but first let the ambassadors speak .	0
have you written that letter to my sister yet ?	0
perhaps  what ,  my love ?	0
ratcliffe ,  come hither .	0
me thought i heard a voice cry “sleep no more!	0
but as soon as the sun rises in the east ,  my sad son comes home to escape the light .	0
and your stories have egged the murder on .	0
look ,  sir ,  here comes the lady toward my cell .	0
most royal sir, fleance escaped.	0
he sees himself in my two eyes ,  so there’s two of him .	0
lend thy hand, and pluck my magic garment from me.—so: [lays down his cloak] [lays down his cloak] lie there, my art.—wipe thou thine eyes; have comfort.	0
will't please you go ,  my lord ?	0
what is a man if his chief good and market of his time be but to sleep and feed ?	0
what is your pleasure?	0
perform ’t ,  or else we damn thee .  ”                                                                      how ,  my love ?	0
take credit ,  god ,  for it is no one’s doing but yours .	0
that i did love the moor to live with him ,  my downright violence and storm of fortunes may trumpet to the world .	0
so be quiet .	0
whether it’s even or odd ,  of all the days in the year ,  on the night of lammas eve ,  she’ll be fourteen .	0
wherever he goes ,  he inspires compassion and people turn against us .	0
or ,  if he wrote his mind ,  give me his letter .	0
it’s a lengthy problem ,  i think ,  to bring them to that event .	0
a ghost ,  a ghost !	0
o ,  how may i call this a lightning ?	0
thou'rt mad to say it!	0
my hearty friends ,  you take me in too dolorous a sense ,  for i spake to you for your comfort ,  did desire you to burn this night with torches .	0
you liar ,  you’re turning my heart to stone ,  and making me call what i’ll do murder ,  when i had been thinking of it as a sacrifice !	0
wheresoever you had it ,  i'll take out no work on't .	0
i’m out of breath ,  sir .	0
some whiskey, hello!	0
leave out the water .	0
reading their mail isn’t as bad .	0
anyway ,  he is what he is .	0
for that he dares us to ’t .	0
i prithee let me have it .	0
madam, the guests are come, supper served up, you are called, my young lady asked for, the nurse cursed in the pantry, and everything is in chaos.	0
how is't, laertes?	0
henceforward do your messages yourself .	0
out, prostitute!	0
my own house ,  good lady .	0
oh ,  it’s dreadful ,  dreadful ,  iago !	0
therefore be o' good cheer ,  for truly i think you are damned .	0
but ,  to my thinking ,  he was very loath to lay his fingers off it .	0
i am sick and sullen .	0
i'll go along, no such sight to be shown, but to rejoice in splendour of my own.	0
and i’ll tell him about the letter too .	0
what !	0
my wife kill'd too?	0
believe me ,  no; i thank my fortune for it ,  my ventures are not in one bottom trusted ,  nor to one place; nor is my whole estate upon the fortune of this present year: therefore my merchandise makes me not sad .	0
o ,  if you were the noblest of your strain ,  young man ,  you could not die more honorably .	0
most lamentable day, most woeful day that ever, ever, i have seen!	0
he is an animal worthy of perseus .	0
mercutio's relative, noble count paris!	0
o jew !	0
o eastern star !	0
belike some noble gentleman that means ,  traveling some journey ,  to repose him here .	0
i can’t help remembering the things that were most precious to me .	0
pardon me ,  good lady; because ,  by these blessed candles of the night ,  if you had been there ,  i think you would have begged the ring from me to give the worthy doctor .	0
look ,  here she comes .	0
my first question for nerissa is whether she’d rather wait till tomorrow night or go to bed now ,  since there are only two more hours till morning .	0
double, double, toil and trouble; fire, burn; and caldron, bubble.	0
we are blessèd in the change .	0
i shall not look upon his like again .	0
what it is ,  my caius ,  i shall unfold to thee as we are going to whom it must be done .	0
my comfort is that old age ,  that ill layer - up of beauty ,  can do no more spoil upon my face .	0
what wert thou if the king of naples heard thee ?	0
let not the heavens hear these telltale women rail on the lord’s anointed .	0
where are all the rest ?	0
you saw my master wink and laugh upon you ?	0
the lamentable change is from the best; the worst returns to laughter .	0
there lies your love.	0
do not think ,  gentlemen ,  i am drunk .	0
and his kissing is as full of sanctity as the touch of holy bread .	0
it’s driven me crazy .	0
i brought you here from venice .	0
i thank your highness .	0
i am.	0
i have much to tell you about them .	0
fare thee well at once .	0
yes, that's certain.	0
heavens shield lysander, if they really mean to fight!	0
i bleed, sir, but i am not killed.	0
but, listen to me, good shylock.	0
did they make you the messenger ?	0
shall i speak ill of him that is my husband?	0
stands scotland where it did?	0
if a man were answering the doors of hell ,  he would grow old turning the key .	0
where is this rash and most unfortunate man ?	0
fled to his house amazed.	0
die for adultery ?	0
ay me !	0
who do you obey here ?	0
but will you listen to how i proceeded ?	0
tis good you know not that you are his heirs, for if you should, o, what would come of it!	0
are these, i beg you, wind instruments?	0
you want me to stop in my tale against the hair.	0
the concern sir ?	0
he hath been a courtier ,  he swears .	0
but in them nature's copy's not eterne.	0
my mother !	0
your logic is so foolish .	0
welcome ,  welcome to all of you .	0
i’ll tarry no longer with you .	0
i’m here .	0
oh ,  i am out of breath in this fond chase .	0
good portia, go ahead to bed.	0
well, good night.	0
this love feel i ,  that feel no love in this .	0
ah ,  my good lord ,  what have i seen tonight !	0
do you triumph ?	0
it took me two years before i had a single tooth .	0
why ,  may one ask ?	0
lead the way .	0
we have seen the best of our time .	0
my lord ,  most humbly on my knee i beg the leading of the vaward .	0
please ,  tell us .	0
at nine in the morning ,  we'll meet here again .	0
what say you, hugh rebeck?	0
that by proscription and bills of outlawry ,  octavius ,  antony ,  and lepidus have put to death an hundred senators .	0
o, no; he goes into mauritania, and takes the beautiful desdemona away with him, unless his living here can be delayed by some accident which no one can be so determined about removing of cassio.	0
she is welcome to stay .	0
the king made peace among all of us .	0
then crush this herb into lysander's eye; whose liquor hath this virtuous property ,  to take from thence all error with his might and make his eyeballs roll with wonted sight .	0
one ?	0
this is the truth, or let benvolio die.	0
i have wasted myself out of my means .	0
what hast thou there ?	0
oh that my prayers could be answered with such affection !	0
my food ,  my fortune ,  my sweetest hope ,  my heaven on earth ,  and my entrance to heaven .	0
let us seek out some desolate shade and there weep our sad bosoms empty.	0
madam, i'll leave.	0
i admit i’m only a woman ,  but i’m still a woman from a noble family—i’m cato’s daughter .	0
whose tongue ?	0
ever since the duke’s messenger visited olivia ,  she’s been upset .	0
there you go .	0
oh ,  lieutenant !	0
you must have figured out who i am .	0
i will go along .	0
then be thou jocund .	0
for often ,  with a solemn earnestness— more than indeed belonged to such a trifle— he begged of me to steal it .	0
she speaks a lot about her father ,  she says she hears there are tricks in the world ,  and coughs ,  and beats her chest ,  kicks enviously at nothing ,  says things in doubt that only make half sense .	0
have i the aspic in my lips ?	0
please ,  don’t speak to him .	0
tell me where is fancy bred, or in the heart, or in the head?	0
what common uses we may return to, horatio!	0
tell me once more what title thou dost bear .	0
no one hardly asks who the dead man's knell is for ,  and good men's lives expire before the flowers in their caps ,  dying before the flowers show signs of sickness .	0
prithee ,  friend ,  pour out the pack of matter to mine ear ,  the good and bad together .	0
in such a night young lorenzo swore he loved her well ,  stealing her soul with many vows of love , — and never a true one .	0
thus i conceive by him .	0
you have seen nothing then ?	0
that is a certain truth .	0
i am the drudge, and toil in your delight; but you shall bear the burden soon at night.	0
see how she leans her cheek upon her hand !	0
you did ,  and more ,  miranda .	0
here, and your baggage back where you found it.	0
great tyranny, lay your foundation solid, because goodness dare not challenge you!	0
came he not home to-night?	0
now let me see if i can translate it .	0
and supportable to make the dear loss have i means much weaker than you may call to comfort you ,  for i have lost my daughter .	0
out upon you !	0
i grant him bloody, luxurious, avaricious, false, deceitful, sudden, malicious, smacking of every sin that has a name.	0
speak; i am bound to hear .	0
for us and for our tragedy, here stooping to your clemency, we beg you listen patiently.	0
go with me to the tomb .	0
he is not lolling on a lewd love bed ,  but on his knees at meditation; not dallying with a brace of courtesans ,  but meditating with two deep divines; not sleeping ,  to engross his idle body ,  but praying ,  to enrich his watchful soul .	0
john duke of norfolk ,  thomas earl of surrey ,  shall have the leading of this foot and horse .	0
go to, away!	0
she hath spied him already with those sweet eyes .	0
marry ,  sir ,  in her buttocks .	0
o wicked wall ,  through whom i see no bliss ,  curs'd he thy stones for thus deceiving me !	0
we are very sorry for it  .	0
that was the limit for me .	0
a right good marksman!	0
is't come to this?	0
the gods best know—                                              oh never was there queen so mightily betrayed !	0
go to hell ,  you whore !	0
those that will follow cassius ,  go with him ,  and public reasons shall be renderèd of caesar’s death .	0
but, like a sickness, did i loathe this food; but, as in health, come to my natural taste, now i do wish it, love it, long for it, and will for evermore be true to it.	0
if there are any, speak, because i have offended him.	0
but ,  my good brother ,  don’t ,  as some insincere ministers do ,  show me the steep and thorny way to heaven ,  while ,  like a proud and reckless wild man ,  preaches against the primrose path of sin and does not practice what he preaches .	0
faith ,  that he did—i know not what he did .	0
look you ,  cassio and my husband !	0
o ,  'tis too true !	0
don’t delay ,  caesar .	0
sir ,  he dined with her there ,  at the porpentine .	0
what proof shall i make of that ?	0
to these injunctions every one doth swear ,  that comes to hazard for my worthless self .	0
you’re absolutely right ,  your highness .	0
the boy was going to support me in my old age !	0
thieves!	0
you are unkind ,  demetrius; be not so; for you love hermia .	0
yes ,  surely; o heaven !	0
if you bethink yourself of any crime unreconciled as yet to heaven and grace ,  solicit for it straight .	0
the cords that romeo bid thee fetch ?	0
sleep for a week; for the next night ,  i warrant ,  the county paris hath set up his rest that you shall rest but little .	0
that’s terrible !	0
we have willing dames enough ,  so there cannot be that vulture in you ,  to devour so many as will dedicate themselves to greatness ,  finding greatness so inclined .	0
young men's love then lies not truly in their hearts ,  but in their eyes .	0
whither should i fly ?	0
the french might have a good prey of us if he knew of it ,  for there is none to guard it but boys .	0
what have i done, that thou darest wag thy tongue in noise so rude against me?	0
down ,  therefore ,  and beg mercy of the duke .	0
come on ,  another stanza—is that what you call 'em ,   “ stanzas ”  ?	0
he whom next thyself of all the world i loved and to him put the manage of my state ,  as at that time through all the signories it was the first ,  and prospero the prime duke ,  being so reputed in dignity ,  and for the liberal arts without a parallel .	0
romeo ?	0
look what a wardrobe is here for you!	0
no, caesar hath it not, but you, and i, and honest casca, we have the falling sickness.	0
come, come, you talk.	0
be comforted .	0
i’ll go find him .	0
i frown at him ,  but he still loves me .	0
in faith ,  my hand meant nothing to my sword .	0
you shall not put your seal to such a promise to pay for me; i’d rather live in my poverty.	0
i say thou hast belied mine innocent child .	0
go ahead—say  “ amen .  ”  no more talking .	0
for the love of god ,  call a doctor !	0
take their examination yourself and bring it me .	0
this business is well ended .	0
where do you live ?	0
who maintains 'em ?	0
we’ve got to give them and take them ,  my lord .	0
hush and be mute ,  or else our spell is marred .	0
three thousand ducats , —well .	0
save means to live .	0
what!	0
i don’t have it with me.	0
look ,  look !	0
come ,  i'll go in with you .	0
you’ll bear me a bang for that ,  i fear .	0
come back to me again, and bring me word about what he says to you.	0
o heaven ,  o earth ,  bear witness to this sound and crown what i profess with kind event	0
till then, adieu, and keep this holy kiss.	0
on the sixth hour ,  at which time ,  my lord ,  you said our work should cease .	0
have you heard something of her in your letters ?	0
even that i could put up with .	0
your vote will be as strong as anyone’s in the reordering of the government .	0
hush!	0
you’ve humiliated him ,  lady: you’ve put him down .	0
unkindness is powerful ,  and his unkindness may kill me ,  but it’ll never destroy my love .	0
if you do sweat to put a tyrant down ,  you sleep in peace ,  the tyrant being slain .	0
exceedingly ,  my lord .	0
thou hast obtained thy suit .	0
was that my father that went hence so fast?	0
so is the bargain .	0
the king hath granted every article ,  his daughter first ,  and ,  in sequel ,  all ,  according to their firm proposed natures .	0
i can’t pull a cart or eat dried oats like a horse .	0
a grave ?	0
and by all means see if you can get the young man to answer it .	0
i'll not serve him; he's not valiant.	0
i will this night ,  in several hands ,  in at his windows throw ,  as if they came from several citizens ,  writings ,  all tending to the great opinion that rome holds of his name ,  wherein obscurely caesar's ambition shall be glanced at .	0
i heard octavius say that brutus and cassius have ridden like madmen through the gates of rome .	0
the lady protests too much, i think.	0
one of them showed me a ring that he accepted from your daughter as payment for a monkey.	0
anon he finds him ,  striking too short at greeks .	0
come ,  let’s go to the castle .	0
no ,  vain illusion ,  so intricately bound up with a king’s rest .	0
if we don’t ,  it’ll be the biggest disappointment of our lives .	0
now ,  as thou lovest me ,  let me see his letter .	0
listen to the situation and the event; then tell me if this might be a brother.	0
i do hate	0
do you think 'tis this?	0
who can move the forest, bid the tree to walk away from his earth-bound root?	0
a pestilence on him for a mad rogue!	0
i did nothing.	0
he cannot live ,  i hope ,  and must not die till george be packed with post - horse up to heaven .	0
some good friend of his must have died ,  because nothing else in the world could change a man so much .	0
there is more in it . —cousin ganymede .	0
no thank you ,  my lord .	0
peter quince,— what sayest thou, bully bottom?	0
clarence is still alive; edward is not only alive ,  he’s king .	0
according to what i heard ,  they had no travel plans as of last night .	0
he bears himself like a portly gentleman; and, to say truth, verona brags of him to be a virtuous and well-governed youth.	0
o cruel !	0
now ,  now ,  both of you gentlemen !	0
get out ,  you dark - skinned gypsy !	0
the ingratitude of this seleucus does even make me wild .	0
look !	0
an oath of mickle might ,  and fury shall abate .	0
here’s the manner of ’t: i’ th’ marketplace ,  on a tribunal silvered ,  cleopatra and himself in chairs of gold were publicly enthroned .	0
why ,  what you will .	0
soldiers ,  have careful watch .	0
i’ve made my choice .	0
inquire the jew’s house out .	0
but one cup; i'll drink for you .	0
that’s true .	0
get up and tell me how you came here .	0
my next is 'most fair pyramus.	0
if this be not that you look for ,  i have no more to say ,  but bid bianca farewell forever and a day .	0
ah ,  this place is too cold to be hell .	0
in second husband let me be accurst !	0
ay ,  marry ,  am i ,  sir; and now ’tis plotted !	0
yes ,  it stinks very sweetly .	0
indeed she's a most fresh and delicate creature .	0
poor lady ,  she’ll run mad when she shall lack it .	0
that’s what the bill says .	0
o ,  no ,  he loves me ,  and he holds me dear .	0
oh ,  rude and unthankful boy !	0
o ,  there has been a lot of bashing of brains going on .	0
better late than never—and it’s never too late to change .	0
alas for both ,  both mine ,  edward and clarence !	0
hence !	0
ho, daughter!	0
does it go against the main part of poland, sir, or for some frontier?	0
how now ,  roderigo !	0
signior gremio ,  are you coming from the church ?	0
why, now i see there's mettle in thee; and even from this instant do build on thee a better opinion than ever before.	0
there’s my hat !	0
i'll send her to you right away, and i'll devise a plan to get the moor out of the way, that your conversation and business may be more free.	0
what ,  did you cheat on us before we deserved it ?	0
you were best to tell antonio what you hear— yet do not suddenly ,  for it may grieve him .	0
plucks off my beard and blows it in my face ?	0
she doesn’t dare lie near this lack - love ,  this kill - courtesy .	0
by my troth ,  sir ,  no—though it please you to be one of my friends .	0
what call you the carriages ?	0
didst thou not fall out with a tailor for wearing his new doublet before easter ?	0
for god’s sake ,  would someone bring me a mug of beer !	0
and, sowing the seeds of it in the ocean, create more islands.	0
i did hear him groan .	0
but he ,  that hath the steerage of my course ,  direct my sail !	0
at first and last the hearty welcome.	0
all disconsolate ,  with pindarus his bondman on this hill .	0
i’ll see it done .	0
you should be women, and yet your beards forbid me to interpret that you are so.	0
only children are afraid of scary pictures .	0
everything that glitters is not gold ,  often have you heard that told; many a man has sold his life just to look at my outside: gilded tombs wrap around worms .	0
i am pale ,  charmian .	0
the better for the king of heaven that hath him .	0
do you hear, roderigo?	0
for then i’ll marry warwick’s youngest daughter .	0
no ,  i’ll be patient .	0
some dear friend dead ,  else nothing in the world could turn so much the constitution of any constant man .	0
travel to mantua.	0
you know it is the feast of the priest lupercus.	0
alack the day, she's dead, she's dead, she's dead!	0
you have the power to fix it .	0
let me tell	0
is the visor of my helmet working better now ?	0
go ,  then ,  for ’tis in vain to seek him here that means not to be found .	0
when the vision passes ,  you’ll see that you’re just looking at a stool .	0
which of you trembles not that looks on me ?	0
what’s the problem ?	0
hail ,  caesar !	0
i must prevent thee, cimber.	0
i don’t understand why they’re all here together .	0
so he served the second ,  and so the third .	0
those men that know the earth is full of faults.	0
here are the keys ,  and there is the duke ,  sleeping .	0
how goes the world ,  sir ,  now ?	0
o, 'tis too true!	0
goodbye .	0
was that done like cassius?	0
how came he mad ?	0
o heavy hour !	0
true or false ,  it hath made thee earl of gloucester .	0
o, yes; and went between us very often.	0
therefore the winds, piping to us in vain, as in revenge, have suck'd up from the sea contagious fogs; which, falling in the land, hath every pelting river made so proud that they have overborne their continents.	0
find you out a bed ,  for i upon this bank will rest my head .	0
the drop of affliction often causes doubt about all the virtues they have to men’s own disgrace.	0
what is the matter ,  masters ?	0
now must your conscience my acquittance seal, and you must put me in your heart for friend, sith you have heard, and with a knowing ear, that he which hath your noble father slain pursued my life.	0
good ,  good ,  the justice of it pleases !	0
yes ,  faith ,  will i ,  fridays and saturdays and all .	0
i wish him joy of her .	0
no medicine in the world can cure you .	0
but let it go . —now ,  litio ,  it’s your turn .	0
we'll answer.	0
what ,  says the married woman you may go ?	0
and till she come ,  as truly as to heaven i do confess the vices of my blood ,  so justly to your grave ears i'll present how i did thrive in this fair lady's love and she in mine .	0
i was never curst; i have no gift at all in shrewishness; i am a right maid for my cowardice; let her not strike me.	0
i appreciate your concern.	0
o regan ,  wilt thou take her by the hand ?	0
no .	0
so is my horse ,  octavius ,  and for that i do appoint him store of provender .	0
don’t talk to me, because i won’t answer you.	0
it makes me mad .	0
to alonso] sir ,  you may thank yourself for this [to alonso] sir ,  you may thank yourself for this great loss ,  that would not bless our europe with your daughter ,  but rather lose her to an african ,  where she ,  at least ,  is banished from your eye ,  who hath cause to wet the grief on't .	0
she lies there ,  like the flower that she was ,  her virginity taken by him .	0
by my fay ,  a goodly nap .	0
you’re a pustule ,  a sore ,  a tumor digesting my bloodline .	0
never make known what you have seen to - night .	0
but i pray you ergo, old man, ergo, i beseech you, talk you of young master launcelot.	0
as i !	0
i understand thee not .	0
these times of sorrow don’t really give me a chance to pursue love .	0
a beast that wants discourse of reason would have mourn'd longer—married with my uncle ,  my father's brother ,  but no more like my father than i to hercules .	0
is it fitting that, with the world divided into three parts, he should be one of the three to share it?	0
why do we stop talking, that most may claim we did this?	0
no ,  my lord ,  i saw nothing .	0
yes, there it is.	0
this iago is extremely honest and good ,  and he knows a lot about human behavior .	0
even good men have bad luck .	0
no.	0
brother ,  i’ll go and bring it to you .	0
sadness and despair !	0
he intends to do something bad to you .	0
go on ,  caesar .	0
no ,  make it two lines more .	0
yes ,  if i’m still alive ,  and you’re still sane ,  and your dinner is worth eating .	0
a greater power than we can fight has ruined our plan .	0
which now we find each putter-out of five for one will bring us good warrant of.	0
speak ,  agrippa .	0
until birnam wood gets up and moves to dunsinane ,  i won’t be affected by fear .	0
and we mean well, in going to this mask; but 'tis no wit to go.	0
myself have to mine own turn'd enemy.	0
weakness, your name is woman — a little month, even before those shoes with which she followed my poor father's body were old, she was totally inconsolable, all tears, why she, even she— o god!	0
if i could win a lady by playing leapfrog or vaulting into my saddle with my armor on my back—though you may accuse me of boasting—i could easily get myself a wife .	0
o, then, by day where will you find a cavern dark enough to hide your monstrous face?	0
but i can’t be too obvious about being on your side without risking the life of your stepbrother ,  young george .	0
go you with me and i will use your skill . — good cousin ,  have a care this busy time .	0
didn’t you hear their shouts ?	0
how short am i ?	0
what ,  my lord !	0
my lady is within ,  sir .	0
that was one hit .	0
hover through the fog and filthy air .	0
follow me close ,  because i will speak to them .	0
a good deed in a naughty world shines like that.	0
we must not now displease him .	0
but what see what see i ?	0
i have heard of some kind of men that put quarrels purposely on others ,  to taste their valor .	0
truly ,  sir ,  you don’t need to be afraid .	0
you said the enemy would not come down, but keep the hills and upper regions.	0
get going !	0
caesar ,  i have news about menecrates and menas ,  notorious pirates who prowl the sea in a variety of ships .	0
i’ll die  you’re of royal blood ,  and we obey you .	0
what were these?	0
one of these three boxes contains her lovely picture .	0
i had rather be a dog, and howl the moon, than be such a roman.	0
and ,  which is worse ,  all you have done has been only for a wayward son ,  spiteful and wrathful ,  who ,  as others do ,  loves for his own ends ,  not for you .	0
i will then give it you soundly .	0
though birnam wood be come to dunsinane ,  and thou opposed ,  being of no woman born ,  yet i will try the last .	0
all schooldays' friendship ,  childhood innocence ?	0
whence is that knocking ?	0
i am to blame to be thus waited for .	0
so ,  goodbye .	0
good morrow ,  richmond .	0
thither he will come to know his destiny .	0
the order was reversed .	0
what’s this ?	0
it’s much better to be destroyed by a noble enemy than by a cruel and heartless one .	0
i'll find out your man, and he shall signify from time to time every good hap to you that chances here.	0
your honor is very welcome.	0
let me endure your wrath ,  if't be not so .	0
it is a man’s office ,  but not yours .	0
no one now, to mock your own grinning?	0
but what danger we’ll put ourselves in ,  two young ,  innocent women traveling so far !	0
eighty ducats in one shot !	0
the mariners all under hatches stowed ,  who ,  with a charm joined to their suffered labor ,  i have left asleep .	0
i don’t know if it is true; but i will take it as a certainty just because of mere suspicion in that way .	0
o romeo, romeo!	0
pay attention ,  pay attention ,  for such people die miserable .	0
o you stupid moor!	0
who shall stay you ?	0
have at you now!	0
you’re all lazy and shallow .	0
more torches here!	0
go to ,  charm your tongue .	0
my lord?	0
my fan ,  peter .	0
and as with age his body uglier grows ,  so his mind cankers .	0
what's the matter ,  lieutenant ?	0
a bright day brings out the black ,  poison snake ,  and that means we must walk carefully .	0
revenge !	0
what, must our voices be ignored?	0
his counsel now might do me golden service .	0
if you be he, sir, i desire some confidence with you.	0
wilt thou at ninny’s tomb meet me straightway ?	0
then slip i from her bum ,  down topples she ,  and  “ tailor !  ”  cries ,  and falls into a cough ,  and then the whole quire hold their hips and laugh ,  and waxen in their mirth ,  and neeze ,  and swear a merrier hour was never wasted there .	0
then leave him out .	0
let a beast be lord of beasts, and his cattle shall stand at the king's dinner table.	0
i love thee not, therefore pursue me not.	0
o, falsely, falsely murdered!	0
our masquing mates by this time for us stay .	0
a seventh!	0
the other did not so .	0
by heaven ,  i saw my handkerchief in his hand .	0
when i said that ,  i was angry too .	0
everybody knows i’m a nice piece of flesh .	0
it’s good for your fresh wound and your bloody noggin .	0
this green plot shall be our stage, this hawthorn-brake our tiring-house; and we will do it in action, as we will do it before the duke.	0
no ,  i’d rather be married to a skull with a bone in its mouth than to either of those men .	0
for the table ,  sir ,  it shall be served in; for the meat ,  sir ,  it shall be covered; for your coming in to dinner ,  sir ,  why ,  let it be as sense and meaning shall determine .	0
romeo, throw your name away; and for that name, which isn’t part of you, take all of me.	0
why does he suffer this rude knave now to knock him about the sconce with a dirty shovel ,  and will not tell him of his action of battery ?	0
you told us you want something.	0
who ,  hero ?	0
here comes oberon .	0
from my house ,  if i had a house— ”   “ the sixth of july .	0
we have been up and down to seek him .	0
oh ,  sinful thought !	0
i shall do so; only i must also feel it as a man.	0
i pray thee ,  moralize them .	0
yet there he was ,  and there i found this credit ,  that he did range the town to seek me out .	0
bespeak him a fortnight before . —i will have the heart of him if he forfeit ,  for were he out of venice i can make what merchandise i will . —go ,  go ,  tubal ,  and meet me at our synagogue .	0
buy food ,  and get thyself in flesh . — come ,  cordial and not poison ,  go with me to juliet’s grave ,  for there must i use thee .	0
who’s dead ?	0
all hail ,  macbeth !	0
he were a brave mon- ster indeed, if they were set in his tail my man-monster hath drowned his tongue in sack.	0
be honest and helpful ,  and i’ll repay you for your efforts .	0
vanish ,  or i shall give thee thy deserving ,  and blemish caesar’s triumph .	0
thisbe !	0
o, i am slain!	0
no, by this heavenly light!	0
well ,  i would you did like me .	0
iago!	0
ay, sir; that soaks up the king's countenance, his rewards, his authorities.	0
now we'll fight together ,  and the chance of goodness will like our necessary quarrel !	0
and yet thou wilt tutor me from quarrelling!	0
o, horrible!	0
give him this deed and have him sign it .	0
in time we hate that which we often fear .	0
the kinder we, to give them thanks for nothing.	0
by mine honor i will ,  and when i break that oath ,  let me turn monster .	0
nothing can come between me and the fulfillment of all my hopes .	0
i am heartily glad i came hither to you .	0
know you any ,  count ?	0
they all fell asleep together, as if they all agreed; they dropped, as if hit by a thunder-stroke.	0
make the best use of this information you can .	0
please listen to me carefully .	0
which of these sorrows is he subject to ?	0
it’s true .	0
let 'em enter .	0
no, when light-winged toys of feathered cupid blind my knowing and usual instruments of sight with unruly dullness, that if my games corrupt and stain my work, let housewives make a skillet of my helmet, and all indignities and base adversities make a boil of my reputation!	0
say welcome to all of our friends for me ,  sir ,  for in my heart they are all welcome .	0
i don’t like it .	0
indeed i do ,  sir ,  and i’ve come to let you in on a certain problem .	0
is ’t not well done ?	0
the villainy you teach me i’ll use; and it shall be hard but i’ll make the lesson better.	0
get them in here .	0
avaunt ,  you cullions !	0
come .	0
bethink you .	0
and why are you butting in, my lady wisdom?	0
come, sirs.	0
a match !	0
either to die the death, or to abjure for ever the society of men.	0
say i will love her everlastingly .	0
stand up.	0
i’m glad that my weak words have provoked even this small show of protest from you .	0
lord !	0
in the meantime i will draw a bill of properties, such as our play wants.	0
my brother shall know of it .	0
oh, so what graces, then, does he have, that he has turned a heaven into hell!	0
you said those exact things to me back in the marketplace .	0
with what ,  i' th' name of god ?	0
if this is so ,  be patient ,  sister .	0
what news ?	0
take pity on poor tom ,  who is persecuted by the devil .	0
behind the arras i'll convey myself, to hear the process.	0
let none presume to wear an undeservèd dignity .	0
oh ,  the cry did knock against my very heart !	0
what man were you talking to at your window last night ,  between the hours of midnight and one ?	0
what do you think of me ?	0
good ,  good .	0
my lord ,  i’d want to have the gift you promised me on your honor: the earldom of hereford and all the possessions that go with it .	0
alas the heavy day!	0
good .	0
has here writ a letter to you .	0
you stay on the left .	0
take that of me ,  my friend ,  who have the power  to seal th' accuser’s lips .	0
i dare make his answer ,  none .	0
how does hamlet ?	0
yes ,  if i know the letters and the language .	0
when will he be here ?	0
look to't, i charge you.	0
no ,  let them go .	0
provide your going; choose your own company and command what cost your heart has mind to .	0
i must ,  she’ll rail in the street else .	0
sweet lord ,  if your lordship were not busy ,  i should impart a thing to you from his majesty .	0
she has sworn not to love; and ,  in that vow ,  i am really dead as i stand here alive to tell you about it now .	0
his spirits listen to me, and yet i have to curse.	0
he misses not much .	0
certainly, men should be what they seem.	0
get me ink and paper ,  and hire some horses .	0
what's your gracious pleasure ?	0
mark me with what violence she first loved the moor ,  but for bragging and telling her fantastical lies .	0
there’s a picture of me inside .	0
a pity that it should be so !	0
i love thee not ,  therefore pursue me not .	0
to you your father should be as a god, a god that created your beauty, yes, and a god who sees you as a piece of wax that he has imprinted, and it is within his power to leave the wax as it is, or to disfigure it.	0
if her breath were as terrible as her words ,  she would kill every living thing from here to the furthest star .	0
wife ,  children ,  servants ,  all that could be found .	0
he is dead and gone, lady, he is dead and gone; at his head a grass-green turf, at his heels a stone.	0
o noble english ,  who could take on the entire french army with only half their forces ,  leaving the other half to stand by ,  idle and laughing .	0
oh nerissa ,  my poor little body is tired of this great big world .	0
these fogs which ,  falling in the land ,  have made every rough river so high that they have flooded the continents where they flow .	0
who, he?	0
yes, let the count get you out of your bed.	0
could you feed on this fair mountain, and glut yourself on this swamp?	0
so you walk softly ,  and look sweetly ,  and say nothing ,  i am yours for the walk ,  and especially when i walk away .	0
gouge out his eyes !	0
caesar, thou canst not die by traitors' hands, unless thou bring'st them with thee.	0
are you his friend ?	0
if she restrained your rowdy knights ,  she had such a good reason that you can’t blame her for it .	0
hie you ,  make haste ,  for it grows very late .	0
i think i see these things with unfocused eyes, as when every thing seems double.	0
lorenzo ,  and your love .	0
we’ll hear it ,  antony .	0
tell the king what you know about the battle when you left it .	0
commend me to thy lady .	0
i’ll go onto the platform first, and explain our caesar's death.	0
but new struck nine.	0
it must be something i did accidentally .	0
is not your lord honorable without marriage ?	0
good - bye ,  my dearest sister ,  good - bye .	0
goodbye now!	0
othello, leave some officer behind, and he shall our commission bring to you; with such things else of quality and respect as doth import you.	0
because look how cheerfully my mother looks, and my father died within these two hours.	0
my determinate voyage is mere extravagancy .	0
it is not possible .	0
how could you ask ?	0
is claudio your enemy ?	0
if a bloody head counts as a hurt ,  then you hurt me .	0
o phoebe ,  phoebe ,  phoebe !	0
we have met with foes that strike beside us.	0
tell him we could have rebuked him at harfleur ,  but that we thought not good to bruise an injury till it were full ripe .	0
you just said all your lines at once ,  cues and all . —pyramus ,  enter .	0
o ,  the blood is spill'd of my dear kinsman !	0
it is better with you out here than he inside the hall .	0
sooth, madam, i hear nothing.	0
old montague is come and flourishes his blade in spite of me .	0
as woman's love.	0
but it would warm his spirits to hear from me you had left antony and put yourself under his shroud ,  the universal landlord .	0
lucius!—varro!	0
but goodbye; i have some business to see to .	0
i never can see him but i am heartburned an hour after .	0
what's thy pleasure?	0
first ,  madam ,  he is well .	0
then surrender ,  you coward ,  and live to be the center of attention of the times .	0
my blessing season this in thee!	0
i do not think but desdemona's honest .	0
why ,  lady !	0
if the gentlewoman that attends the general's wife be stirring, tell her there's one cassio entreats her a little favor of speech.	0
good lord !	0
because ,  look you ,  you do not love it ,  nor your affections and your appetites and your digestions does not agree with it ,  i would desire you to eat it .	0
whatever we decide to do .	0
but here comes my father.	0
which two crowns would those be ?	0
why would they do that ,  my lord ?	0
alas, good gentleman!	0
remember me .	0
stand up .	0
tell me what you want .	0
so it is, if you knew our reasons.	0
o setebos ,  these be brave spirits indeed !	0
how if i answer  “ no ”  ?	0
to sebastian and antonio] there stand, [to sebastian and antonio] there stand, for you are spell-stopped.— holy gonzalo, honourable man, mine eyes, even sociable to the show of thine, fall fellowly drops.	0
the man is innocent .	0
your father was an extremely moral man ,  and religious people get odd ideas on their deathbeds .	0
and then for her to win the moor ,  were't to renounce his baptism ,  all seals and symbols of redeemed sin ,  his soul is so enfetter'd to her love ,  that she may make ,  unmake ,  do what she list ,  even as her appetite shall play the god with his weak function .	0
my master's.	0
how fares my gracious sir ?	0
i am not bid for love; they flatter me: but yet i'll go in hate ,  to feed upon the prodigal christian . —jessica ,  my girl ,  look to my house . —i am right loath to go; there is some ill a - brewing towards my rest ,  for i did dream of money - bags to - night .	0
how many wonderful creatures there are here !	0
why should he stay whom love doth press to go ?	0
you just fell the height of ten ship masts ,  straight down .	0
you’ll get a bigger reward than you ever got delivering a letter before .	0
your servant kent .	0
i’m not sure ,  my lord .	0
there were many even more memorable feasts .	0
o ,  now forever farewell the tranquil mind !	0
hear you ought of her in yours ?	0
he shall do this ,  or else i take back the pardon that i just pronounced here .	0
it would be spoke to .	0
the adventurous knight will wave around his sword and shield ,  the lover will be rewarded for his sighs ,  the crazy character can rant all he wants ,  the clown will make everybody laugh ,  and the lady character can say whatever’s on her mind ,  or i’ll stop the play .	0
my dearest coz, i pray you, school yourself.	0
therefore farewell.	0
dead .	0
i cannot tell; i make it breed as fast: but note me ,  signior .	0
that’s very good; i must be patient .	0
here comes one of them now .	0
and you’ve done well on land .	0
by heaven, he echoes me, as if there were some monster in his thought too hideous to be shown.	0
stay the friar too .	0
go to him ,  madam ,  speak to him .	0
come ,  bring away .	0
he rushed away on serious business .	0
it’s after six o'clock ,  my lord ,  when you said our work would be finished .	0
because you’re like the lowborn fellow who strikes the bell—you keep interrupting my thoughts .	0
it is truly so.	0
ah ,  dear nature ,  my goddess ,  listen to me !	0
i want to hear more about this .	0
but his frail heart ,  too weak to grapple with such a conflict between joy and sadness ,  gave out .	0
tell him to surrender .	0
excellent good.	0
i had thought to have let in some of all professions that go the primrose way to the everlasting bonfire.	0
come the next sabbath ,  and i will content you .	0
tis a strange truth.	0
we the globe can compass soon, swifter than the wandering moon.	0
signior leonato ,  let the friar advise you .	0
i’m your daughter .	0
o ,  that once more you knew but what you are !	0
and hello to you ,  fair sister .	0
how many times shall caesar bleed in sport ,  that now on pompey's basis lies along no worthier than the dust !	0
did you not speak to it?	0
sneaky ,  dried - up old coot !	0
what, ho!	0
no ,  he has simply the best wit of any working man in athens .	0
believe me ,  i cannot .	0
go ,  and bring them .	0
i pray you ,  pardon me; i cannot speak .	0
what ,  a prisoner ?	0
heavens shield lysander ,  if they mean a fray !	0
and how do you like lord bassanio’s wife ?	0
they’re asking for dates and quinces in the pastry.	0
i, not remembering how i cried out then, will cry it out all over again: it is a moment that makes my eyes cry.	0
but i’ll linger .	0
o, for a chair, to bear him easily hence!	0
then lead the way ,  father .	0
i am one, sir, that comes to tell you your daughter and the moor are now making the beast with two backs.	0
i do too ,  my lord .	0
what, a play!	0
cassio’s killed a young venetian named roderigo .	0
to sebastian] true ,  of that there's none ,  or little .	0
who is here so vile that will not love his country?	0
i will sit here in the middle .	0
give me some help .	0
with all my heart ,  and it makes me happy to hear that he is so inclined .	0
the spring ,  the summer ,  the childing autumn ,  angry winter ,  change their wonted liveries; and the mazed world ,  by their increase ,  now knows not which is which .	0
i speak not to disprove what brutus spoke ,  but here i am to speak what i do know .	0
eyes, look your last!	0
leave now .	0
good night .	0
it will be as the gods see fit .	0
peasblossom .	0
if you read this ,  caesar ,  you might live .	0
i have done, my lord.	0
he was like a schoolboy who finds a bird’s nest and happily shows it to his friend ,  who then steals it from him .	0
but if you live to see yourself similarly denied your rights ,  this foolish patience will abandon you .	0
by hercules ,  i think i’m right .	0
i’ll help you ,  sir toby ,  because we’ll be dressed together .	0
then she is well ,  and nothing can be wrong .	0
zounds ,  sir ,  you’re robbed !	0
o ,  these men ,  these men !	0
never ,  my lord .	0
a kind good night to all !	0
may god choose you to receive his grace .	0
why, fear not, man, i will not forfeit it; within these two months,—that's a month before this bond expires,—i do expect return of thrice three times the value of this bond.	0
hast thou found my daughter ?	0
go carry them and smear the sleepy grooms with blood .	0
and ,  kate ,  when france is mine and i am yours ,  then yours is france and you are mine .	0
welcome ,  good friends .	0
serious vanity!	0
and now this man has become a god, and cassius is a wretched creature, and must bow, even if caesar only nods at him carelessly.	0
amen .	0
faith ,  sir ,  you need not fear .	0
oh !	0
my noble brother !	0
i will .	0
the old proverb is very well parted between my master shylock and you ,  sir; you have the grace of god ,  sir ,  and he hath enough .	0
please ,  let me go from here; i am not well; send the deed after me and i’ll sign it .	0
is this true ?	0
then up he rose and donn'd his clo'es and dupp'd the chamber door ,  let in the maid ,  that out a maid never departed more .	0
so ho !	0
who brought them?	0
i want to do a little good despite my evil nature .	0
go ,  go to your love ,  as was decreed ,  ascend to her chamber there ,  and comfort her .	0
but for my daughter katherine ,  this i know ,  she is not for your turn ,  the more my grief .	0
not so ,  i do beseech your majesty .	0
thank you ,  i’m sure .	0
you swore to me, when i did give it you, that you would wear it till your hour of death; and that it should lie with you in your grave: though not for me, yet for your vehement oaths, you should have been respective, and have kept it.	0
you tallow face !	0
your lady mother is coming to your chamber .	0
you’re thought to be the most	0
have at thee ,  coward !	0
come, hang them on this line.	0
hence ,  horrible shadow !	0
we’ll mend our dinner here .	0
there's rue for you, and here's some for me.	0
did he not rather discredit my authority with yours ,  and make the wars alike against my stomach ,  having alike your cause ?	0
go tell him of this .	0
no, answer me.	0
i wish they had stayed !	0
not in my husband’s nose .	0
sometimes all i want to do is see plays and go out dancing .	0
but if thy love were ever like to mine— as sure i think did never man love so— how many actions most ridiculous hast thou been drawn to by thy fantasy ?	0
so ,  bare your chest .	0
the glow - worm shows the matin to be near and 'gins to pale his uneffectual fire .	0
we’re not playing a merry tune.	0
and for the more better assurance ,  tell them that i ,  pyramus ,  am not pyramus ,  but bottom the weaver .	0
come, recreant, come, thou child; i'll whip thee with a rod.	0
i have done my duty .	0
if ever i return to you again ,  i’ll bring you comfort .	0
it’s very hot .	0
you will not move one foot to fight !	0
it should seem ,  then ,  that dobbin's tail grows backward; i am sure he had more hair on his tail than i have on my face when i last saw him .	0
if brutus will guarantee that antony may safely come to him and is ready to tell how caesar deserved to die, mark antony shall love brutus living better than caesar dead, and will follow the fortunes and affairs of noble brutus with all true faith thorough the hazards of this unconquered state.	0
are you that impatient ?	0
what were his marks ?	0
so quick bright things come to confusion .	0
let me get her .	0
i could well forbear ’t .	0
when jacob grazed his uncle laban’s sheep— this jacob from our holy abram was ,  as his wise mother wrought in his behalf ,  the third possessor ,  ay ,  he was the third— and what of him ?	0
i am as i have spoken.	0
and made your other love ,  demetrius— who even but now did spurn me with his foot— to call me goddess ,  nymph ,  divine ,  and rare ,  precious ,  celestial ?	0
sir ,  sooth to say ,  you did not dine at home .	0
your majesty says very true .	0
yes ,  with cassio .	0
my lord ,  what is your will ?	0
that’s a stupid thing to say .	0
tis good we do so .	0
go away !	0
i shall be pinched to death .	0
say your prayers; say your prayers!	0
i’m here ,  full of anger ,  to complain about my daughter hermia . —step forward ,  demetrius . —my lord ,  this man ,  demetrius ,  has my permission to marry her . —step forward ,  lysander . —but this other man ,  lysander ,  has cast a magic spell over my child’s heart . —you ,  you ,  lysander ,  you’ve given her poems ,  and exchanged tokens of love with my daughter .	0
dismiss me?	0
everyone swears to these conditions who come to take a chance for my worthless self.	0
safely hidden.	0
the king is virtuous and kind .	0
how if she be black and witty?	0
good - bye ,  until you return tonight .	0
but if we fail ,  we then can do ’t at land .	0
what were you before this ?	0
no ,  a woman’s gentle brain could never have come up with such crude expressions and even harsher meanings .	0
bloodshed will force you to .	0
what’s that noise ?	0
there are no faces truer than those that are so washed .	0
what ,  with worms and flies ?	0
is the situation in scotland the same?	0
why ,  no; the day had broke before we parted .	0
my lord ,  you know i love you .	0
i don’t see thisbe.	0
and after that, he came thus sad away?	0
no ,  by heaven .	0
is this certain ?	0
it’s come twice before ,  and just appearing out of nothing ,  he’s gone past us at this dead hour with a warlike stalk .	0
a devil ,  a born devil ,  on whose nature nurture can never stick; on whom my pains ,  humanely taken ,  all ,  all lost ,  quite lost ,  and ,  as with age his body uglier grows ,  so his mind cankers .	0
bring him before us.	0
that she was false to wedlock ?	0
she thanked me and told me that if a friend of mine had a story like mine to tell ,  she’d fall in love with him .	0
where’s the cook ?	0
your old age and the prospect of death are making you imagine things .	0
thank you .	0
the rest of the king’s guests are already inside .	0
in this ,  though i cannot be said to be a flattering honest man ,  it must not be denied but i am a plain - dealing villain .	0
within the very flame of love, there lives a kind of wick or snuff that will put it out, and nothing is worse than goodness staying still, for goodness, growing to an infectious flu, dies in his own too much.	0
or who pronounced the bitter sentence of poor clarence' death before i be convict by course of law ?	0
a play there is ,  my lord ,  some ten words long ,  which is as brief as i have known a play; but by ten words ,  my lord ,  it is too long ,  which makes it tedious ,  because ,  in all the play there is not one appropriate word ,  one player a good actor .	0
that’s a wise idea .	0
what foreign lands has he conquered and captive foreigners chained to his chariot wheels ?	0
would you ,  the supervisor ,  grossly gape on ,  behold her topped ?	0
it’s captain macmorris ,  right ?	0
you shall remain a prisoner, until the nature of your crime is known to the venetian state.	0
and to you ,  good sir .	0
eyes without feeling ,  feeling without sight ,  ears without hands or eyes ,  smelling without them all ,  or a sickly part of one true sense couldn’t act like this without a conscious thought .	0
my lord ,  i did intend it .	0
my lord, there wasn’t any such stuff in my thoughts.	0
bid them prepare within .	0
how goes the night ,  boy ?	0
i shall answer that better to the community than you can explain the swelling of the negro's belly; the moor is pregnant by you ,  launcelot .	0
sola !	0
to prayers, to prayers!	0
i did ,  my lord ,  and i have reason for it .	0
if you sit down ,  i’ll carry your logs a while .	0
that were the most if he should   husband you .	0
how now ,  my lord ?	0
shame on you ,  demetrius !	0
i go ,  i go; look how i go , — swifter than an arrow from the barbarian’s bow .	0
well ,  girl ,  thou weep'st not so much for his death as that the villain lives which slaughter'd him .	0
be assured, if words are made of breath, and breath is made of life, i have no life to breathe what you have said to me.	0
good thou, save me a piece of marchpane and, as thou lovest me, let the porter let in susan grindstone and nell.	0
it is to be all made of faith and service ,  and so am i for phoebe .	0
if i told you i understood greek ,  i’d be lying .	0
alas ,  i am the mother of these griefs .	0
how is't ,  my soul ?	0
to withdraw with you— why do you go about to recover the wind of me ,  as if you would drive me into a toil ?	0
what can you swear by now ?	0
i will be brief because i’m not going to live long enough to tell a boring story .	0
the story goes that, sleeping in my orchard, a serpent bit me.	0
what is the matter here?	0
no ,  no !	0
i would thou couldst .	0
i’ll have her ,  but i will not keep her long .	0
post - post - haste ,  dispatch .	0
o how honest!	0
alas ,  alas !	0
i bear no hatred ,  blessèd man ,  for ,  lo ,  my intercession likewise steads my foe .	0
i am poisoned.	0
still in this fashion ,  color ,  ornament ,  for him i imitate .	0
things for the cook ,  sir; but i know not what .	0
let that satisfy you .	0
if you behave yourself and join us in our circle dance and moonlight celebrations ,  then you can come with us .	0
there never was so rich a gem set in something worse than gold .	0
be changeable ,  luck ,  because then ,  i hope ,  you won’t keep him long ,  but send him back to me .	0
he brushes his hat o' mornings .	0
come .	0
i have it ,  and soundly too .	0
a cup, clos'd in my true love's hand?	0
he must die ,  and ,  for my part ,  i don’t know a personal cause to throw at him ,  but for the general complaints .	0
but macbeth is .	0
the main body of the army is expected here any hour now .	0
damn it ,  sir ,  to bid my old master ,  the jew ,  to come to supper tonight with my new master ,  the christian .	0
i know that we shall have him as a friend .	0
well, tell me now about the lady, the one you swore to make a secret trip to, the one you promised to tell me about today?	0
no ,  listen to it ,  antony .	0
come ,  everyone .	0
beware the ides of march .	0
do you hear that ,  men ?	0
what says he of our marriage ?	0
were of an age .	0
o conspiracy, shamest thou to show thy dangerous brow by night, when evils are most free?	0
no ,  sir .	0
you should pity me for that reason ,  not hate me .	0
it is so ,  indeed .	0
come one more; two of both kinds makes up four.	0
hast thou no mouth by land ?	0
i’ll ask them .	0
please listen to me speak.	0
news from verona!	0
an earnest oath from the king ,  as england was his faithful ally ,  as love between them might flourish like the palm tree ,  as peace should still wear her wheaten garland and stand like a comma between their friendships ,  and many  “ as - es ”  like that of great emotion ,  that ,  on the view and knowledge of these contents ,  without further discussion ,  more or less ,  he should the bearers put to sudden death ,  not even allowing time for confession and penance .	0
who commands them ,  sir ?	0
think you to walk forth ?	0
please get him ,  my friend ,  i beg you .	0
she lives .	0
tut ,  i like it not .	0
i have to go and live ,  or stay and die .	0
dost thou understand me ,  man ?	0
for from broad words ,  and ’cause he fail'd his presence at the tyrant's feast ,  i hear ,  macduff lives in disgrace .	0
this is lucentio’s house .	0
come ,  thou day in night ,  for thou wilt lie upon the wings of night whiter than new snow upon a raven’s back .	0
speak; i am bound to hear.	0
you are my true and honorable wife ,  as dear to me as are the ruddy drops that visit my sad heart .	0
what does that mean ,  sir ?	0
what, you egg!	0
and mine ,  with my heart in it: and now goodbye until half an hour later .	0
you ,  sir ?	0
unfortunately ,  i love myself .	0
patience ,  i pray you !	0
to stephano] lo, how he mocks me!	0
and i do know by this they stay for me in pompey’s porch .	0
not this hour ,  lieutenant; it is not yet ten of the clock .	0
bottom ,  you’re pyramus . —and flute ,  you’re thisbe .	0
look ,  sir ,  here comes the lady toward my cell .	0
three words ,  dear romeo ,  and good night indeed .	0
did cicero say anything?	0
if brutus will vouchsafe that antony may safely come to him and be resolved how caesar hath deserved to lie in death, mark antony shall not love caesar dead so well as brutus living, but will follow the fortunes and affairs of noble brutus thorough the hazards of this untrod state with all true faith.	0
without contradiction i have heard that .	0
ask for me to - morrow ,  and you shall find me a grave man .	0
give me an almanac .	0
and will he not come again?	0
the skin is good for your broken coxcomb .	0
in such a night ,  stood dido ,  with a willow in her hand ,  upon the wild sea - banks ,  and waft her love to come again to carthage .	0
but what see i ?	0
thy smiles become thee well .	0
tis he, that villain romeo.	0
i will come again .	0
yes ,  boy ,  ready .	0
he reads much, he is a great observer, and he looks quite through the deeds of men.	0
good ancient, you are welcome.	0
it is a massy wheel, fix'd on the summit of the highest mount, to whose huge spokes ten thousand lesser things are mortised and adjoin'd; which, when it falls, each small annexment, petty consequence, attends the boisterous ruin.	0
he poured a pint of rhine wine on my head once .	0
i am glad this parcel of wooers are so reasonable; for there is not one among them but i dote on his very absence, and i pray god grant them a fair departure.	0
i hope so too ,  madam .	0
but for the stuffing—well ,  we are all mortal .	0
before i saw lysander ,  athens seemed like paradise to me .	0
i fear me both are false .	0
he’s recruited bocchus ,  the king of libya; archelaus of cappadocia; philadelphos ,  king of paphlagonia; the thracian king ,  adallas; king manchus of arabia; the king of pont; herod ,  of judea; mithridates ,  king of comagen; polemon and amyntas ,  the kings of mede and lycaonia ,  and many more .	0
parting is such sweet sorrow ,  that i shall say good night till it be morrow .	0
revenges burn in them ,  for their dear causes would to the bleeding and the grim alarm excite the mortified man .	0
if the english had any sense ,  they would run away .	0
but that’s another story .	0
was not this love indeed ?	0
the island must be mild ,  and have a temperate climate .	0
a fortnight and odd days.	0
ne'er may i look on day ,  nor sleep on night but she tells to your highness simple truth .	0
thus rosalind of many parts by heavenly synod was devised ,  of many faces ,  eyes ,  and hearts to have the touches dearest prized .	0
you know that banquo and his son ,  fleance ,  live .	0
o coz ,  coz ,  coz ,  my pretty little coz ,  that thou didst know how many fathom deep i am in love .	0
even so lies she ,  blubbering and weeping ,  weeping and blubbering .	0
silence!	0
be god's sonties, it will be a hard way to go.	0
then, since the case so stands as now it doth, i think it best you married with the county.	0
out, damned spot!	0
and from thy hated presence part i so .	0
caesar and lepidus are in the field .	0
my lord, i say!	0
the best thing to do is crawl under his cloak .	0
affection !	0
yes ,  lepidus .	0
against my soul’s pure truth why labour you to make it wander in an unknown field ?	0
of a snail ?	0
how can i marry him ,  this husband ,  before he comes to court me ?	0
now would you please listen once again to the request i made to you earlier ?	0
he’s giving her a taste of her own medicine .	0
you should be ashamed of yourself ,  satan ,  you liar !	0
i am sorry to give breathing to my purpose— help me away ,  dear charmian !	0
i’d rather have lost my legs in battle than be a part of this !	0
your loves ,  as mine to you .	0
can fulvia die ?	0
how well my comfort is revived by this!	0
you know that banquo and his son, fleance, live.	0
it’s since the wedding of lucentio ,  come pentecost as quickly as it will ,  it’s some five - and - twenty years since we masked .	0
just as you got milan ,  i’ll get naples .	0
good portia ,  go to bed .	0
so is he now in execution of any bold or noble enterprise, however he puts on this tardy form.	0
we fatten up all other creatures to fatten us up ,  when we fatten ourselves for maggots .	0
how hast thou the heart ,  being a divine ,  a ghostly confessor ,  a sin - absolver ,  and my friend professed ,  to mangle me with that word  “ banishèd ”  ?	0
you should know ,  my loving lord ,  i’ve heard that the marquess dorset has fled to brittany ,  to the earl of richmond .	0
wilt thou change fathers ?	0
wherefore ?	0
marry ,  well remembered .	0
here's a skull, now.	0
but antonio’s certainly ruined .	0
but you shall find the band that seems to tie their friendship together will be the very strangler of their amity .	0
so ,  slave: get going !	0
because everything is sealed and done that relies on this affair .	0
a certain aim he took at a fair vestal thronèd by the west ,  and loosed his love shaft smartly from his bow as it should pierce a hundred thousand hearts .	0
is there anything else you wish ?	0
you men of cyprus, bend your knees.	0
how full of meaning his replies sometimes are !	0
set down your venerable burden ,  and let him feed .	0
tis certain then for cyprus.	0
lie thou there (throwing down a letter) ,  for here comes the trout that must be caught with tickling .	0
shame on you !	0
approach the chamber ,  and destroy your sight with a new gorgon .	0
the king stays awake tonight and has a drinking party ,  keeps toasting ,  and the swaggering morning whirls ,  and ,  as he drinks down his drafts of rhine wine ,  the kettle - drum and trumpet thus noisily announce the triumph of his drinking it all down at once .	0
remember me .  ”  i have sworn ’t .	0
there’s going to be a storm .	0
come ,  brands ,  ho ,  fire -  .	0
out ,  you green - sickness carrion !	0
mistress !	0
romeo!	0
i prithee take the cork out of thy mouth ,  that i may drink thy tidings .	0
if you saw yourself with your eyes or knew yourself with your judgment ,  the fear of your adventure would counsel you to a more equal enterprise .	0
great jove ,  guard othello ,  and swell his sail with your own powerful breath ,  that he may bless this bay with his tall ship ,  make love's quick breaths in desdemona's arms ,  give renewed fire to our dead spirits ,  and bring all cyprus comfort !	0
thus do i ever make my fool my purse; for i mine own gain'd knowledge should profane ,  if i would time expend with such a snipe but for my sport and profit .	0
he’s an important person .	0
by my heel, i care not.	0
it follows ,  then ,  the cat must stay at home .	0
never to speak of this that you have heard: swear by my sword .	0
soft ,  sir !	0
to know my deed, it’s best not know myself.	0
for thy three thousand ducats here is six .	0
you are building your nest in	0
i will not sleep ,  hortensio ,  till i see her ,  and therefore let me be thus bold with you to give you over at this first encounter ,  unless you will accompany me thither .	0
why ,  then my shoe is well - flowered .	0
brother ,  i advise you to the best .	0
i won’t be a soldier anymore .	0
our yoke and sufferance show us womanish .	0
don’t be afraid .	0
pardon ,  dear father .	0
let him command, and it shall be penance for me to obey, whatever the bloody business is.	0
peace !	0
he’s alive and victorious ,  and mercutio’s dead ?	0
what are they that would speak with me ?	0
it was just moments ago .	0
by this sword ,  i will .	0
i’m not sick ,  if brutus have any exploit worthy of the name of honor in hand .	0
i'll have this knot knit up to - morrow morning .	0
in verity you did . —my bones bear witness ,  that since have felt the vigour of his rage .	0
here on her breast there is a vent of blood ,  and something blown .	0
idle old man that still would manage those authorities that he hath given away !	0
just notice .	0
you’ve come to face a ruthless enemy ,  an inhuman wretch incapable of pity ,  without any feelings of mercy .	0
ha ,  ha .	0
i have words to speak into your ear will make you speechless ,  but are they much too light for the heart of the matter .	0
for mine own part ,  i shall be glad to learn of noble men .	0
i do not think so.	0
tell me who shall have the better luck ,  caesar or me ?	0
and to see how he prizes the foolish woman, your wife!	0
listen!	0
what a horrible world we live in !	0
even now we housed him in the abbey here ,  and now he’s there ,  past thought of human reason .	0
no ,  that same wicked bastard of venus that was begot of thought ,  conceived of spleen ,  and born of madness ,  that blind rascally boy that abuses everyone’s eyes because his own are out ,  let him be judge how deep i am in love .	0
would none but i might venge my cousin’s death !	0
let me know .	0
but she loves it so much (since othello told her she should always keep it with her) that she always keeps it near her to kiss it and talk to it .	0
i will be free from thee .	0
tybalt, that murderer, which way ran he?	0
madman !	0
nay, come, let's go together.	0
no ,  dear queen ,  for we intend so to dispose you as yourself shall give us counsel .	0
he's dead ,  he's dead ,  he's dead !	0
twill be heavier soon by the weight of a man .	0
by running fast .	0
what art thou that usurp'st this time of night ,  together with that fair and warlike form in which the majesty of buried denmark did sometimes march ?	0
this poor guy’s partly confessed his plan .	0
unequal match'd, pyrrhus at priam drives, in rage strikes wide; but with the whiff and wind of his fell sword the unnerved father falls.	0
what news more ?	0
don’t you	0
no, my lord.	0
you shall be free.	0
but you don’t love me .	0
no .	0
i do desire we may be better strangers .	0
my matter hath no voice ,  lady ,  but to your own most pregnant and vouchsafed ear .	0
may it please your highness, sit.	0
come hither ,  nurse .	0
marry ,  heaven forbid !	0
what, are they children?	0
come ,  uncle exeter ,  go you and enter harfleur .	0
good my lord ,  vouchsafe me a word with you .	0
you will compel me then to read the will ?	0
go bring them all here; i give you power over them .	0
you won’t be seeing anything . —hold his chair still ,  men . —i’m going to put my foot on his eyes .	0
sister ,  be happy in my unhappiness . —sir ,  i will humbly obey you .	0
cursed be my tribe of israel if i forgive him!	0
my memory is hazy ,  more like a dream than a recollection .	0
heavens thank you for it!	0
it is the most impenetrable cur that ever kept with men .	0
my lord?	0
there's blood upon your face.	0
there are many troubles brewing now that have yet to become full - fledged threats .	0
i’ll do it .	0
god ye good-den, fair gentlewoman.	0
the shrill - gorged lark so far cannot be seen or heard .	0
stand back .	0
if i could bid the fifth welcome with so good a heart as i can bid the other four farewell ,  i should be glad of his approach: if he have the condition of a saint and the complexion of a devil ,  i had rather he should shrive me than wive me .	0
what, if i had said i had seen him do you wrong?	0
start without me .	0
until recently ,  i was as unimportant to his affairs as the morning dew is to the wide ocean .	0
we are wasting time; please ,  enforce sentence .	0
oh ,  how stupid !	0
well ,  well ,  we shall thrive now . —seest thou ,  my good fellow ?	0
here it’s ,  most reverend doctor; here it is .	0
therefore no more but to the matter .	0
talk you of young master launcelot ? —mark me now—now will i raise the waters . —talk you of young master launcelot ?	0
dost thou hear, iago?	0
what does he say about our marriage?	0
where is he?	0
they lack retention .	0
i hear some noise within.	0
let him kill one first .	0
no ,  to whitefriars .	0
why ,  now ,  blow wind ,  swell seas ,  and swim ships !	0
he was a man .	0
here comes the man himself .	0
i will have my bond .	0
farewell .	0
can you tell me ?	0
i must employ you in some business against our nuptial and confer with you of something nearly that concerns yourselves .	0
your dog-like spirit that must have been ruled by a wolf hanged for killing a human, his evil soul falling quickly even from the gallows, and, while you lay in your unholy mother, sent itself into you, because your desires are wolfish, bloody, starved, and hungry.	0
yonder comes my master ,  your brother .	0
dost thou call me fool ,  boy ?	0
for the law of writ and the liberty ,  these are the only men .	0
where did they vanished to ?	0
no better .	0
be as ourself in denmark.	0
the night has been unruly .	0
do you note me ?	0
no ,  i won’t take a husband until they make men out of something other than dirt .	0
live, and hereafter say a madman's mercy bid thee run away.	0
is that anything to think about now?	0
fare thee well .	0
what ,  not a word ?	0
and when a wise man gives you better advice than i just did ,  give me my advice back again .	0
come, come, come, come, give me your hand.	0
you mean an officer ?	0
and it’s too bad ,  brutus ,  that you don’t have any mirrors that could display your hidden excellence to yourself .	0
then half signor benedick’s tongue in count john’s mouth ,  and half count john’s melancholy in signor benedick’s face— with a good leg and a good foot ,  uncle ,  and money enough in his purse ,  such a man would win any woman in the world ,  if he could get her goodwill .	0
complain unto the duke of this indignity .	0
why are you locking her away because of this fiend from hell ,  signor baptista ?	0
he knows no more about the proper practice of war ,  see—the ancient practices—than a puppy .	0
i do beseech you ,  sir ,  trouble yourself no further .	0
he ,  swift of foot ,  outran my purpose; and i return'd the rather for that i heard the clink and fall of swords ,  and cassio high in oath ,  which till tonight i ne'er might say before .	0
within the very flame of love ,  there lives a kind of wick or snuff that will put it out ,  and nothing is worse than goodness staying still ,  for goodness ,  growing to an infectious flu ,  dies in his own too much .	0
the sun !	0
then i heard the trumpets blow twice ,  and left him there in a trance .	0
the earth has bubbles, as boiling water has, and these spirits are like that.	0
no ,  not take interest; not ,  as you would say ,  directly interest: mark what jacob did .	0
thank you, the valiant of this warlike isle, that so approve the moor!	0
in such a night, medea gather'd the enchanted herbs that did renew old æson.	0
well ,  well ,  i don’t care .	0
i think i hear them.	0
fast asleep ,  i guarantee her .	0
damn ,  a risky business .	0
farewell!	0
they hold up adam's profession.	0
boy ,  this shall not excuse the injuries that thou hast done me .	0
they ought to be whipped for being so stupid .	0
or say ,  sweet love ,  what thou desirest to eat .	0
hold ,  tybalt !	0
do you need something ?	0
i think it is ,  sir .	0
but he comes armed in his fortune and prevents the slander of his wife .	0
by heaven ,  i'll know you’re thinking .	0
what ring did you give ,  my lord ?	0
he doth indeed show some sparks that are like wit .	0
use every man according to his class ,  and who should escape whipping ?	0
my heart prays for him ,  though my tongue do curse .	0
if it be not to come ,  it will be now .	0
i would it might be hangers till then .	0
sir ,  i entreat you home with me to dinner .	0
i remember his face well .	0
what am i ,  a cane ?	0
let us rather hold fast the mortal sword ,  and like good men bestride our downfall'n birthdom .	0
fourscore ducats !	0
that’s what we’re trying to say ,  sir .	0
alack, what heinous sin is it in me, to be asham'd to be my father's child!	0
more knocking: get on your nightgown ,  lest occasion call us and show us to be watchers .	0
it’s just my bad luck .	0
i am glad thy father’s dead ,  thy match was mortal to him ,  and pure grief shore his old thread in twain .	0
if you wish .	0
heaven knows what she has known .	0
brother— content yourself .	0
i pray you sir ,  go forth and give us truth who ’tis that is arrived .	0
tell him i want to speak with him .	0
go on ,  go on .	0
hold, tybalt!	0
do you know ,  sirrah ,  where lieutenant cassio lies ?	0
o ,  this is the poison of deep grief ,  it all springs from her father's death .	0
take your face out of here.	0
no ,  no ,  he is dead ,  go to your death - bed ,  he never will come again .	0
i’ll go, sir, and not trouble you.	0
ay ,  good fool .	0
amen, amen, to that fair prayer say i; and then end life when i end loyalty!	0
belike his wife ,  acquainted with his fits ,  on purpose shut the doors against his way .	0
brutus ,  this sober face of yours hides wrongs; and when you do them— cassius ,  please .	0
o mistress ,  villainy hath made mocks with love !	0
why ,  ’tis a cockle or a walnut shell ,  a knack ,  a toy ,  a trick ,  a baby’s cap .	0
then she comes to me ,  and with wild looks ,  asks me to devise some means to get her of this second marriage ,  or right there ,  in my cell ,  she would kill herself .	0
we can’t waste time between now and six o'clock .	0
i’m telling you ,  it’s not lost .	0
well ,  we’ve missed the beginning; it’s dead and buried .	0
i’m not telling a lie.	0
is he right ?	0
be lenient ,  dearest !	0
i beseech your pardon .	0
until then, sit still, my soul.	0
which ,  when i saw rehearsed ,  i must confess ,  made mine eyes water—but more merry tears the passion of loud laughter never shed .	0
the curfew bell hath rung .	0
oh ,  caesar !	0
now they’ve turned around and are clearly heading for cyprus .	0
what, sir, not in bed yet?	0
then have at thee, boy!	0
i only say what she is .	0
think you i am no stronger than my sex ,  being so fathered and so husbanded ?	0
thy name is gloucester .	0
this was the noblest roman of them all.	0
we’ve driven him all the way back to his camp .	0
what committed !	0
yes .	0
a calendar, a calendar!	0
naked in bed together ,  but without doing anything ?	0
thy mantle good, what!	0
by the mass ,  it is indeed like a camel .	0
ah ,  juliet if you’re as happy as i am ,  and you’re better with words ,  tell me about the happiness you imagine we’ll have in our marriage .	0
work you, then.	0
vows ,  to the blackest devil !	0
god forgive me !	0
he'll still be hanged, although every drop of water swears against it and open very wide to fill him up.	0
the poet's eye ,  rolling in a fine frenzy ,  glances from heaven to earth ,  from earth to heaven; and as imagination sends out the forms of things unknown ,  the poet's pen turns them to shapes ,  and gives a local place and a name to airy nothing .	0
i am bid forth to supper ,  jessica .	0
give me some aqua vitae.	0
i see, sir, you are free in making offers; you taught me to beg first, and now i think you teach me how to answer a beggar.	0
to put it plainly ,  i’m afraid i’m not quite sane .	0
go thou to juliet ,  help to deck up her .	0
juno sings her blessings upon you.	0
i’ll none now .	0
what's the matter, that you destroy your reputation like this, and waste your reputation for the name of a night-brawler?	0
lead off this ground ,  and let's make further search for my poor son .	0
a plague upon the tyrant that i serve!	0
your mother’s been poisoned .	0
are you on duty again tonight ?	0
i’ll listen to cassius ,  and we will compare their reasons .	0
what you have spoken may be so perhaps.	0
don’t speak, don’t reply, don’t answer me.	0
that is hot ice and wondrous strange snow .	0
o, what a idle, wandering, and peasant slave i am!	0
anon .	0
o for a falconer's voice to lure this tassel - gentle back again !	0
well ,  what is it ?	0
have montjoy hurry ,  then ,  lord constable ,  and have him ask the king of england what he is willing to pay us to get out of the war .	0
they are not ever jealous for the cause ,  but jealous for they’re jealous .	0
and indeed he did so.	0
so let it be with caesar .	0
a grandmother is loved hardly less than a mother is .	0
i don’t know either.	0
more light and light—more dark and dark our woes !	0
treason!	0
have patience, gentle friends, i must not read it; it isn’t proper that you know how caesar loved you.	0
lo you, here she comes!	0
oh ,  lord ,  this makes me laugh !	0
no ,  my good lord .	0
in such a night, did pretty jessica, like a little shrew, slander her love, and he forgave it her.	0
to what issue will this come?	0
no, my lord.	0
here comes the lady.	0
shylock, there's three times your money offered to you.	0
your father was always a holy man, and holy men have good ideas when they die; so the lottery that he has thought up in these three chests, made of gold, of silver, and of lead, by means of which whoever chooses the right chest chooses you, will, no doubt, never be chosen by the right man except the one you shall rightly love.	0
my lord ,  he has of late made many offers of his affection to me .	0
yea ,  my lord ,  but i can cross it .	0
here at the door; i beg you ,  call them in .	0
don’t say  “ banishment .  ”  from now on ,  you are banished from verona .	0
but do not so .	0
out ,  fool .	0
i’ll go onto the platform first ,  and explain our caesar's death .	0
if a man’s brains were in ’s heels ,  were ’t not in danger of kibes ?	0
why are you enraged ?	0
some to the common pulpits ,  and cry out ,   “ liberty ,  freedom ,  and enfranchisement !  ”  people and senators ,  be not affrighted .	0
welcome ,  sir .	0
who is calling so loudly?	0
you understand me ,  yes ?	0
better be with the dead ,  whom we ,  to gain our peace ,  have sent to peace ,  than on the torture of the mind to lie in restless ecstasy .	0
what judgment shall i dread, doing no wrong?	0
march gently ahead to meet him .	0
who's here ?	0
give me a cup of wine .	0
ho, ho, ho!	0
i won’t miss any chance to send my love to you .	0
my poor heart is so aggravated for a kinsman ,  madam ,  that if you could only find a man to bear a poison ,  i would help to mix it ,  so that romeo should ,  when he gets it ,  soon sleep in quiet .	0
now sir, this done, as it is a very compelling and natural position, who is outstanding and first in the degree of this luck as cassio is?	0
i have not seen him this two days .	0
i think he be angry indeed .	0
you are lesser than macbeth but also greater .	0
are you wise ?	0
thank you .	0
when could they say till now that talk'd of rome that her wide walls encompass'd but one man ?	0
yet ,  countrymen ,  o ,  still hold up your heads !	0
it shall advantage more than do us wrong .	0
i like it better than laughing .	0
what's this?	0
you greet my noble partner with current grace and great predictions of having nobility and of the hope to be king, that he seems carried away as well.	0
that were some spite; my invocation is fair and honest: in his mistress’ name ,  i conjure only but to raise up him .	0
othello ?	0
please sir ,  if love or money can buy anything in this empty place ,  tell us where we can rest and feed ourselves .	0
with courtesy and with respect enough ,  only not with such familiar instances ,  or with such free and friendly conversation ,  as he used to in the old days .	0
what ,  not one hit ?	0
well, thou dost best.	0
your grace does me as great an honor as could be wished by any of his subjects .	0
cicero is dead ,  by their decree .	0
yes ,  if i’m alive ,  and your mind hold ,  and your dinner worth the eating .	0
if you mark alexander’s life well ,  harry of monmouth’s life is come after it indifferent well ,  for there is figures in all things .	0
as for the food ,  it will be served in covered dishes .	0
live ,  and later you will say ,  a madman's mercy made you run away .	0
o my prophetic soul!	0
what warlike noise is this ?	0
doth she not count her blessed ,  unworthy as she is ,  that we have wrought so worthy a gentleman to be her bride ?	0
now he feels his title hang loose about him ,  like a giant's robe upon a dwarfish thief .	0
my good friends, hark!	0
my good lords ,  i plan to .	0
and then ,  i hope ,  thou wilt be satisfied .	0
how now ,  my love !	0
i hear some noise within .	0
no, i will.	0
i’ll kiss your hand ,  and with that i leave you .	0
the goodness of the night on you ,  friends !	0
good morrow ,  catesby .	0
i don’t think so !	0
don’t be afraid of her company .	0
ha!	0
something he left imperfect in the state which ,  since his coming forth ,  is thought of; which imports to the kingdom so much fear and danger that his personal return was most required and necessary .	0
where we quietly buried you ,  has opened up its heavy marble jaws to spit you out again .	0
come inside with me ,  and i will tell you my plan .	0
why ,  he is the prince’s jester ,  a very dull fool ,  only his gift is in devising impossible slanders .	0
you’re a well - dressed lady .	0
my friend ,  your husband ,  the honest ,  honest iago .	0
what, dost thou make us minstrels?	0
you are gentlemen of brave spirit: you would lift the moon out of her orbit if she would continue in it for five weeks without changing .	0
but wait !	0
is your englishman so expert in his drinking ?	0
cassio doesn’t know you .	0
it seems it is as proper for our age to cast beyond ourselves in our opinions as it is common for the younger sort to lack discretion .	0
here it is .	0
we’ll see them immediately .	0
do you see that?	0
stephano is my name ,  and i bring word my mistress will before the break of day be here at belmont .	0
i am he that is so love - shaked .	0
well ,  maybe he’ll do her some good .	0
it is he ,  that villain ,  romeo .	0
there was no link to color peter’s hat ,  and walter’s dagger was not come from sheathing .	0
why ,  so he doth ,  when he delivers you from this earth’s thralldom to the joys of heaven .	0
who then shall blame his pester'd senses to recoil and start ,  when all that is within him does condemn itself for being there ?	0
no ,  it is four months ,  my lord .	0
all are punish'd .	0
you can’t get out of trouble by praying or crying ,  so don’t bother .	0
stay, countrymen.	0
therefore ,  since brevity is the soul of wit and tediousness the limbs and outward flourishes ,  i will be brief: your noble son is mad .	0
stay but a little, i will come again.	0
if thou consider rightly of the matter, caesar has had great wrong.	0
how silent is this town!	0
i didn’t take any more pains bringing this message than you took pains in thanking me .	0
twas no need ,  i trow ,  to bid me trudge .	0
get thee to a nunnery ,  go .	0
she told her ,  while she kept it ,  'twould make her amiable and subdue my father entirely to her love ,  but if she lost it or made a gift of it ,  my father's eye should hold her loathed and his spirits should hunt after new fancies .	0
how now ,  fellow ?	0
content ,  in faith .	0
o most happy hour !	0
god mark thee to his grace !	0
i’m being called .	0
is it so stated in the promise to pay ?	0
i do fear the people choose caesar for their king.	0
wherefore to dover ,  sir ?	0
that he has used you.	0
and if you rattle on about mountains ,  then let them throw millions of acres over us .	0
whatever happens tonight ,  don’t talk about it .	0
don’t bring me any more reports.	0
blest pudding!	0
i can’t offer her more than all i have .	0
come ,  swear it ,  damn yourself; lest ,  being like one of heaven ,  the devils themselves should fear to seize you .	0
what kind of woman is she ?	0
in some bush?	0
ay ,  mine own fortune in my misery .	0
i have turned enemy to my own .	0
this man said ,  sir ,  that don john ,  the prince’s brother ,  was a villain .	0
ay ,  and this .	0
i’m beginning to understand what you want me to do .	0
well ,  let his father be what a will ,  we talk of young master launcelot .	0
so ,  thanks to all at once and to each one ,  whom we invite to see us crowned at scone .	0
nice and short and full of good sense—or should i say nonsense ?	0
cessez !	0
yes ,  be content ,  good touchstone .	0
what can you discern at sea from the cape?	0
what ,  are you answered yet ?	0
she’s cold .	0
i hope so; i was not born to die on brutus' sword .	0
what’s that good for ?	0
you have done well ,  that men must lay their murders on your neck .	0
i dare not confess that lest i should compare with him in excellence ,  but to know a man well were to know himself .	0
i’ve always had great respect for your destiny .	0
alas ,  he is betray'd ,  and i undone !	0
but small to greater matters must give way .	0
now ,  if this suit lay in bianca's power ,  how quickly should you speed !	0
i bring you news of the prince's sentence .	0
what ,  is he angry ?	0
a lady ,  sir ,  though it was said she much resembled me ,  was yet of many accounted beautiful .	0
come, montague; for thou art early up to see thy son and heir more early down.	0
your highness bade me ask for it today .	0
and shall ,  sir .	0
seyton!	0
oh ,  please ,  tell us ,  sir .	0
but do this: find your brother ,  wherever he is .	0
pronounce it for me, sir, to all our friends, for my heart speaks they are welcome.	0
crazy ”  i call it ,  because to define true craziness ,  what is it except to be nothing else but crazy ?	0
my lord ,  he has wrung from me my reluctant permission by asking me again and again ,  and i finally had to give in .	0
don’t take long to speak.	0
marry, i'll teach you.	0
your plantain - leaf is excellent for that .	0
look how far that little candle sends its light !	0
i wouldn’t allow any commerce .	0
no ,  sir ,  she shall not ,  though you take her part .	0
and that’s everything ,  leonato . —claudio ,  benedick—my dear friend leonato has invited you all to stay here at messina .	0
no, my heart is turned to stone; i strike it, and it hurts my hand.	0
he can’t speak ,  my lord .	0
if you can get his wife, you do yourself a pleasure, me a sport.	0
ay, and briefly.	0
the clock has struck three .	0
swear by my sword .	0
i tell you she is ,  and therefore make her grave straight .	0
peace, ho, for shame!	0
i speak to you as a plain soldier .	0
go to; farewell .	0
but still ,  she’s going to kill you for being gone so long .	0
i am their father’s mother .	0
take heed o' th' foul fiend .	0
octavius ,  then take him to follow thee that did the latest service to my master .	0
half a share.	0
where is my page?	0
people in high positions are shaken by many blasts of wind ,  and when they fall ,  they shatter into pieces .	0
so young and so cruel ?	0
my husband !	0
the queen desires you to use some gentle entertainment to laertes before you fall to play.	0
your life is stretched to its limit .	0
nobody will hurt us .	0
out upon it ,  old carrion !	0
fled to his house amazed .	0
well ,  we’ll see how you act .	0
both he loves .	0
take them in.	0
go sleep, and hear us.	0
fly, good fleance, fly, fly, fly!	0
what impossible matter will he make easy next ?	0
now he is a - praying .	0
that way ,  the maiden that stood between me and them shall be the means of my achieving my desire .	0
we did a lot of drinking in egypt .	0
come on .	0
the old toad is calling me.	0
almost as bad ,  good mother ,  as killing a king and marrying his brother .	0
bring him with triumph home unto his house.	0
some holy angel fly to the court of england and unfold his message ere he come ,  that a swift blessing may soon return to this our suffering country under a hand accursed !	0
the man who brought my answer to you was a fool .	0
in your own kitchens you act like wildcats .	0
as a friend or an enemy?	0
what unlucky event is up so early, that calls me from my morning's rest?	0
children are now very popular, and are on the common stages, as they call them, so much that many actors are afraid they cannot compete and barely dare to come there.	0
no harm done.	0
why ,  anything .	0
yes ,  my lord ,  if you give us permission .	0
those that have known the earth so full of faults .	0
i lack iniquity sometimes to do me service.	0
well ,  explain—but do it fast so that your puny store of kindness isn’t used up by talking about it .	0
give my regards to hastings ,  catesby .	0
there are many events in the womb of time which will be delivered .	0
i beg you ,  remember the good work i’ve done for you ,  and how i’ve never lied to you ,  never made mistakes ,  and never grumbled in my work .	0
o thou public commoner!	0
where goes cesario ?	0
till birnam wood remove to dunsinane i cannot taint with fear.	0
sir ,  the king— yes ,  what about him ?	0
do it.	0
and why do you blame me for loving you ?	0
o, she was foul!	0
my lord ,  you play'd once i' th' university ,  you say ?	0
but ,  goodbye !	0
niece ,  you are exceptionally perceptive .	0
i can’t speak to her ,  even though she asked me to .	0
i’m making a kind offer—zero percent financing .	0
i stay too long from her .	0
have all his ventures failed?	0
i am not long, i guarantee, for this world.	0
what do you here alone ?	0
you poisonous slave, fathered by the devil himself through your wicked mother, come out!	0
what doth she say ,  my lord of buckingham ?	0
shylock, do you hear me?	0
o heavens forfend !	0
poor ropes ,  you are beguil'd ,  both you and i ,  for romeo is exil'd .	0
my fate cries out ,  and makes each and every vein in this body as hardy as the nerve of the lion killed by hercules .	0
nor i, my lord, in faith.	0
you wilt not murder me?	0
no, i beg you, listen.	0
now i must go to the tomb alone .	0
art thou there ,  truepenny ?	0
go .	0
i'll call them back again to comfort me.	0
they are loves i bear to you .	0
keep this man safe, give him all kindness; i had rather have such men my friends than enemies.	0
for pity’s sake ,  what’s this noise ?	0
no ?	0
what ,  are you mad ?	0
varro and claudius!	0
oh ,  heaven ,  how got she out ?	0
to visit you, my lord, no other occasion.	0
he hath brought many captives home to rome ,  whose ransoms did the general coffers fill .	0
good to see you ,  master antipholus .	0
to stephano and trinculo] hence ,  and bestow your lug -  [to stephano and trinculo] hence ,  and bestow your lug -  gage where you found it .	0
she’s dead ,  deceased ,  she’s dead .	0
by my hand i swear ,  and my father’s soul ,  the work ish ill done .	0
what three things does drink especially instigate?	0
i’ll see what being sorry does .	0
come on ,  lazy loafer; come on ,  you child; i'll whip you with a rod .	0
no ,  not a whit .	0
it won’t make me jealous, to say my wife is beautiful, cooks well, loves company, is free of speech, sings, plays, and dances well; where virtue is, these are more virtuous.	0
you’d give the moon a shove if it got stuck five weeks in its orbit .	0
but how long will her beautiful life last ?	0
i am not here .	0
my gracious king .	0
for two ,  and sound ones too .	0
o iago !	0
it sang about my crimes .	0
why ?	0
what speech ,  my good lord ?	0
but soft !	0
how infinite in faculties !	0
oh iago !	0
there are two in the same room .	0
here's a change indeed !	0
the poop was beaten gold ,  purple the sails ,  and so perfumèd that the winds were lovesick with them .	0
he has his moods and his ways .	0
o, beware, my lord, of jealousy; lord, what fools these mortals be!	0
i’m going now .	0
what dost thou say ?	0
so guildenstern and rosencrantz go to't .	0
but ,  good kate ,  mock me mercifully ,  the rather ,  gentle princess ,  because i love thee cruelly .	0
virtue ?	0
the phrase would be more german to the matter if we could carry cannons by our sides .	0
fie ,  my lord ,  fie !	0
as my child ,  i order you to do so .	0
are we all met?	0
before my god ,  i might not believe this thing without the seeing and true testimony of my own eyes .	0
he lays it on.	0
never, my lord.	0
good - bye .	0
good sir ,  this ring was given to me by my wife .	0
no ,  my fair cousin .	0
i’m your evil spirit ,  brutus .	0
why ,  a horse .	0
i now give my opinion: hold it no longer; this is no fish ,  but an islander ,  that has lately been struck by lightning .	0
what else is love ?	0
i don’t want to take another man’s second - hand goods .	0
comes not that blood as modest evidence to witness simple virtue ?	0
the deep of night has crept over our talk, and nature must obey necessity; which we will put off with a little rest.	0
your father was ever virtuous; and holy men at their death have good inspirations; therefore ,  the lottery that he hath devised in these three chests ,  of gold ,  silver ,  and lead ,  (whereof who chooses his meaning chooses you , ) will ,  no doubt ,  never be chosen by any rightly ,  but one who you shall rightly love .	0
god buy you ,  take mine office .	0
behold, the chests stand there, noble prince: if you choose the one that i am contained in, our marriage vows will be solemnized right away; but if you fail, my lord, you must be gone from here immediately without any more talking.	0
away !	0
something is rotten in the state of denmark .	0
the time was once when thou unurged wouldst vow that never words were music to thine ear ,  that never object pleasing in thine eye ,  that never touch well welcome to thy hand ,  that never meat sweet - savored in thy taste ,  unless i spake ,  or looked ,  or touched ,  or carved to thee .	0
this is my biological father, who, being more than half-blind, nearly stone blind, doesn’t know me: i’ll try to confuse him.	0
farewell .	0
and this may help to thicken other proofs that do demonstrate thinly .	0
the ground indeed is tawny .	0
it would make any man as mad as a bull to be betrayed like this .	0
yes .	0
my lord!	0
this must be known ,  which ,  if kept secret ,  might mean more trouble to hide it than hate for utter love .	0
yeah ,  right—you sent me to get whipped .	0
then must the jew be merciful.	0
this dagger hath mista'en—for ,  lo ,  his house is empty on the back of montague ,  and it mis - sheathèd in my daughter’s bosom .	0
a man may fish with the worm that hath eat of a king, and eat of the fish that hath fed of that worm.	0
it’s as if this show describes the argument of the play .	0
is it possible to be wise ,  bewildered ,  calm ,  furious ,  loyal ,  and neutral all at once ?	0
he would have deserved it: sixpence a day in pyramus ,  or nothing .	0
yes ,  my lord .	0
she's a very exquisite lady .	0
ah, ha!	0
but not by him!	0
too cruel any where.	0
my good lysander !	0
i beg you, don’t let my jealousies be your dishonors, only my own safeties.	0
it is too heavy for your grace to wear .	0
do you not remember ,  lady ,  in your father’s time a venetian ,  a scholar and a soldier ,  that came hither in company of the marquess of montferrat ?	0
if you make any more complaints ,  i will open an oak and put you inside it until you have howled away twelve more years .	0
for ,  coming thence ,  my son is lost ,  and ,  in my rate ,  she too ,  who is so far from italy removed i ne'er again shall see her .	0
why do you stay so long ,  my lords of france ?	0
i gave you everything— and it was about time too .	0
soft, sir!	0
can such things be, and overcome us like a summer's cloud, without our special wonder?	0
and yesterday the bird of night did sit even at noon-day upon the market-place, howling and shrieking.	0
i’ll get myself a fur - trimmed suit .	0
if arguing makes us sweat ,  the real trial will turn that water to blood .	0
fast ,  i warrant her ,  she .	0
now ,  welcome ,  kate . —and let everyone bear witness that here i kiss her as my sovereign queen .	0
this in the public eye ?	0
yes ,  but not to die yet .	0
then up he rose and put on his clothes, and opened the chamber door, let in the maid that rejected a maid and never left again.	0
none that i know will be, much that i fear may chance.	0
no.	0
it is impossible .	0
romeo !	0
part them !	0
if thou beest stephano ,  touch me and speak to me .	0
your lieutenant, if you list, he's no standard.	0
i will not choose what many men desire, because i will not jump with common spirits, and rank me with the barbarous multitudes.	0
go to your rest; at night we'll feast together.	0
know then i came before you here a man prepared to take this offer ,  but mark antony put me to some impatience .	0
so please ,  my sweet rose ,  my dear rose ,  be happy .	0
no ,  you'll reveal it .	0
o ,  she is more the angel ,  and you the blacker devil !	0
i didn’t expect any better from him once he got involved with mistress shore .	0
macbeth .	0
you did, and more, miranda.	0
i thank my heart—the poor fool—for it keeps away from seriousness .	0
we are sent to give thee, from our royal master, thanks; only to herald thee into his sight, not pay thee.	0
she had a prophesying fear of what hath come to pass .	0
not yet quite dead ?	0
most holy and religious fear it is to keep those many many bodies safe that live and feed upon your majesty .	0
you would play me, you would seem to know my holes to cover, you want to pick out the heart of my mystery, you would sound me from my lowest note to the my highest note, and there is much music, excellent voice, in this little pipe, yet you can’t play it.	0
is your man secret ?	0
great god of heaven ,  say amen to all this !	0
there is only one hope in it that can do you any good, and that is only a kind of bastard hope.	0
sir ,  you’re old .	0
a most scurvy monster !	0
that way the noise is .	0
and mine, with my heart in it: and now goodbye until half an hour later.	0
so thrive my soul— a thousand times good night !	0
wherefore this ghastly looking ?	0
give me that boy and i’ll come with you .	0
i see the business .	0
that's not a job for a friend, my lord.	0
and i another.	0
oh ,  she’s ten times nicer than her father is mean ,  and he’s the height of crabbiness .	0
what ho ,  horatio !	0
i’ll torment them all till they roar with pain .	0
they haven’t been commanded to go to the west ,  mighty king .	0
in torture, bassanio!	0
my father ,  in his habit as he liv'd !	0
things growing are not ripe until their season; so i ,  being young ,  till now ripe not to reason; and touching now the point of human skill ,  reason becomes the marshal to my will ,  and leads me to your eyes ,  where i o'erlook love's stories ,  written in love's richest book .	0
are you a man ?	0
thanks for being on time.	0
what sense did i have of her stolen hours of lust?	0
there isn’t a nobler man than antony in all of rome .	0
tell us where ’tis ,  that we may take it thence and bear it to the chapel .	0
she shall ,  lucentio .	0
even or odd, of all days in the year, come lammas eve at night shall she be fourteen.	0
and i’ve been avoiding him all day .	0
i heard a bustling rumor ,  like a riot ,  and the wind brings it from the capitol .	0
why ,  good sir ?	0
after you cast your magic spell on me last time ,  i sent you a ring .	0
and so will i .	0
good sir ,  whose powers are these ?	0
if this be so ,  why blame you me to love you ?	0
hail ,  king of scotland !	0
he is made of treachery ,  and has run away to avoid his crimes .	0
and you ,  sweet hero ?	0
stop her !	0
my voice is now the king’s ,  my looks mine own .	0
where's this girl?	0
who does he accuse ?	0
i see that thou art poor .	0
think so ,  iago ?	0
o error ,  soon conceived ,  thou never comest unto a happy birth ,  but kill'st the mother that engender'd thee !	0
i pray thee, let us go and find him out, and quicken his embraced heaviness, with some delight or other.	0
he has a father, and yet he's fatherless.	0
first ,  you have to speak to the watchmen who accused them .	0
that is the chain ,  sir ,  which you had of me .	0
i do well believe your highness, and did it to minister occasion to these gentlemen, who are of such sensible and nimble lungs that they always use to laugh at nothing.	0
look to the lady .	0
put out the light ,  and then put out the light .	0
what you were afraid of has happened .	0
now ,  mother ,  what's the matter ?	0
i greet thy love not with vain thanks but with acceptance bounteous ,  and will upon the instant put thee to ’t .	0
she’s dead.	0
you did .	0
he scrape a trencher !	0
my fairy lord, this must be done with haste, for night's swift dragons cut the clouds full fast; and yonder shines aurora's harbinger, at whose approach, ghosts, wandering here and there, troop home to churchyards.	0
and how doth she?	0
he says ,  my lord ,  your daughter is not well .	0
i’m begging you .	0
a play there is, my lord, some ten words long, which is as brief as i have known a play; but by ten words, my lord, it is too long, which makes it tedious; for in all the play there is not one word apt, one player fitted.	0
alas ,  how shall this bloody deed be answered ?	0
what!	0
where's potpan, that he doesn’t help with cleaning up?	0
did you call ?	0
he’s staying in the forest with your father now .	0
pray god does some surgery on you: you need to be fixed .	0
come ,  kate ,  we’ll to bed .	0
hold !	0
no ,  cassio is not killed .	0
right .	0
the note is a big fat liar if it says i said so .	0
i am young, only something you may deserve of him through me, and wisdom to offer up a weak, poor, innocent lamb to appease an angry god.	0
wisely, and slow.	0
i have put on those sheets you asked me to .	0
a jealous spy, a jealous spy!	0
a sleeve ?	0
it’s a wonder you didn’t lose your life and your mind all at once . —he’s waking up .	0
the egyptian flagship ,  the  gods and goddesses—the whole congregation of them !	0
how weary ,  stale ,  flat ,  and unprofitable all the habits of this world seem to me !	0
i am satisfied ,  as long as the maiden cities you talk of come with her .	0
and now ,  i pray you ,  sir— for still ’tis beating in my mind—your reason for raising this sea storm ?	0
i wish i knew a reason this wedding should be slowed down.	0
you juggler!	0
why, anything; an honorable murderer, if you will; because nothing i did was in hate, but done all in honor.	0
that’s you ,  right ?	0
i thank you .	0
i think he told me paris should have married juliet .	0
he’s my prisoner and you can’t have him .	0
bring them before us .	0
come on ,  you’re fooling yourself .	0
and this weak and idle theme ,  no more yielding but a dream ,  gentles ,  do not reprehend .	0
my mask is like the roof of the poor	0
never, my lord.	0
ay ,  that way goes the game .	0
i will make myself known to desdemona .	0
i think that one of them is hereabout, and cannot make away.	0
how is it, general?	0
why, bride!	0
was he wounded on the front of his body ?	0
very good orators ,  when they are out ,  they will spit; and for lovers lacking—god warn us—matter ,  the cleanliest shift is to kiss .	0
gentleman ,  god save thee .	0
let me stand here till thou remember it .	0
arise ,  and say how thou camest here .	0
rightly to be great is not to stir without great argument, but greatly to find quarrel in a straw when honour's at the stake.	0
your tributary drops belong to woe, which you, mistaking, offer up to joy.	0
things have certainly changed !	0
her eye must be fed; and what delight shall she have to look on the devil?	0
he’s in  they say he cried out against sherry .	0
you know he was the one, in the times past, who held you back from promotion, and you thought it was our innocent self.	0
nothing at all.	0
where are his eyes ?	0
where is my mother?	0
she was too good for me .	0
i know her by her walk .	0
the more’s the pity that some honest neighbors will not make them friends.	0
think on your sins.	0
did these bones cost no more the making of them but to play at games with them ?	0
o woeful day!	0
though birnam wood be come to dunsinane, and thou opposed, being of no woman born, yet i will try the last.	0
let me see .	0
thou didst prevent me; i had peopled else this isle with calibans .	0
in any case ,  antonio assured the duke they weren’t with bassanio on his ship .	0
oh night with hue so black !	0
oh ,  how silly we are !	0
she looks like she’s washing her hands .	0
romeo ! — alack ,  alack ,  what blood is this ,  which stains the stony entrance of the sepulcher ?	0
follow me .	0
if the news is good ,  you’re ruining the sweet news by playing a trick with a sour face like that .	0
alas, my lord, your wisdom is consumed in confidence.	0
do you make fun of me?	0
i drink to the general joy of the whole table, and to our dear friend banquo, whom we miss.	0
i’ the name of truth ,  are ye fantastical or that indeed which outwardly ye show ?	0
monday ,  my lord .	0
are you talking about young master launcelot ?	0
no ,  faith ,  i’ll not stay a jot longer .	0
and yet to me what is this quintessence of dust?	0
let me live here ever .	0
since that respects and fortunes are his love ,  i shall not be his wife .	0
really ?	0
good gentlemen ,  he has much talked of you ,  and i am sure that there are not living two men with whom he feels close .	0
sola!	0
nurse ! — what should she do here ?	0
fear it ,  ophelia ,  fear it ,  my dear sister ,  and keep you in the rear of your affection ,  out of the shot and danger of desire .	0
shame on you!, shame on you!!	0
and so ,  good capulet—which name i tender as dearly as my own—be satisfied .	0
he’s been seen there many mornings ,  crying tears that add drops to the morning dew and making a cloudy day cloudier with his sighs .	0
if only to go warm were gorgeous ,  why ,  nature needs not what thou gorgeous wear’st ,  which scarcely keeps thee warm .	0
damn your mistress !	0
so fare you well till we shall meet again .	0
good .	0
some say the lark makes sweet division; this doth not so, for she divideth us.	0
the reason is that it’s what i want .	0
if it’s good, why do i give in to that suggestion whose horrid image makes my hair stand on end, and makes my heart pound so hard they knock at my ribs, against my will to stay calm?	0
the clock struck three .	0
there’s magic in the web of it .	0
signior ,  is all your family within ?	0
if i stay longer ,  i’ll embarrass you and disgrace myself by crying .	0
i will not come .	0
the duke and senators of venice greet you .	0
zounds ,  he dies !	0
i'll say that that gray streak is not the morning sun ,  it’s only the pale reflection of cynthia's brow; and that’s not the lark whose notes hit the high ceiling of heaven so high above our heads .	0
go ,  hercules !	0
and he that hath commanded is our king .	0
i can’t do everything i want to ,  but i’ll help you as well as i can .	0
we will ,  fair queen ,  up to the mountain’s top ,  and mark the musical confusion of hounds and echo in conjunction .	0
isn’t this true ?	0
there is no love in you .	0
let’s speak to him .	0
i didn’t say free ,  madam .	0
orsino ,  this is that antonio that took the  and this is he that did the  when your young nephew titus lost his leg .	0
the king’s a bawcock ,  and a heart of gold ,  a lad of life ,  an imp of fame ,  of parents good ,  of fist most valiant .	0
bernardo hath my place .	0
what is she?	0
that dirty rat !	0
if to preserve this body for my lord from any other evil unlawful touch is not to be a prostitute, i am none.	0
what promise ,  chuck ?	0
then i would you were so honest a man.	0
fare you well .	0
turn thee back ,  and tell thy king i do not seek him now but could be willing to march on to calais without impeachment ,  for ,  to say the sooth ,  though ’tis no wisdom to confess so much unto an enemy of craft and vantage ,  my people are with sickness much enfeebled ,  my numbers lessened ,  and those few i have almost no better than so many french ,  who when they were in health ,  i tell thee ,  herald ,  i thought upon one pair of english legs did march three frenchmen .	0
it was the very day that young hamlet was born—he that is mad ,  and sent into england .	0
i’ll run ,  devil .	0
indeed ?	0
yes ,  so ,  god be with you !	0
speak what we feel ,  not what we ought to say .	0
why ,  mistress ,  my master is as angry as a bull with horns .	0
so i’ll be forced to call you a jerk ,  sir andrew .	0
i’ll go arm myself .	0
though to have her and death were both one thing .	0
you seem to understand me, by each at once her choppy finger laying upon her skinny lips.	0
well ,  sir ,  i will .	0
calls your worship ?	0
come, some music!	0
out, you baggage!	0
but, in the beaten way of friendship, what are you doing at elsinore?	0
farewell .	0
you are welcome.	0
what horrible fancy’s this ?	0
my cause is hearted; thine hath no less reason.	0
not life, but love in death!	0
but, really, sir, we have taken a holiday to see caesar and to rejoice in his triumph.	0
have you ever heard of anything like that ,  roderigo ?	0
oh ,  for god’s sake .	0
under your pardon.	0
i see an angel that sees them .	0
go fetch fire .	0
thou pray'st not well .	0
it looks like these witches are scared of swords .	0
absolutely everything .	0
good night ,  lieutenant ,  i must to the watch .	0
if it will please caesar to be so good to caesar as to hear what i have to say, i shall beg him to take care of himself.	0
this was the most unkindest cut of all, because, when the noble caesar saw brutus stab him, ingratitude, stronger than traitors' arms, quite defeated him.	0
hang not on my garments.	0
friend, look to't.	0
but since he is better we have therefore odds .	0
not that, i hope, which you receiv'd of me.	0
the basest horn of his hoof is more musical than the pipe of hermes .	0
follow me, then, to plainer ground.	0
i know you of old .	0
what means that bloody knife ?	0
now i'll tell you without asking.	0
ready to go ,  but never to return .	0
your honor ,  in that sense ,  may call him a man .	0
but despite all this ,  your daughters will give you a lot of money—or do i mean pain ? —in the coming year .	0
don’t tell me about mercy; this is the fool that lent out money for free: jailer ,  look to him .	0
good laertes, if you desire to know the circumstances of your dear father's death, is it written in your revenge that, in the gambling, you will draw both friend and foe, winner and loser?	0
we fatten up all other creatures to fatten us up, when we fatten ourselves for maggots.	0
delighted to hear you ask so nicely ,  but i won’t stay in any case .	0
o hamlet ,  you cut my heart in two .	0
i have sent to bid cassio to come and speak with you .	0
confess ”  and  “ love ”  have been the very sum of my confession: oh ,  happy torment ,  when my torturer teaches me answers for escape from evil !	0
why do you speak so softly?	0
i think he be transformed into a beast ,  for i can nowhere find him like a man .	0
forgive us ,  my lord .	0
oh dear!	0
o ,  she was foul !	0
whoa, ha, hey!	0
now here's another unhappy document, found in his pocket too; and this, it seems, that roderigo meant to have sent this damned villain; but that, very likely, iago in the meantime came in and satisfied him.	0
a veteran commander and a very kind gentleman .	0
i'll see it done .	0
no ,  i’m telling you ,  put on this robe and beard .	0
we go around the globe ,  swifter than the wandering moon .	0
if you stick us, don’t we bleed?	0
a ship you sent me to find ,  to book passage out of here .	0
demetrius thinks not so .	0
something of the moment, then.	0
i'll send my prayers with him .	0
god's bread!	0
you mean their  cut off their heads ,  take their maidenheads—whatever .	0
accursed be that tongue that tells me so ,  for it hath cow'd my better part of man !	0
that’s right ,  except for the widow dido .	0
thither will i invite the duke and all’s contented followers .	0
news ,  my good lord ,  from rome .	0
have all his ventures failed ?	0
nay ,  then indeed she cannot choose but hate thee ,  having bought love with such a bloody spoil .	0
your light dulls when he is near .	0
how ,  sir ,  how ?	0
gamble for lead!	0
the prostitute's cheek, covered with makeup, isn’t more ugly to the thing that helps it than is my deed to my very artificial words.	0
where are they?	0
you insult your face more than the tears did with that comment .	0
how long is it now to lammastide?	0
i shifted him away ,  and laid good ‘scuse upon your ecstasy; bade him anon return and here speak with me; the which he promised .	0
hamlet .  ”  this in obedience hath my daughter shown me ,  and more above ,  hath his solicitings ,  as they fell out by time ,  by means ,  and place ,  all given to mine ear .	0
but how is it that this lives in thy mind?	0
you be my witness that, against my will, as pompey was, i am compelled to set all our liberties on one battle.	0
but thinking like this won’t help me choose a husband .	0
what was that thing i saw moving away from you up on the cliff before you fell ?	0
is he sane ?	0
let me speak as you would; and lay a sentence which, as a grace or step, may help these lovers into your favor.	0
farewell.	0
came you from padua ,  from bellario ?	0
he’s full of wise sayings and up - to - the - minute anecdotes: that’s the way he plays his part .	0
to supper ?	0
poor lady, she'll run mad when she misses it.	0
it throbs as if it’s going to fall into twenty pieces .	0
let me go.	0
so much i can’t express it .	0
make your best use of this .	0
where is our usual manager of mirth ?	0
not a drop before .	0
an you part so ,  mistress ,  i would i might never draw sword again .	0
all is not well .	0
you shall try but one fall .	0
the candle burns in your bedroom ,  sir .	0
do you see ?	0
not now ,  sweet desdemona .	0
my good my lord ,  may i a word with you .	0
where are they ?	0
sir ,  you speak nobly .	0
god save the worthy general!	0
good man, even now, remember whom you have aboard.	0
but there is never a fair woman has a true face .	0
is it more sin to wish me thus forsworn, or to dispraise my lord with that same tongue which she hath prais'd him with above compare so many thousand times?	0
don’t your discreet heart think it .	0
halt .	0
i’ll not trust your word .	0
many men would take you literally and take off with all this money .	0
so please you ,  something touching the lord hamlet .	0
i warrant thee.	0
you would be satisfied ?	0
he has almost finished supper .	0
heaven forgive you for it !	0
i tell thee ,  man ,  ’tis better with me now than when thou met’st me last where now we meet .	0
this means we’re having some mischievous fun .	0
get to bed.	0
o lady ,  speak again !	0
it fits when such a villain is a guest.	0
thieves !	0
you mistake ,  sir ,  you mistake ,  sir .	0
but as it is, we can’t dismiss him: he makes our fire, fetches in our wood; and serves in jobs that are to our advantage.—what hey!	0
but let me see ,  by ten we shall each have captured a hundred englishmen .	0
nurse!	0
i told him that your father was in venice ,  and that you expected him to arrive in padua today .	0
ah me !	0
we'll burn his body in the holy place, and we’ll set the traitors' houses on fire with the torches.	0
are you done yet ?	0
i do not know ,  my lord ,  what i should think .	0
keep your word ,  silvius ,  that you’ll marry her if she refuse me .	0
why, worthy baron, you weaken your noble strength to think about things in such a crazy way.	0
a friend .	0
speak not ,  reply not ,  do not answer me !	0
sir ,  i have no future ahead of me .	0
call claudius and some other of my men ,  i'll have them sleep on cushions in my tent .	0
down with the montagues !	0
wrench his sword from him .	0
i am scarce in breath ,  my lord .	0
cassius ,  go to the next street and divide the crowd .	0
there was no signior montanto in our army .	0
follow me then.	0
the emperor is calling for canidius .	0
madam ,  they are not yet; but there is come a messenger before ,  to signify their coming .	0
and you just stand by too, and suffer every knave to use me at his pleasure!	0
all but metellus cimber, and he's gone to your house to find you.	0
and what's in prayer but this twofold force ,  to be forestalled ere we come to fall ,  or pardon'd being down ?	0
call in the messengers and we’ll find out .	0
give me your hand ,  and take my magic cloak from me . —so: lie there my magic . —wipe your eyes; have comfort .	0
what’s the matter there?	0
so what if i killed her husband and her father ?	0
cursed, unhappy, wretched, hateful day!	0
what’s else to say ? —                                                          these quicksands ,  lepidus ,  keep off them ,  for you sink .	0
what’s this ?	0
his letter will tell you how he’s doing .	0
i’ve wanted to see you for a long time now ,  but i sent for you so hastily because i need your help right away .	0
and even for that, i love you all the more.	0
signor antonio ,  you’ve often insulted my money and my business practices in the rialto .	0
answer me this ,  please: where’s the money i gave you ?	0
think about it.	0
do it, england, because, he rages like the pace of my blood, and you must cure me.	0
i didn’t think he had been acquainted with her .	0
now, god help you, poor monkey!	0
softly ,  by and by .	0
well ,  march we on ,  to give obedience where ’tis truly owed .	0
i have perceived a most faint neglect of late ,  which i have rather blamed as mine own jealous curiosity than as a very pretense and purpose of unkindness .	0
why ,  then othello and desdemona return again to venice .	0
it was his bidding .	0
in her consists my happiness and thine .	0
o time’s extremity ,  hast thou so crack’d and splitted my poor tongue in seven short years that here my only son knows not my feeble key of untuned cares ?	0
now, what's the latest?	0
come ,  sit down ,  every mother’s son ,  and rehearse your parts . —pyramus ,  you begin .	0
let her be strict with him, and i’ll be hide, if it pleases you, so i can hear of all their conference.	0
i fear thou wilt once more come again for a ransom .	0
you’d be the funniest person in illyria… if sir toby ever stopped drinking .	0
o lady luck!	0
antonio ,  i am married to a wife who is as dear to me as life itself; but life itself ,  my wife ,  and all the world ,  are not worth more to me than your life; i would lose everything ,  yes ,  sacrifice them all here to this devil ,  to save you .	0
no !	0
does any man hate the thing he wouldn’t kill?	0
let me see.	0
philomel ,  with melody ,  sing in our sweet lullaby .	0
for himself to ruin ,  ”  he says .	0
what is ’t you say ?	0
lord ,  what though ?	0
but in the beaten way of friend- ship, what make you at elsinore?	0
so shines a good deed in a naughty world .	0
it’s not friendly ,  and it’s not ladylike .	0
tarry a little .	0
why, then 'tis none to you; for there is nothing either good or bad but thinking makes it so.	0
i'll go and chat with paris .	0
will either of you give him the message that i’m challenging him to a duel ?	0
o caesar ,  read mine first ,  because mine's a suit that touches caesar nearer .	0
how do you now, lieutenant?	0
why ,  well .	0
there’s no time for a man to recover his hair that grows bald by nature .	0
a hornèd man’s a monster and a beast .	0
and for that offence we immediately exile him from here.	0
in good time !	0
and what says my conceal'd lady to our cancell'd love ?	0
by the way ,  i don’t want anyone thinking i’m drunk .	0
macbeth !	0
misshapen chaos of well-seeming forms!	0
and i trow this is his house .	0
well ,  she shall be there .	0
the gold i gave dromio is safe and sound at the centaur ,  and the inn host says that dromio has left and is looking for me .	0
they have made worms’ meat of me .	0
if you did wear a beard upon your chin ,  i’d shake it on this quarrel .	0
sirrah ,  come hither: ’tis no time to jest ,  and therefore frame your manners to the time .	0
look on the tragic load on this bed; this is your work.	0
ay ,  and for that thou diest .	0
what's the newest grief?	0
name them .	0
be friendly, but by no means vulgar.	0
thou hast slept well; awake.	0
when i presented ceres ,  i thought to have told thee of it ,  but i feared lest i might anger thee .	0
from this moment the very first wishes of my heart shall be the firs actions of my hand .	0
i’ll give you frets !  ”  with that ,  she clobbers me with the lute so that my head goes right through ,	0
it is the very mistake of the moon; she comes more nearer earth than she usually does and makes men mad .	0
you rogue!	0
fair ladies ,  you drop manna in the way of starvèd people .	0
now, antony, our hopes are answered.	0
why, no; but sadly tell me who.	0
i have none .	0
we will go quickly.	0
not where he eats, but where he is eaten.	0
why ,  then let’s home again .	0
his son is elder ,  sir .	0
to thine own peace.	0
i do not now fool myself ,  to let imagination jade me ,  for every reason excites to this ,  that my lady loves me .	0
my mistress, dearest; and i thus humble ever.	0
tis a fearful odds .	0
due for a chain your husband had of him .	0
o ,  woe is me ,  to have seen the man i have seen ,  see the man i see !	0
i’ll try talking to him again .	0
if thou dost love me show me thy thought .	0
and therefore ,  good grumio ,  the news .	0
and pay attention to what caesar does and which men are close to him .	0
i do not know what  “ poetical ”  is .	0
my honored lord!	0
once she exclaimed ,   “ sisters ,  sisters ,  shame on you !	0
you more invest it!	0
we have willing dames enough .	0
he is not yet arrived; nor know i aught but that he's well and will be shortly here.	0
if you don’t ,  if i’m left alone ,  i swear i’ll have that legal expert as my bedfellow .	0
oh ,  conspiracy ,  are you ashamed to show your face even at night ,  when evil things are most free ?	0
look for the news .	0
wherefore did they not that hour destroy us ?	0
so often it might happen in particular men that ,  for some vicious disfigurement of nature in them ,  like a birthmark— something they are not guilty of because a man cannot choose how he is born— by the overdevelopment of some temperament ,  that often defies the intelligent use of reason ,  or by some habit ,  that too much exceeds the limits of acceptable behavior ,  that these men ,  carrying ,  i say ,  the stamp of one defect ,  being the result of nature ,  or a star of fortune ,  whatever other virtues they have ,  even if they are as pure as grace ,  as infinite as men may have ,  shall in the general opinion be labeled corrupt from that one particular fault .	0
when was there ever before so great a loss on one side and so little on the other ,  in the ordinary and equal clash of battle ?	0
excellent, really, of the chameleon's dish.	0
unless philosophy can make a juliet ,  uproot a town ,  reverse a prince's sentence ,  it doesn’t help ,  it doesn’t succeed .	0
pay attention .	0
where joy celebrates, grief mourns greatly, grief joys, joy griefs, on a very slender event.	0
thanks, guildenstern and gentle rosencrantz.	0
thanks for that .	0
calls my lord ?	0
what is his strength by land ?	0
that  “ many ”  may mean the foolish multitudes ,  that choose by outward appearance ,  not learning any more than their loving eyes teach ,  which doesn’t go to the inside but ,  like the marten ,  builds on the outside wall in any weather ,  even in the force of wind and on the road to ruin .	0
no, caesar, we will answer on their charge.	0
i’m trinculo—don’t be scared—your good friend trinculo .	0
but are they all safe ,  ariel ?	0
yes ,  sir .	0
o ,  who hath done this deed ?	0
tell us the manner of it ,  gentle casca .	0
i obey all your thoughts .	0
did romeo's hand shed tybalt's blood?	0
he hath, my lord, wrung from me my slow leave by laboursome petition, and at last upon his will i seal'd my hard consent.	0
i will do it, my lord.	0
why is this 'impawned , ' as you call it ?	0
but she must be ,  friar .	0
it’s easier to buy young people than to beg or borrow them .	0
yes .	0
we'll mutiny.	0
it is myself i mean, in whom i know all the particulars of vice so grafted that, when they shall be open'd, black macbeth will seem as pure as snow, and the poor state esteem him as a lamb, being compared with my confineless harms.	0
for pyramus is a sweet - faced man ,  a proper man as one shall see in a summer’s day ,  a most lovely ,  gentlemanlike man .	0
ay, my lord, an't please you.	0
do you know whom you’re talking to ?	0
i kissed you before i killed you.	0
nay ,  then ,  thou mock'st me .	0
and wakes it now ,  to look so green and pale at what it did so freely ?	0
o wife ,  look how our daughter bleeds !	0
o bear me witness ,  night— what man is this ?	0
let us not burden our remembrances with a heaviness that’s gone .	0
ay ,  to me .	0
her waspish - headed son has broke his arrows ,  swears he will shoot no more ,  but play with sparrows and be a boy right out .	0
i am .	0
sir ,  i must get that diamond ring back from you .	0
mine ear must pluck it thence .	0
but if the gods themselves saw her then, when she saw pyrrhus make malicious sport by chopping her husband’s limbs with his sword, the instant burst of noise that she made, unless mortal events can’t move them at all, would have made the burning eyes of heaven milk, and rouse passion in the gods.	0
by jesus ,  he will defend his position on the practices of the ancient roman wars as well as any military man in the world .	0
o limed soul ,  that ,  struggling to be free ,  art more engaged !	0
mother ,  goodnight .	0
peace then!	0
it was yours ,  i swear .	0
what, my lord?	0
ascend her chamber ,  hence ,  and comfort her .	0
gratiano ,  keep the house ,  and seize on the fortunes of the moor ,  because they fall on you .	0
patience awhile ,  good cassio .	0
oh luck ,  luck .	0
we will persuade him ,  be it possible ,  to put on better ere he go to church .	0
come ,  civil night ,  thou sober - suited matron ,  all in black ,  and learn me how to lose a winning match ,  play'd for a pair of stainless maidenhoods .	0
i thank you for this profit, and from hence i'll love no friend sith love breeds such offense.	0
how can i avoid committing a sin ,  unless the husband that heaven sent me dies ?	0
let your highness command upon me, to the which my duties are with a most indissoluble tie forever knit.	0
oh ,  what a rogue and peasant slave am i !	0
i doubt it is no other but the main, his father's death and our o'erhasty marriage.	0
can you ask around and find out ?	0
in my school days ,  when i had lost one shaft ,  i shot his fellow of the selfsame flight the selfsame way with more advisèd watch to find the other forth—and by adventuring both ,  i oft found both .	0
i think so too .	0
oh ,  then i see you’ve been with  who’s queen mab ?	0
what light through yonder window breaks ?	0
i see these lords so much admire at this meeting that they eat their own common sense, and scarcely think their eyes tell them the truth.	0
if i can catch him once at a disadvantage ,  i’ll feed the ancient grudge i bear him until it’s fat .	0
but now ,  i tell you—keep it to yourself ,  though—those enemies of mine are being put to death today ,  and i’m better than i’ve ever been .	0
are they  “ informed ”  of this ?	0
he says his name is master fer .	0
o, where is romeo?	0
away ,  and mock the time with fairest show .	0
known unto these ,  and to myself disguised !	0
let him command me ,  and i’ll do whatever he asks ,  no matter how violent .	0
my good lord ,  tell it .	0
do as i tell you .	0
sweet bassanio ,  my ships have all miscarried .	0
he’ll make a proper man .	0
i know not what may fall; i like it not .	0
i don’t understand.	0
pooh !	0
and so ,  god be with him !	0
with anger ,  with sickness ,  or with hunger ,  my lord ,  not with love .	0
i heard him say ,  brutus and cassius are rid like madmen through the gates of rome .	0
since his majesty went into the field, i have seen her rise from her bed, throw her nightgown upon her, unlock her closet, take out paper, fold it, write upon it, read it, afterwards seal it, and again return to bed.	0
the brightness of her cheek would shame those stars, as daylight shames a lamp; her eyes in heaven would stream so brightly through the skies that birds would sing and think it was morning.	0
no ,  bigger !	0
never ,  till caesar’s three and thirty wounds be well avenged ,  or till another caesar have added slaughter to the sword of traitors .	0
well ,  heaven’s above all ,  and there be souls must be saved ,  and there be souls must not be saved .	0
i will do more ,  though nothing i can do is any good since this remorse comes after the crime ,  asking for pardon .	0
o blessed ,  blessed night !	0
do you want to hear it again ?	0
he’s coming ,  madam .	0
by my life i do ,  which i tender dearly ,  though i say i am a magician .	0
what had he done to you ?	0
i can say little more than i have studied ,  and that question’s out of my part .	0
patience, i say; your mind may perhaps change.	0
make me to see ’t ,  or at the least so prove it that the probation bear no hinge nor loop to hang a doubt on ,  or woe upon thy life !	0
stop it, marcellus!	0
no more dams i'll make for fish nor fetch in firing at requiring, nor scrape trenchering, nor wash dish ’ban, ’ban, cacaliban has a new master—get a new man!	0
why ,  go to bed ,  and sleep .	0
be not her maid, since she is envious.	0
the man should be put into the lanthorn .	0
why don’t you laugh?	0
thank you ,  doctor .	0
our sex ,  as well as i ,  may chide you for it ,  though i alone do feel the injury .	0
is that my prize?	0
even now ,  now ,  very now ,  an old black ram is tupping your white ewe .	0
oh ,  madam ,  my old heart is broken ,  broken .	0
hath romeo slain himself ?	0
it is the east ,  and juliet is the sun .	0
the wall ,  methinks ,  being sensible ,  should curse again .	0
i say a husband .	0
true, he hath my love; and what is mine my love shall render him; and she is mine; and all my right of her i do estate unto demetrius.	0
we have beat him to his camp .	0
by what?	0
o bloody period !	0
let fall thy blade on vulnerable crests; i bear a charmèd life ,  which must not yield to one of woman born .	0
let’s put our heads together .	0
then murder's out of tune ,  and sweet revenge grows harsh .	0
now ,  then ,  we’ll use his countenance for the battle ,  which being done ,  let her who would be rid of him devise his speedy taking off .	0
made you no more offense but what you speak of ?	0
i really do believe your highness; and did it to provide opportunity to these gentlemen, who have similar common sense and nimble lungs that they always use to laugh at nothing.	0
hast thou slain tybalt?	0
noting this poverty, i said to myself, ”if a man did need a poison now, ”the sale of which is punished by death in mantua, ”here lives a poor wretch would sell it to him.” o, this same thought only predicted my need, and this same needy man must sell it to me.	0
let me work; for i can give his humor the true bent ,  and i will bring him to the capitol .	0
the cry is still  “ they come !  ”  our castle’s strength will laugh a siege to scorn .	0
he hath confess'd .	0
we are men ,  my liege .	0
here comes the fool ,  i' faith .	0
o gods, you gods!	0
as strange as the thing i know not .	0
we are men, my liege.	0
oh ,  ’tish ill done ,  ’tish ill done ,  by my hand ,  ’tish ill done .	0
in his livery walked crowns and crownets .	0
we shall be short in our provision .	0
nay ,  but ,  ophelia— pray you ,  mark .	0
i take it ,  your own business calls on you ,  and you embrace the occasion to depart .	0
with all my heart ,  and it doth much content me to hear him so inclined .	0
signior ,  is all your family within ?	0
good morning to you.—here the street is narrow.	0
good, yet remember whom thou has aboard.	0
why ,  what should i be afraid of ?	0
i would thou hadst my bones and i thy news .	0
look what i speak ,  or do ,  or think to do ,  you are still crossing it .	0
thy crown does sear mine eyeballs .	0
you heard her say herself ,  it was not i .	0
i must leave them and seek some better employment .	0
if a christian doesn’t play the rogue and get you, i am much deceived.	0
what is a traitor ?	0
remember you !	0
passion !	0
give them the swords, young osric.	0
i say i love you more than he does.	0
come here .	0
we two ,  my lord ,  will guard your person while you sleep ,  and watch for your safety .	0
why ,  i will fight with him upon this theme until my eyelids will no longer blink .	0
trebonius when to act, because, look, brutus, he’s taking mark antony out of the way.	0
would he deny his letter ,  said he ?	0
and now who knows but you ,  lorenzo ,  whether i am yours ?	0
what wouldst thou have, laertes?	0
and set it down with gold on lasting pillars: in one voyage did claribel her husband find at tunis, and ferdinand, her brother, found a wife where he himself was lost; prospero his dukedom in a poor isle; and all of ourselves, when no man was his own [to ferdinand and miranda] give me your hands.	0
you seem to understand me ,  by each at once her choppy finger laying upon her skinny lips .	0
god 'a'mercy on his soul!	0
i’d rather overload my liver with wine than starve my heart by denying myself fun .	0
madam !	0
i wouldn’t even hear your enemy say so ,  and you shall not violently throw those words to my ear ,  to make my ear the keeper of your own report against yourself .	0
who is this they follow ?	0
no, iago, i'll see before i doubt; when i doubt, prove; and on the proof, there is no more but this, away at once with love or jealousy!	0
peasblossom.	0
is it out of lust ?	0
who would do so?	0
go you before ,  and i will follow you .	0
but ,  like a sickness ,  i hated the taste this food; but ,  now healthy ,  my natural tastes restored ,  now i wish it ,  love it ,  long for it ,  and will for evermore be true to it .	0
stones have been known to move and trees to speak; augures and understood relations have by maggot pies and choughs and rooks brought forth the secret'st man of blood.	0
a roman.	0
and that’s true too .	0
if he is ,  that’s his problem .	0
and hath given countenance to his speech, my lord, with almost all the holy vows of heaven.	0
then if they’re negligent ,  we could control them .	0
i am none of these ,  my lord .	0
with who ?	0
hark !	0
oh ,  that i were a man !	0
but if you have to swear ,  swear by your wonderful self ,  which is the god i worship like an idol ,  and then i’ll believe you .	0
because you have been as one ,  that in suffering all ,  that suffers nothing ,  a man that fortune's feasts and rewards have taken with equal thanks ,  and blessed are those whose blood and judgment are so well blended that they are not an instrument for fortune's finger to play whatever song she pleases .	0
you will soon hear more.	0
i'll not argue with her ,  should her body and beauty change my mind again .	0
what handkerchief ?	0
come on in ,  tailor .	0
but pardon me.	0
what satisfaction could you possibly have tonight ?	0
what's the matter ?	0
give him this money and these letters ,  reynaldo .	0
i won’t .	0
i have a daughter—have while she is mine— who in her duty and obedience ,  mark ,  hath given me this .	0
goneril ,  you aren’t worth the dust the wind blows in your face .	0
give me your blessing .	0
we’ll leave you ,  brutus .	0
what’s to do ?	0
you find yourself a bed ,  and i will rest my head upon this bank .	0
the little strength that i have ,  i would it were with you .	0
you know not what you do .	0
i never heard so musical a discord, such sweet thunder.	0
my dear othello !	0
the lady protests too much ,  i think .	0
here comes the herald of the french ,  my liege .	0
they shout for joy .	0
what is the matter?	0
but tell us ,  do you hear whether antonio have had any loss at sea or no ?	0
you tallow - face !	0
like one of two contending in a prize ,  that thinks he hath done well in people's eyes ,  hearing applause and universal shout ,  giddy in spirit ,  still gazing in a doubt whether those peals of praise be his or no; so ,  thrice fair lady ,  stand i ,  even so; as doubtful whether what i see be true ,  until confirm'd ,  sign'd ,  ratified by you .	0
now he’ll sit under a medlar tree ,  and wish his mistress were that kind of fruit as maids call medlars when they laugh alone .	0
you need to .	0
dost thou hear?	0
tis meet i should be used so ,  very meet .	0
i am considered as fair as she is throughout athens .	0
i’ve spelled it out for you clearly .	0
thieves!	0
tybalt is dead ,  and romeo has been banished .  ”	0
but now i must condemn it .	0
madam ?	0
at the duke’s oak we meet .	0
faith ,  there has been much to do on both sides ,  and the nation holds it no sin to tar them to controversy .	0
is his head worth a hat or his chin worth a beard ?	0
i will do this ,  if you can bring it to any opportunity .	0
you stopped me; i would have populated this island with calibans.	0
what do you think about this change ?	0
most constantly .	0
i don’t think so .	0
is it within reason and compass ?	0
so ho !	0
hence his ambition growing— dost thou hear ?	0
there’s not ,  i think ,  a subject that sits in heart - grief and uneasiness under the sweet shade of your government .	0
find the girl !	0
hark!	0
i can’t believe that .	0
you were never with me for anything if you weren’t there for the goose .	0
the queen is here on special business ,  and her army has moved on .	0
i am not gamesome; i do lack some part of that quick spirit that is in antony .	0
he could never bear carnation .	0
ay ,  past all surgery .	0
the nature of bad news infects the teller .	0
i must go in .	0
let us rather hold fast the mortal sword and ,  like good men ,  bestride our downfall'n birthdom .	0
she's framed as fruitful as the free elements.	0
who was't came by ?	0
what say you ?	0
let's have no more of this; let's to our affairs .	0
give me my armor .	0
she’s cold .	0
why ,  she is within .	0
if this young gentleman has offended you ,  i’ll take the blame for it .	0
the best news is that we have safely found our king and company; the next, our ship, which but three glasses since we gave out split, is tight and yare and bravely rigged as when we first put out to sea.	0
i beg you ,  turn away and cry for her .	0
if he ,  compact of jars ,  grow musical ,  we shall have shortly discord in the spheres .	0
romeo must not live .	0
nor i in yours till i again see mine .	0
damned as thou art ,  thou hast enchanted her !	0
let their beds be made as soft as yours ,  and let their palates be seasoned with such rich meats ?	0
abate the edge of traitors ,  gracious lord ,  that would reduce these bloody days again ,  and make poor england weep in streams of blood !	0
they have letters for him.	0
what's the matter ,  that you destroy your reputation like this ,  and waste your reputation for the name of a night - brawler ?	0
she has made a plan of how i shall take her from her father's house; what gold and jewels she has; what boy's suit she has ready.	0
show me ,  show me .	0
you won’t leave this grove until i’ve paid you back for this insult .	0
let’s go in; and ask us all your questions ,  and we’ll answer everything truthfully .	0
do you hear ,  you minion ?	0
i do never use it.	0
caesar ,  what did my stay in egypt have to do with you ?	0
my master is the great rich capulet; and if you are not of the house of montagues, please, come and have a cup of wine.	0
the villain is much lighter - heeled than i .  i followed fast ,  but faster he did fly ,  that fallen am i in dark uneven way ,	0
go look after him .	0
if our father were dead you’d receive half of his revenue forever ,  and you’d have my undying love ,       edgar .  ”  hmm ,  what’s this ,  a conspiracy ?	0
where am i going?	0
come ,  my sweet kate .	0
i dare say you love him not so ill to wish him here alone ,  howsoever you speak this to feel other men’s minds .	0
i love thee not ,  therefore pursue me not .	0
but how would you praise a truly good woman ,  someone who had no reason to worry about what anyone said about her ?	0
here’s to you ,  menas .	0
you drive me past the bounds of a maiden's patience.	0
murder !	0
it means peace and love and a quiet life ,  supremacy based on reverence and profound respect ,  and—not to go on and on about it—everything that’s sweet and happy .	0
good morning ,  father !	0
bloody constraint ,  for if you hide the crown even in your hearts ,  there will he rake for it .	0
your wife, my lord; your true and loyal wife.	0
my tables ! —meet it is i set it down that one may smile ,  and smile ,  and be a villain .	0
go then ,  goodbye .	0
your son is crazy .	0
then you live about her waist, or in the middle of her favors?	0
what time is it ?	0
would it not make one weep?	0
a gentleman .	0
i see thy age and dangers make thee dote .	0
dead ,  dead ?	0
you said the enemy would not come down but keep the hills and upper regions .	0
he was a man, take him for all in all; i shall not look upon his like again.	0
o brutus !	0
but to read his right wits is to read thus .	0
no remedy, my lord, when walls are so willful to hear without warning.	0
tis not needed yet .	0
is this the finest of his fine art ,  and the seizure of his house seizures ,  to have his fine pate full of fine dirt ?	0
would you buy her ,  that you enquire after her ?	0
if you say one more word ,  i’ll punish you ,  maybe even hate you .	0
certainly, my conscience will serve me to run from this jew, my master.	0
o ,  this is hire and salary ,  not revenge !	0
good evening ,  good evening .	0
if you would not ,  it were a good sign that i should quickly have a new father .	0
i would i were thy bird .	0
antipholus owes me the exact amount that i owe you .	0
we will take the next advantage thoroughly.	0
it gives me wonder great as my content to see you here before me .	0
are you there ,  wife ?	0
take him away.	0
but to the heart of the matter.	0
do you go back dismayed ?	0
yes, by heaven, my lord.	0
i don’t hear anything ,  madam .	0
is it so brave as lass?	0
the wound can’t be that bad .	0
but what praise could you bestow on a deserving woman indeed, one that, in the authority of her merit, rightly wore the witnessing of very malice itself?	0
madam ,  the guests are come ,  supper served up ,  you are called ,  my young lady asked for ,  the nurse cursed in the pantry ,  and everything is in chaos .	0
and now you decide to call a holiday?	0
benvolio, who began this bloody fray?	0
the worser welcome .	0
you should be women, only since you have beards, i can’t say that you are women.	0
i have done wrong ,  so i will suffer wrong .	0
you said it when you were furious .	0
hie, make haste, make haste!	0
well done ,  my bird .	0
so much was his pleasure should be proclaimed.	0
i’ll	0
what is the prince's sentence?	0
hail !	0
well, sir, we won’t.	0
don’t sleep so close to me .	0
i’m not moving an inch ,  pal .	0
she was your boot - wearing mistress and your warrior lover ,  and now that she’s getting married to theseus ,  you’ve come to celebrate their marriage .	0
do whatever you want ,  and i’ll say your insults are just a bad mood .	0
i’ll be with you right away .	0
so did i yours.	0
once more ,  adieu .	0
i know what i’ll do .	0
if you keep your promise, i shall end this strife, become a christian and your loving wife.	0
lack of trust in good success has done this deed.	0
wouldst thou give 'em all ?	0
stay here; the generals want to talk.	0
my charge was but to fetch you from the mart home to your house ,  the phoenix ,  sir ,  to dinner .	0
is there no offense in ’t ?	0
these are but wild and whirling words ,  my lord .	0
i dreamt tonight that i feasted with caesar ,  and unlucky things directed my imagination .	0
borrow cupid's wings and soar with them above a common bound.	0
you sunburnt sicklemen, of august weary, come hither from the furrow and be merry; make holiday, your rye-straw hats put on, and these fresh nymphs encounter every one in country footing.	0
only let the order of the universe be disrupted ,  both the real and spiritual worlds suffer ,  before we will eat our meal in fear ,  and sleep in the affliction of these terrible dreams that wake us up nightly .	0
in a minute!	0
god gives those gifts—i had nothing to do with it .	0
it’s a horrible thing to die when you’re not prepared for it ,  my gracious lord .	0
o, in this love, you love your child so ill that you run mad, seeing that she is well.	0
get out, you green, diseased dead meat!	0
so ,  of his gentleness ,  knowing i loved my books ,  he furnished me from mine own library with volumes that i prize above my dukedom .	0
my lady ,  with your permission ,  this note authorizes me to give myself to you with a kiss .	0
vexed i am of late with passions of some difference, conceptions only proper to myself, which give some soil perhaps to my behaviors; but let not therefore my good friends be grieved— among which number, cassius, be you one— nor construe any further my neglect than that poor brutus with himself at war forgets the shows of love to other men.	0
let it work; for 'tis the sport to have the enginer hoist with his own petar; and ' shall go hard but i will delve one yard below their mines and blow them at the moon .	0
then there’s still a chance .	0
i’ll go get my sister and see what she thinks .	0
who will thank us ?	0
a friend ?	0
you are unkind ,  demetrius .	0
he ,  sir .	0
my lord ,  i swear to you— oh ,  don’t swear !	0
what is she ?	0
this is the very false gallop of verses .	0
he was some such squire that turned your wit inside out ,  and made you to suspect me of sleeping with the moor .	0
lysander, keep thy hermia; i will none.	0
you tell us the manner of the wrestling .	0
who, being more than sand-blind, high-gravel blind, knows me not: i will try confusions with him.	0
i would you had never seen him !	0
i don’t know and he won’t tell me .	0
the english force ,  so please you .	0
a drum, a drum!	0
noses ,  ears ,  lips .	0
and make him break his promise with fair aegle, not to mention with ariadne and antiopa?	0
i remember well where i should be, and here i am.	0
pray you do not ,  sir .	0
o, why rebuke you him that loves you so?	0
so goodbye until we shall meet again.	0
give me your hands if we be friends ,   and robin shall restore amends .	0
what ,  have you din'd at home ?	0
i pray thee ,  let us go and find him out and quicken his embracèd heaviness with some delight or other .	0
while one with moderate haste might tell a hundred .	0
this was a way to thrive ,  and he was blest; and thrift is blessing ,  if men steal it not .	0
a lover, that kills himself most gallant for love.	0
michael ,  good night .	0
hang there on this tree ,  you lines of poetry ,  and bear witness to my love .	0
then ,  in my tent ,  you can elaborate on your complaints ,  and i’ll listen .	0
well, do you so: let not me take him then, for if i do, i'll mar the young clerk's pen.	0
if much you note him ,  you shall offend him and extend his passion .	0
brutus, i do observe you now of late; i have not from your eyes that gentleness and show of love as i was wont to have; you bear too stubborn and too strange a hand over your friend that loves you.	0
but i shall see the wingèd vengeance overtake such children .	0
not so sick, my lord, as she is troubled with thick-coming fancies, that keep her from her rest.	0
i'll put another question to thee.	0
he hath raised the wall, and houses too.	0
absolutely .	0
goodly lord ,  what a wit - snapper are you !	0
the weakest kind of fruit drops earliest to the ground ,  and so let me .	0
antony will go where his passion is .	0
aside] fair encounter [aside] fair encounter of two most rare affections!	0
this was a venture ,  sir ,  that jacob serv'd for; a thing not in his power to bring to pass ,  but sway'd and fashion'd by the hand of heaven .	0
and cassio kill'd ?	0
this is to make a donkey of me, to frighten me, if they can.	0
the lady has died because of the false accusations of me and my master .	0
i’ve heard that the pyramids build by the ptolemies are splendid .	0
whiles i threat, he lives; words to the heat of deeds too cold breath gives.	0
here’s my hand .	0
it shall be called bottom's dream, because it has no bottom; and i will sing it in the latter end of a play, before the duke.	0
o ,  these flaws and starts ,  impostors to true fear ,  would well become a woman's story at a winter's fire ,  authorized by her grandam .	0
but ,  peace !	0
i have sworn it.	0
sir ,  march is wasted fifteen days .	0
where is my father and my mother, nurse?	0
speak!	0
love goes toward love as schoolboy away from their books; but love goes from love ,  like boys towards school with heavy looks .	0
we must not .	0
surrender ,  dog !	0
the door is open ,  sir .	0
i’ll straighten it ,  then play— where’s the queen ?	0
because when rich villains need poor villains' services ,  those poor ones can name the price .	0
look what i have here .	0
he that thou knowest thine, hamlet.	0
art thou some god ,  some angel ,  or some devil that makest my blood cold and my hair to stare ?	0
ah me !	0
ay me!	0
i wish they’d fight in fire or in the air .	0
of launcelot ,  if it pleases you ,  sir .	0
in the meantime ,  hold on ,  and be patient .	0
why would she write to edmund ?	0
think ,  when we talk of horses ,  that you see them printing their proud hoofs i' th' receiving earth ,  for ’tis your thoughts that now must deck our kings ,  carry them here and there ,  jumping o'er times ,	0
what judgment shall i dread, if i have done no wrong?	0
go, get some water and wash this filthy witness from your hand.	0
no more of that, my lord, no more of that.	0
his grace hath made the match ,  and all grace say  “ amen ”  to it .	0
prove you are worthy of your birth ,  which i do not doubt for a moment .	0
nay ,  but i know who loves him .	0
yet if you there did practice on my state ,  your being in egypt might be my question .	0
be simple - answered ,  for we know the truth .	0
my doors were locked and i was shut out ,  right ?	0
i bring no overture of war ,  no taxation of homage .	0
he was more faithful to me than the sun is to the daytime .	0
o, behold, the riches of the ship is come on shore!	0
yes, my good lord.	0
are those my tents where i perceive the fire ?	0
she had put a coronet of fresh and fragrant flowers all around his hairy face, and that same dew, which sometimes was accustomed to swell like round and orient pearls on the buds, was now within the pretty flowers' eyes, like tears that were crying about their own sins.	0
i speak but brotherly of him ,  but should i anatomize him to thee as he is ,  i must blush and weep ,  and thou must look pale and wonder .	0
go ,  make money .	0
you gentle romans— peace, ho!	0
my lord ,  he doth deny to come .	0
what though he love your hermia?	0
no more!	0
what ,  is the jay more precious than the lark because his feathers are more beautiful ?	0
you should be women ,  only since you have beards ,  i can’t say that you are women .	0
now is he for the numbers that petrarch flowed in .	0
it is the part of men to fear and tremble when the most mighty gods by tokens send such dreadful heralds to astonish us.	0
let’s go there .	0
why, yet it lives there unchecked that antonio hath a ship of rich lading wrack'd on the narrow seas,—the goodwins, i think they call the place; a very dangerous flat, and fatal, where the carcasses of many a tall ship lie buried, as they say, if my gossip report, be an honest woman of her word.	0
i did love you once .	0
it is ,  my lord .	0
and then ?	0
a jealous hood ,  a jealous hood !	0
what mean'st thou by that?	0
not so ,  my lord: i am too much i' the sun .	0
how is ’t ,  brother !	0
we are often to blame in this ,  it’s been proven often ,  that with devotion's face and holy actions ,  we sugar over the devil himself .	0
orlando ?	0
why should you think that i should not court you seriously ?	0
look at your house, your daughter, and your bags!	0
stay ,  gentle helena; hear my reason; my love ,  my life ,  my soul ,  fair helena !	0
what !	0
arm ,  arm ,  and out !	0
what music is this ?	0
what is the matter there ?	0
ay, boy, ready.	0
it’s weird .	0
i charge thee ,  be not thou more grieved than i am .	0
my pulse as yours doth temperately keep time and makes as healthful music.	0
indeed ,  honor is what i want to talk to you about .	0
o gentle lady ,  do not put me to ’t ,  for i am nothing ,  if not critical .	0
shylock ,  the world thinks ,  and i think so too ,  that you only carry this kind of malice to the very last hour of action; and then ,  it’s thought ,  you'll show your mercy and remorse ,  more strangely than your strange apparent cruelty is; and where you now exact the penalty , — which is a pound of this poor merchant's flesh , — you will not only loose the default ,  but ,  touched with human gentleness and love ,  forgive half of the borrowed amount ,  glancing with an eye of pity on his losses ,  that have been so heaped on his back lately ,  enough to press a royal merchant down ,  and get sympathy for his state from brassy bosoms and rough hearts of stone ,  from stubborn turks and tartars ,  never trained to uses of tender courtesy .	0
away ,  be gone; the sport is at the best .	0
you all saw that, on the feast of the priest lupercus, i presented a kingly crown to him three times, which he refused three times.	0
i am very glad that he's so out of hope.	0
antonio shall become bound,—well.	0
i never knew a florentine more kind and honest .	0
that will happen before sunset .	0
i will but spend a word here in the house and go with you.	0
you do me wrong to take me out o' th' grave .	0
the dearest ring in venice will i give you ,  and find it out by proclamation; only for this i pray you pardon me .	0
who chooseth me must give and hazard all he hath .  ”  you shall look fairer ere i give or hazard .	0
o !	0
i came from corinth ,  my most gracious lord .	0
would i were sleep and peace ,  so sweet to rest .	0
oh!	0
if someone else kills you, he will be cursed.	0
madam ,  i go with all convenient speed .	0
yield ,  cur .	0
i am sorry that you cannot stay .	0
who calls?	0
let us be sacrificers ,  but not butchers ,  caius .	0
age won’t wither her ,  and her charms are so varied that she never grows boring .	0
the phoenix is my house ?	0
like to the time o’ th’ year between the extremes of hot and cold ,  he was nor sad nor merry .	0
she can stay at her father’s house .	0
yet he hath ever but slenderly known himself .	0
if his hidden guilt don’t show itself in that one speech, it is a false ghost that we have seen, and my imaginations are as unstable as god of fire’s anvil.	0
call her forth ,  brother .	0
a greater gift ?	0
if it be man’s work ,  i’ll do ’t .	0
when i burned in desire to question them further, they made themselves vanish into thin air.	0
here ,  sir ,  a ring she bid me give you ,  sir .	0
eros ,  can you still see me ?	0
therefore be out of hope ,  of question ,  of doubt; be certain ,  nothing truer; 'tis no jest that i do hate thee and love helena .	0
out ,  out ,  brief candle !	0
no marrying among his subjects ?	0
it bothers me ,  though ,  that these poor spotted innocents ,  who ,  after all ,  are this deserted city’s native citizens ,  should be gouged with arrows .	0
give me my veil .	0
what’s your name ?	0
thou naughty knave ,  what trade ?	0
do you hear me ,  iago ?	0
if every dollar in six thousand dollars were in six parts, and every part a dollar, i would not take them; i want my promise to pay.	0
and i another .	0
have not you love enough to bear with me, when that rash humor which my mother gave me makes me forgetful?	0
assume, as it were, that you have only heard about him, such as, “i know his father and his friends, and in part him”, are you listening to me, reynaldo?	0
what was the second noise for?	0
no, not a whit.	0
hurry ,  hurry ,  close the curtain quick .	0
give me your hand.	0
did ’t not wake you ?	0
give me one ,  ”  i said .	0
is he attacking the heartland of poland or some frontier ?	0
i would risk purgatory for it.	0
you didn’t give me any gold .	0
aside .	0
how much i had to do to calm his rage !	0
all this fighting is because of you .	0
but don’t be too tame ,  either—let your good sense guide you .	0
come on, you are as hot as any fellow in your mood as anyone else in italy; and you are soon moved to be moody, and soon moody to be moved.	0
did this seem ambitious in caesar?	0
why ,  that’s all one .	0
go softly on.	0
an important droplet is hanging from the corner of the moon .	0
sir ,  he left his belongings and treasure .	0
chorus off - stage: bow ,  wow !	0
what do you see ?	0
only i have left to say ,  more is thy due than more than all can pay .	0
see where his grace stands ,  ’tween two clergymen .	0
there’s nothing to get upset about .	0
well then ,  sustain me .	0
o desdemon !	0
yes ,  my lord .	0
you will love more than you are loved .	0
you are the lord of duty .	0
evil spirit ,  i want to talk some more .	0
and if you wrong us ,  shouldn’t we seek revenge ?	0
your friends are up and buckle on their armor .	0
what kind of god is ceremony ,  which suffers more than its worshippers do ?	0
not i; unless the breath of heartsick groans, mist-like infold me from the search of eyes.	0
here is the will ,  and under caesar's seal .	0
the ides of march are here.	0
say again: where didst thou leave these variets?	0
i am not what i am .	0
do i look like a cudgel, or a hovel-post, a staff, or a prop?	0
one that was a woman, sir, but, rest her soul, she's dead.	0
a pox o'that !	0
what ,  art thou ashamed of me ?	0
come, musicians, play.	0
doesn’t it ,  do you thank ,  become my responsibility to kill he that has killed my king ,  and whored my mother ,  push himself in between the election and my hope to be king ,  tried to kill me ,  and with such knowledge ,  isn’t it perfect duty to kill him with this arm ?	0
ay ,  too gentle .	0
you speak like a green girl ,  ignorant in such dangerous circumstances .	0
this was the most unkind cut of all .	0
i wish i could be as certain of a good dinner .	0
now we'll together, and the chance of goodness be like our warranted quarrel!	0
my good lord .	0
o, help me here!	0
have you played me?	0
i had a dream last night .	0
good morning ,  prince; good morning ,  claudio .	0
they say not to go out today .	0
but these offers ,  which serve not for his vantage ,  he shakes off ,  and so should you .	0
for this reason ,  if you’ll know: that she’s the choice love of signior gremio .	0
our royal master's murdered !	0
i’ll fetch them ,  sir .	0
god defend me from these two !	0
you are welcome ,  masters; welcome ,  all .	0
seneca cannot be too heavy nor plautus too light.	0
it is true .	0
i am but mad north - north - west .	0
my boy ,  it’s true .	0
nothing but to show you how a king may go a progress through the guts of a beggar.	0
what infinite peace do king’s give up that private men enjoy ?	0
yes ,  sir .	0
regan ,  i have good hope thou didst not know on ’t . —who comes here ?	0
to pay five dollars ,  five ,  i wouldn’t farm it ,  and it won’t yield either to norway or the poles a worse rate if it should it be sold in payment .	0
why, may one ask?	0
what ill request did brutus make to thee?	0
i can arrange it so that at some indecent hour of the night ,  she looks out hero’s bedroom window .	0
what infinite heart’s ease must kings neglect that private men enjoy ?	0
you are merry ,  my lord .	0
he thinks highly of me .	0
what are they doing in the north when they should be in the west serving their king ?	0
he hath honored me of late ,  and i have bought golden opinions from all sorts of people ,  which would be worn now in their newest gloss ,  not cast aside so soon .	0
i know how  too light for a lout like you to catch—though no lighter than i should be .	0
and ,  being men ,  the contents of caesar’s will would enrage you .	0
i went to many places where i heard news about her ,  but i couldn’t find her .	0
a very gentle beast, and of a good conscience.	0
no ,  come back ,  kate .	0
there art thou happy.	0
perhaps i will return immediately .	0
one that was a woman ,  sir; but ,  rest her soul ,  she's dead .	0
hail!	0
i beg you ,  whose joints move easier than mine to follow them swiftly and stop them from what this vision may now provoke them to do .	0
adieu .	0
i found it thrown in at the casement of my closet .	0
i have no interest in getting mixed up with the devil .	0
we are sent from our royal master ,  to give you thanks; only to bring you ,  announced ,  into his sight ,  not just pay you for your brave deeds .	0
no, it begins again.	0
and now ,  laertes ,  what's the news with you ?	0
let’s have more sex in the world ,  since gloucester’s bastard son was kinder to him than my daughters ,  conceived in lawful wedlock ,  have been to me .	0
fathers, from now on don’t believe you can know your daughters' minds from the way you see them act.	0
believe me, i can tell her age to the hour.	0
it becomes the thronèd monarch better than his crown .	0
who calls me villain ?	0
well ,  i’ll get going and so deliver these papers as you asked me .	0
i have a journey ,  sir ,  shortly to go .	0
the noise is coming from over there .	0
oh ,  that’s with worry .	0
he bears him like a portly gentleman ,  and ,  to say truth ,  verona brags of him to be a virtuous and well - governed youth .	0
do you like pictures ?	0
look here upon this picture and on this one ,  the representation of two brothers .	0
once more ,  good night ,  kind lords and gentlemen .	0
the king comes here tonight .	0
but if you do, sir, i am for you.	0
time travels at different speeds for different people .	0
he’s worth more sorrow ,  and that i’ll spend for him .	0
i know the glove is a glove .	0
you do mistake your business .	0
you wrong me every way ,  you wrong me ,  brutus .	0
why can’t imagination trace the noble dust of alexander until he finds it stopping a wine barrel ?	0
then patiently hear my impatience .	0
i think she moves again.	0
i can do no more.	0
please ,  just wait a minute .	0
i swear that nothing anyone can say will change my mind .	0
i am alone the villain of the earth ,  and feel i am so most .	0
aside .	0
had i as many sons as i have hairs ,  i would not wish them to a fairer death .	0
o ,  what more favour can i do to thee than with that hand that cut thy youth in twain to sunder his that was thine enemy ?	0
the best in this kind are but shadows; and the worst are no worse, if imagination amend them.	0
as sweet as balm ,  as soft as air ,  as gentle— o antony ! —nay ,  i will take thee too .	0
speak.	0
ah me ,  what act roars so loudly and thunders in the wind ?	0
no ,  no ,  forsooth ,  i dare not for my life .	0
if we imagine no worse of them than they of themselves, they may pass for excellent men.	0
do you want to know the effect of what i wrote?	0
oh love !	0
to divert your attention, why do you go about trying to figure me out, as if you’re to pick a fight?	0
i am not in a sportive humor now .	0
far off methinks i hear the beaten drum .	0
o ,  he was gentle ,  mild ,  and virtuous .	0
here lay duncan ,  his silver skin laced with his golden blood ,  and his gashed stabs looked like a breach in nature for ruin’s wasteful entrance; there ,  the murderers ,  steeped in the colors of their trade ,  their daggers unmannerly breeched with gore .	0
farewell .	0
realms and islands were as plates dropped from his pocket .	0
is thy master stirring?	0
ah, rosencrantz!	0
should i tend your pigs and eat husks with them ?	0
his name is romeo ,  and a montague; the only son of your great enemy .	0
the duke’s trumpets .	0
bardolph ,  be happy . —nym ,  rouse your bragging spirits . —boy ,  be brave .	0
pray heaven it be state matters ,  as you think ,  and no conception nor no jealous toy concerning you .	0
it was.	0
is this the monument of leonato ?	0
you shall hear more by midnight .	0
this morning are they fled away and gone, and in their steads do ravens, crows, and kites fly o'er our heads and downward look on us, as we were sickly prey.	0
yes ,  sir .	0
cousin hamlet, you know the wager?	0
my charms crack not ,  my spirits obey ,  and time goes upright with his carriage .	0
are you biting your thumb at us ?	0
are you behind some bush ?	0
he hath been out nine years ,  and away he shall again .	0
if she orders me to go ,  i’ll thank her warmly as if she’d just offered to put me up for a week .	0
that's as much as to say ,  such a case as yours constrains a man to bend his legs .	0
how will you do for a father?	0
go, get you to johann, bring me a mug of whiskey.	0
they’ve recorded my crimes ,  and i would rather die than have to retell this shameful story .	0
excellent ,  i' faith; of the chameleon's dish .	0
what’s that good for ?	0
and let our hearts ,  as subtle masters do ,  stir up their servants to an act of rage and after seem to chide 'em .	0
stand !	0
how came she by that light ?	0
and for my means ,  i'll husband them so well ,  they shall go far with little .	0
an evil soul producing holy witness is like a villain with a smiling cheek ,  a good apple rotten at the heart .	0
this is a man—old ,  wrinkled ,  faded ,  withered— and not a maiden ,  as thou say’st he is .	0
how does my generous sister?	0
no ,  sir ,  i live by the church .	0
i’m at your service .	0
and may not young men die as well as old ?	0
until then ,  god be with you !	0
give it to me .	0
her mother hath many times told me so .	0
kill me tomorrow; let me live tonight!	0
come ,  come ,  we know your meaning ,  brother gloucester .	0
and even then ,  in order for me to catch the fly your cousin ,  she must be blind ?	0
every man shift for all the rest ,  and let no man take care for himself; for all is but fortune .	0
i’m not such an idiot that i can’t keep my hands dry .	0
thou'ldst never fear the net nor lime ,  the pitfall nor the gin .	0
nonsense, i’m in their hearts, and i know why they do it.	0
let this fellow be nothing of our strife .	0
my lord ,  do as you please ,  but if you think it’s ok ,  after the play ,  let his queen mother talk to him all alone and beg him to share his problem .	0
spirit ,  we must prepare to meet with caliban .	0
we the globe can compass soon ,  swifter than the wandering moon .	0
let not that doctor e'er come near my house !	0
good my lord ,  enter .	0
what needs more words ?	0
god in heaven bless her!	0
not for you either.	0
what ,  bear her in hand until they come to take hands and then ,  with public accusation ,  uncovered slander ,  unmitigated rancor—o god ,  that i were a man !	0
alack, my child is dead, and with my child my joys are buried!	0
i will pour some in your other mouth .	0
i dreamed last night that i feasted with caesar ,  and unlucky signs overwhelmed my imagination .	0
o my soul's joy !	0
though you untie the winds ,  and let them fight against the churches ,  though the roaring waves confuse sailors and sink ships ,  though corn on the cob be torn from its stalks ,  and trees blown down ,  though castles topple on their guards' heads ,  though palaces and pyramids bend their heads to their foundations ,  though the treasure of nature's buds tumble all together ,  even until destruction makes everything sick ,  answer the questions i ask you .	0
hold ,  or cut bowstrings .	0
it’s more, it’s more.	0
that's even more evil.	0
you see how simple and how in love i am .	0
how canst thou woo her ?	0
i am willing to fight you if i must .	0
we follow in your orbit ,  and you have the power to move us .	0
thy love ne'er alter till thy sweet life end!	0
no, bigger!	0
not yet old enough for a man ,  nor young enough for a boy ,  as a squash is before ’tis a peascod ,  or a codling when ’tis almost an apple .	0
i am boy to them all three ,  but all they three ,  though they would serve me ,  could not be man to me .	0
feed him apricots and blackberries ,  with purple grapes ,  green figs ,  and mulberries .	0
come hither ,  nurse .	0
i will ,  my hermia .	0
oh ,  my brave emperor ,  this is what i call a fight !	0
o my good master !	0
o dissolving soul ,  that ,  struggling to be free ,  is more a slave !	0
if you want to cry over my bad luck ,  i’ll give you my eyes .	0
i will do it ,  my lord .	0
her name is margery ,  indeed: i'll be sworn ,  if thou be launcelot ,  thou art mine own flesh and blood .	0
what, pindarus!	0
i will grant you he is bloody ,  luxurious ,  avaricious ,  false ,  deceitful ,  sudden ,  malicious ,  smacking of every sin that has a name .	0
i told you ,  sir ,  they were totally drunk ,  so puffed up with courage that they were getting angry at the air for blowing in their faces ,  and beating the ground for touching their feet—yet even when drunk ,  they kept their plan firmly in mind .	0
therefore be patient ,  take no note of him .	0
why, anything, but to the purpose.	0
oh ,  to hell with those people !	0
i know his eye doth homage otherwhere ,  or else what lets it but he would be here ?	0
but my heart is still throbbing to know one thing .	0
marian ,  i say !	0
my husband !	0
the cockerel .	0
when he came to again, he said, if he had done or said anything out of order, he wanted the people to think it was his infirmity.	0
close by ,  my master .	0
it was a violent commencement ,  and thou shalt see an answer -  able sequestration; put but money in thy purse .	0
breathe merriman ,  the poor cur is embossed ,  and couple clowder with the deep - mouthed brach .	0
say i am sick .	0
to whose hands you have sent the lunatic king .	0
and i am brutus ,  marcus brutus ,  i !	0
hold him in safety till the prince come hither .	0
all ladies love me ,  except you .	0
answer my life my judgment ,  thy youngest daughter does not love thee least ,  nor are those empty - hearted whose low sound reverbs no hollowness .	0
hold ,  there is forty ducats .	0
madam ,  not now .	0
what's your will ?	0
the man that has no music in him ,  or is not moved by harmony of sweet sounds ,  is fit for treasons ,  plots ,  and stealing; the movement of his spirit is as dull as night ,  and his affections are as dark as the place between earth and hell .	0
ere i learn love ,  i’ll practice to obey .	0
ay ,  in the temple ,  in the town ,  the field you do me mischief .	0
shall she come in ?	0
with all my heart, so thou canst get a wife.	0
by the lord ,  horatio ,  this three years i have taken note of it ,  the age is grown so picked that the toe of the peasant comes so near the heel of the courtier he galls his kibe .	0
let's have no more of this; let's to our affairs .	0
some men don’t like roast pig ,  others go crazy if they see a cat ,  and others can’t help urinating when they hear bagpipes .	0
which dreams indeed are ambition; for the very substance of the ambitious is merely the shadow of a dream .	0
move the plates!	0
i’ve come to take you to the senate house .	0
alas the day!	0
we’ll keep no great ado ,  a friend or two .	0
cleopatra ,  not what you have reserved nor what acknowledged put we i’ th’ roll of conquest .	0
if you think i come here as a lion ,  shame on me .	0
and ,  friends ,  disperse yourselves .	0
it is ,  my lord .	0
my beautiful rosalind ,  i’m only an hour late .	0
i’ll not be forsworn .	0
i told you ,  sir ,  they were red - hot with drinking; so fun of valour that they smote the air for breathing in their faces ,  beat the ground for kissing of their feet; yet always bending towards their project .	0
yeah ,  and he’s going to tame her .	0
not so happy ,  yet much happier .	0
this is what calphurnia’s dream means .	0
but now i’ll grit my teeth and kill anyone who tries to stop me .	0
now ,  my lord ,  what shall we do ,  if we perceive lord hastings will not yield to our complots ?	0
shall i speak a word in your ear ?	0
tut !	0
i think you set nothing by a bloody coxcomb .	0
i’m not proud that you have, but i’m thankful that you have.	0
pray well ,  father .	0
the jewels you have had from me to deliver to desdemona would half have corrupted a votarist.	0
here comes the man: give the present to him ,  father; because i am a jew ,  if i serve the jew any longer .	0
go before ,  nurse .	0
so do i, my lord.	0
don’t go near casca .	0
do you forget from what a torment i freed you ?	0
ha ,  ha ,  ha !	0
be this the whetstone of your sword.	0
how’s the night going ,  boy ?	0
we see the ground on which these sorrows lie, but we cannot find the true ground of all these piteous woes without knowing what happened.	0
listen, they roar.	0
you told a lie ,  an odious ,  damnèd lie .	0
here’s another, more potent than the first.	0
shall they see us?	0
i’ll send my prayers with him .	0
here they come .	0
haven’t i resisted even brutus ,  begging from his knees ?	0
i beg you ,  stop making curtsies ,  good sir .	0
and you shall speak after my speech is ended on the same platform where i’m going to be.	0
by our lady ,  your ladyship is taller than when i saw you last ,  by the height of a high - heeled shoe .	0
you’re getting too angry .	0
so ,  now you're paid .	0
murder!	0
come with me tonight ,  and you’ll see a man enter her bedroom chamber—even tonight ,  the night before her wedding .	0
what is ’t thou say’st ?	0
tell me ,  my spirit ,  how are the king and his followers doing ?	0
i'll be with thee straight .	0
i’ll drink to hamlet’s health ,  and into his goblet i’ll drop a pearl even more costly than those in the crowns of the last four danish kings .	0
i am not yet so low that my nails can’t reach yours eyes.	0
the harvest comes shortly after that .	0
yes ,  my good lord .	0
gentle boy ,  good night .	0
i think she will be rul'd in all respects by me; nay more ,  i doubt it not .	0
good sir ,  be a man ,  think every bearded fellow that’s but yoked may draw with you .	0
who knows the lord protector’s mind herein ?	0
soldier ,  why are you wearing that glove in your cap ?	0
these blazes, daughter, giving more light than heat, extinct in both even in their promise, as it is a-making, you must not take for fire.	0
but yet do i believe the origin and commencement of his grief sprung from neglected love .	0
the deep of night is crept upon our talk ,  and nature must obey necessity ,  which we will niggard with a little rest .	0
stay here; the generals want to talk .	0
i had rather give his carcass to my hounds .	0
and now they do re - stem their backward course ,  bearing with frank appearance their purposes toward cyprus .	0
where is the horse that doth untread again ,  his tedious measures with the unbated fire ,  that he did pace them first ?	0
do you agree that we shall tell him ,  because we love him and it is our duty ?	0
yes ,  madam ,  he was of that consort .	0
now sits the wind fair ,  and we will aboard .	0
there ,  sir ,  stop .	0
ask for me tomorrow, and you shall find me a grave man.	0
do you quarrel ,  sir ?	0
where are you?	0
you shall not go ,  my lord .	0
what ,  pindarus !	0
this cannot anger him .	0
how dost thou under -  stand the scripture ?	0
come ,  musicians ,  play .	0
o ,  i see that nose of yours ,  but not that dog i shall throw it to .	0
what early tongue so sweetly salutes me?	0
it was i ,  in fact ,  whom you promised to strike .	0
and if you could, you couldn’t bring him back to life.	0
yes, other men have ill luck too.	0
i’ll go back to the duke of gloucester and tell him so .	0
but tell me this: don’t you know my voice ?	0
go ahead ,  do your worst .	0
hence with your little ones .	0
fates, we will know your pleasures.	0
away!	0
how if she be black and witty ?	0
it were a tedious difficulty ,  i think ,  to bring them to that prospect .	0
i’ll be assured that i may; and ,  that i may be assured ,  i will think it over .	0
who does it, then?	0
nor i neither by this heavenly light; i might do it as well in the dark .	0
i think it’s just before twelve .	0
no ,  uncle ,  i’ll none .	0
sir ,  she is mortal .	0
welcome ,  gentlemen .	0
i do arrest you ,  sir .	0
remember what i have said .	0
you have offered me the lands of sicily and sardinia .	0
good morrow, both.	0
what!	0
tell me where is fancy bred, in the heart or in the head, how begot, how nourished?	0
if the king hadn’t resembled my father as he slept ,  i would’ve done it .	0
are his wits safe ?	0
she was false as water .	0
give him room .	0
i pray you ,  fail me not .	0
pharmacist !	0
nothing is good, i see, without respect: i think it sounds much sweeter at night than by day.	0
what ,  you mean kid actors ?	0
for a little follow ,  and do me service .	0
i’m dying to hear your life story ,  which must be a strange tale .	0
that since she’s mad herself ,  she’s married a madman .	0
love cools ,  friendship falls off ,  brothers divide ,  in cities	0
and god forbid ,  my dear and faithful lord ,  that you should fashion ,  wrest ,  or bow your reading ,  or nicely charge your understanding soul with opening titles miscreate ,  whose right suits not in native colors with the truth; for god doth know how many now in health shall drop their blood in approbation	0
now you know, casca, i have already persuaded some certain of the noblest-minded romans to join me in an undertaking of honorable/dangerous consequence; and i know by this, they are waiting for me in pompey's porch.	0
this will make them both so afraid that they’ll kill each other just by looking at each other .	0
content .	0
rest, rest, irritated spirit!	0
tis true ,  most worthy signior; the duke's in council ,  and your noble self ,  i am sure ,  is sent for .	0
come, gentle night; come, loving, black-brow'd night; give me my romeo; and, when he shall die, take him and cut him out in little stars, and he will make the face of heaven so fine that all the world will be in love with night and pay no worship to the garish sun.	0
what do you mean by that ,  malvolio ?	0
sing it tonight .	0
that did i never hear .	0
so cheer up ,  there’s still hope for you ,  man .	0
i should have been more unfriendly ,  i must confess ,  but you overheard ,  before i was aware of you ,  my true love’s passion .	0
the dram of evil doth all the noble substance of a doubt to his own scandal .	0
she loves me ,  sure !	0
there’s more to this ring than its cash value .	0
would it not make one weep ?	0
i do ,  mark antony .	0
do you recognize this face ?	0
my lord?	0
why ,  may one ask ?	0
farewell ,  kind master .	0
how?	0
please forgive me ,  master .	0
the noise is that way .	0
o ,  no; he goes into mauritania ,  and takes away with him the fair desdemona ,  unless his abode be lingered here by some accident; wherein none can be so determinate as the removing of cassio .	0
why, it would be better if i cut my left hand off, and swear i lost the ring defending it.	0
benedicite .	0
you may do so; but let it be quickly so that supper is ready by five of the clock at the latest.	0
ha ,  ha ,  ha !	0
i think the policy of that purpose made more in the marriage than the love of the parties .	0
and ’tis great pity that the noble moor should hazard such a place as his own second with one of an ingraft infirmity .	0
go get some sleep; go where you are staying.	0
you agreed to send me troops and weapons when i needed them .	0
where is this king ?	0
have you sent to bottom's house ?	0
what ,  my lord ?	0
oh ,  she could sing a wild bear to sleep !	0
e'en so .	0
beshrew me ,  but i love her heartily: for she is wise ,  if i can judge of her; and fair she is ,  if that mine eyes be true; and true she is ,  as she hath prov'd herself; and therefore ,  like herself ,  wise ,  fair ,  and true ,  shall she be placed in my constant soul .	0
to gonzalo] i prithee ,  spare .	0
within our files there are ,  of those that served mark antony but late ,  enough to fetch him in .	0
but his kindness was nobler than even his desire for revenge ,  his natural goodness was stronger than his need to give his brother what he deserved .	0
i ate with him and my sister .	0
may't please your highness sit .	0
if it please you to dine with us .	0
get out !	0
was ever book containing such vile matter so fairly bound ?	0
come ,  cassius' sword ,  and find titinius' heart .	0
you take me for a sponge ,  my lord ?	0
i’m locked in one of them .	0
how goes the battle ?	0
she that i spake of, our great captain's captain, left in the conduct of the bold iago; whose footing here anticipates our thoughts a se'nnight's speed.	0
how is't ,  laertes ?	0
i do beseech you .	0
you move your cunning ahead more and more .	0
she's not fourteen .	0
and do you, gratiano, mean good faith?	0
he thinks he’s still playing his instrument .	0
take a good look ,  and you’ll see that one of the three men who rule the world has turned into a whore’s jester .	0
so you think you won’t marry again, but you’ll change your mind when your first lord is dead.	0
sir, you go inside, and, madam, go with him; and go, sir paris.	0
why, you’re sober enough now.	0
this is as uncivil as strange .	0
where's potpan ,  that he helps not to take away ?	0
what, did they never whisper?	0
are you blushing ?	0
what ,  did caesar swoon ?	0
you shall not write my praise.	0
what, sir, not yet at rest?	0
what horrible desire is this?	0
where is my lady?	0
this is no answer, thou unfeeling man, to excuse the current of thy cruelty.	0
for if the sun breed maggots in a dead dog, being a good kissing carrion—have you a daughter?	0
old montague is out there ,  and waves his blade in spite of me .	0
put this in any liquid thing you will and drink it off ,  and if you had the strength of twenty men ,  it would dispatch you straight .	0
rome has lost the ability to raise noble men !	0
all i ever did was tell him how hurtful and bad it was .	0
don’t stay to answer me—get going .	0
now is the mural down between the two neighbors .	0
you wronged yourself to write me letters in such a case .	0
but one fiend at a time, i'll fight their legions o'er.	0
i have lost the immortal part of myself ,  and what remains is beastly .	0
let's figure out how to do this .	0
and is ’t not to be damned to let this canker of our nature come in further evil ?	0
virtue itself doesn’t aim at lying deeds.	0
he may not ,  as unvalued persons do ,  carve for himself; for on his choice depends the safety and health of this whole state ,  and therefore must his choice be circumscribed unto the voice and yielding of that body whereof he is the head .	0
no ,  sir ,  the worse .	0
pardon me, good lady; because, by these blessed candles of the night, if you had been there, i think you would have begged the ring from me to give the worthy doctor.	0
tis not the king that sends you to the tower .	0
i see the ruin of my house .	0
o sweet portia ,  here are a few of the unpleasant’st words that ever blotted paper .	0
i'll call them back again to comfort me; nurse !	0
wherefore?	0
o, pale!	0
and squabble ?	0
my lord ,  my lord !	0
i’ll stand guard with you tonight .	0
this wind you talk of blows us from ourselves .	0
casca ,  you are the first that rears your hand .	0
i asked a servant .	0
tie up my love's tongue, bring him silently.	0
you hateful belly ,  you womb of death ,  stuffed full with the dearest morsel of the earth ,  i will force your rotten jaws to open ,  and ,  in spite ,  i'll cram you fuller with more food !	0
how now!	0
i will fetch off my bottle, although i’ll be head over heels in muck for my efforts.	0
this only is the witchcraft i have used .	0
where am i going ?	0
o ,  pitiful day that i was ever born !	0
methinks i have a great desire to a bottle of hay.	0
is it possible?	0
methinks our garments are now as fresh as when we put them on first in afric ,  at the marriage of the king’s fair daughter claribel to the king of tunis .	0
is this my prize ?	0
my lord ,  when i arrived at their home i gave them your letter .	0
is it sport?	0
either my eyes deceive me ,  or i see two husbands .	0
when ,  at my pleasure ,  i had teased her ,  and she ,  calmly ,  begged my patience ,  i asked her for the indian child ,  which she gave me right away ,  and sent her fairy to carry him to my private place in fairy - land .	0
are you busy now ,  holy father ,  or shall i come to you at evening mass ?	0
remember you!	0
i charge thee, hence, and do not haunt me thus.	0
put off your maiden blushes ,  avouch the thoughts of your heart with the looks of an empress ,  take me by the hand ,  and say  “ harry of england ,  i am thine ,  ”  which word thou shalt no sooner bless mine ear withal ,  but i will tell	0
but one word more— he will not be commanded .	0
i prithee ,  pretty youth ,  let me be better acquainted with thee .	0
tybalt, my cousin!	0
she did commend my yellow stockings of late ,  she did praise my leg being cross - gartered ,  and in this she manifests herself to my love ,  and with a kind of injunction ,  drives me to these habits of her liking .	0
good .	0
o ,  yes ,  my lord !	0
the noble brutus is ascended .	0
what, juliet!	0
what's the matter ?	0
why ,  mistress ,  sure my master is horn mad .	0
beware the ides of march.	0
my lord ,  the queen wants to speak with you right away .	0
has this fellow no feeling of his business, that he sings at grave-digging?	0
of honorable status are you both; and it’s a pity that you lived at odds so long.	0
i hope my noble lord esteems me honest .	0
it’s good we’re doing this .	0
send for the count .	0
whose house ?	0
what, of venice?	0
welcome ,  my good alexas .	0
gallop quickly, you horses with fiery flames for feet, towards the sun god’s house.	0
it is my soul that calls my name.	0
antonio is a good man.	0
i thank you for this lesson; and from this point forward ,  i'll love no friend ,  since love breeds such contempt .	0
i wonder what it bodes .	0
o, 'tis most sweet when in one line two crafts directly meet.	0
have you any further trade with us?	0
why ,  so did you .	0
i could swear this is the real vincentio .	0
i will stand ,  and so shall trinculo .	0
master young gentleman ,  i pray you ,  which is the way to master jew’s ?	0
you speak with all your wit ,  and yet ,  in faith ,  with wit enough for you .	0
what stay had we but clarence ?	0
save me and hover o'er me with your wings, you heavenly guards!	0
with the help of a surgeon he might yet recover and prove a donkey.	0
he would have ?	0
i pant for life .	0
am i the master here ,  or you ?	0
my lord, i'll tell my lady you will come.	0
nay ,  if our wits run the wild - goose chase ,  i am done ,  for thou hast more of the wild - goose in one of thy wits than ,  i am sure ,  i have in my whole five .	0
we do not doubt it.	0
hark, she speaks!	0
yes .	0
will she still love him for chattering?	0
i’ll arrest him .	0
bate, i beseech you, widow dido.	0
how did my master die ,  strato ?	0
lord ,  lord !	0
hum!	0
i only wish i could load him up with all the praise he deserves !	0
where’s the jury ,  the judge ,  the lawful proceedings ,  the verdict ?	0
you’re crazy to say that!	0
is there any ships put forth tonight ?	0
and for cassio, let me be his undertaker.	0
the pox of such antic, lisping, affecting absurd and irrational people; these new tuners of accents!	0
none that i know definitely ,  but i’m very afraid there’s a chance .	0
i’m waiting here for the general ,  and i don’t want him to see me with a woman .	0
what are they, i beseech your ladyship?	0
passion!	0
when did you lose your daughter ?	0
though he be as good a gentleman as the devil is ,  as lucifer and beelzebub himself ,  it is necessary ,  look your grace ,  that he keep his vow and his oath .	0
a second daniel ! —a daniel ,  jew !	0
who's there?	0
aside to ariel] bravely ,  my diligence .	0
pray ,  chuck ,  come hither .	0
well ,  start thinking about marriage now .	0
show me ,  my women ,  like a queen .	0
i have done nothing except to protect you ,  protect you ,  my dear one ,  you ,  my daughter ,  who doesn’t know what you are ,  not knowing where i come from or that i better than prospero ,  master of a full ,  poor dwelling ,  and your not so proud father .	0
what in the world made you risk your reputation like this and become a street brawler ?	0
bless thee ,  bottom ,  bless thee .	0
what woman then?	0
cassio ,  may you suspect who they should be that have thus mangled you ?	0
god keep me from false friends ,  but they were none .	0
then ,  my queen ,  in silence sad ,  trip we after night's shade .	0
it wants to be spoken to .	0
strato ,  you’ve slept this whole time .	0
even though everything evil wants to look good ,  good still has to look good too .	0
this is a sorry sight.	0
you shall not stir out of your house today .	0
sirs, why did you cry out like that your sleep?	0
how fares our cousin hamlet?	0
the wind blew down through the chimneys where we were sleeping .	0
shylock ,  do you hear ?	0
a man no mightier than you or i in ability ,  yet grown as huge and frightening as tonight’s strange happenings .	0
will you walk, sir?	0
well ,  as time shall try .	0
he attendeth here hard by, to know your answer, whether you'll admit him.	0
there's another.	0
i would i had your bond; for i perceive a weak bond holds you; i'll not trust your word .	0
that shall you know hereafter .	0
demetrius doesn’t think so; he won’t know what everyone but him knows .	0
i never gave him reason to be jealous .	0
still harping on my daughter.	0
if that thou be’st a devil ,  i cannot kill thee .	0
that won’t work ,  since i’m still reaping the rewards of that murder: my crown and my queen .	0
i hear some noise .	0
i did not think he had been acquainted with her .	0
go therefore ,  tell thy master: here i am .	0
my purpose is ,  indeed ,  a horse of that color .	0
i’ll give you enough gold to pay back your debt twenty times over .	0
i beg you ,  tell me ,  then ,  that he is well .	0
there is more sense in that than in reputation .	0
nice save !	0
you thug !	0
he and lepidus are at caesar's house .	0
the old proverb is very well parted between my master shylock and you, sir: you have the grace of god, sir, and he has enough.	0
stop ,  take this letter .	0
a foe to tyrants ,  and my country’s friend .	0
come ,  sir .	0
if that is not granted ,  he reduces his requests and asks only that he be allowed to live as a private man in athens .	0
as birds do, mother.	0
this bodiless creation ecstasy is very cunning in.	0
you make me strange even to the disposition that i owe, when now i think you can behold such sights, and keep the natural ruby of your cheeks when mine is blanch'd with fear.	0
you ,  my earthly moon ,  are now eclipsed ,  and that alone foretells my ruin .	0
if she come in, she'll sure speak to my wife.	0
ah ,  here she comes ,  angry and sad .	0
and, if not so, how should i wrong a brother?	0
there are things in this comedy of pyramus and thisbe that will never please .	0
where are you, proud demetrius?	0
when his god falls asleep ,  the monster will snatch his wine bottle .	0
had he not resembled my father as he slept, i had done't.	0
o, speak again, bright angel!	0
how intend you ,   “ practiced ”  ?	0
come, i'll hide you among a sisterhood of holy nuns.	0
o, my fear interprets!	0
fiend angelical !	0
oh ,  you prophesied that the time would come when i would want your help in cursing that humpbacked spider ,  that hideous toad !	0
the all-seeing sun never saw anything to match her since the world first began.	0
i pray thee ,  good mercutio ,  let's retire .	0
let me be satisfied, is it good or bad?	0
it is not so now .	0
but surely you’re not planning to	0
slanders ,  sir .	0
in christening, shalt thou have two god-fathers; had i been judge, thou shouldst have had ten more, to bring thee to the gallows, not the font.	0
good heart ,  at what ?	0
what foul play had we that we came from thence ?	0
what with a torch !	0
if you can ,  your reason ?	0
not so sick, my lord, as she is troubled with a number of illusions, that keep her from resting.	0
we are very sorry for't .	0
then she has sworn to remain a virgin ?	0
what's the matter, lieutenant?	0
honest ,  my lord ?	0
i am a gentleman ,  sir ,  and my name is conrade .	0
my mistress and her sister are waiting for you .	0
the sight whereof i think you had from me ,  from claudio and the prince .	0
sweet hero; when i imagine you now ,  you seem as beautiful as you did when i first loved you .	0
out ,  damned spot !	0
have you come to make confession to this father?	0
here in the tent .	0
they are sick ?	0
fabian ,  bring him here .	0
alas, that love, whose eyes are blindfolded, should, without eyes, see ways to have his will done.	0
relent ,  and save your souls .	0
my lord, this would not be believed in venice, although i could swear i saw it.	0
then the writer imitated the one i composed to my steed ,  for my horse is my mistress .	0
i’ll tell them that we won’t hurt anyone with our swords ,  and that pyramus isn’t really dead .	0
go ,  one of you ,  and call the jew into the court .	0
give him a statue with his ancestors .	0
honest nurse, farewell.	0
uncle ,  your grace knows how to bear with him .	0
revenge it like a man.	0
what from the cape can you discern at sea ?	0
why should i stay— in this vile world ?	0
do you see that these lovers are looking for a place to fight ?	0
forgive me ,  cousin !	0
these our actors ,  as i foretold you ,  were all spirits ,  and are melted into air ,  into thin air; and ,  like the baseless fabric of this vision ,  the cloud - capped towers ,  the gorgeous palaces ,  the solemn temples ,  the great globe itself ,  yea ,  all which it inherit ,  shall dissolve ,  and ,  like this insubstantial pageant faded ,  leave not a rack behind .	0
if only my prayers could inspire that kind of affection !	0
don’t you hope your children shall be kings ,  when those things that gave the baron of cawdor to me promised no less to your children ?	0
if they’ll do neither ,  we will come to them and make them skirr away as swift as stones enforcèd from the old assyrian slings .	0
he’s wearing yellow stockings .	0
first resolve me that .	0
from fife ,  great king; where the norwegian banners insult the sky and ,  like a fan ,  make our people cold .	0
so go ahead and cry .	0
hark !	0
weren’t we both born under taurus ?	0
i’m not drunk .	0
i know your favor well ,  though now you have no sea - cap on your head . — take him away .	0
what, do you look pale?	0
call not your stocks for me .	0
will you think so ?	0
i wouldn’t change it except to make you think of me ,  my darling queen .	0
why should that name be sounded any more than yours ?	0
out, cur!	0
what’s the matter ?	0
he has no children .	0
perhaps you have learned it without book.	0
i’ll cure you of your insolence ,  and i’m not going to give you a thousand crowns ,  either ! —hey ,  dennis !	0
and let him play his music.	0
you smiled, instilled with strength from heaven, when i have covered the sea with salty tears, groaning under my load, which raised in me a new strength, to put with whatever should follow.	0
i recognize his walk .	0
but go on .	0
i pray thee give it me .	0
the all-seeing sun ne'er saw her match since first the world begun.	0
some friendship will it lend you 'gainst the tempest .	0
i am amazed ,  and don’t know what to say .	0
and fair words to them .	0
what ,  nurse ,  i say !	0
we must speak by the book or lying will undo us.	0
so well thy words become thee as thy wounds; they smack of honor both .	0
we arrived here on this island: and here i, your schoolmaster, have made you grow more than other princes can, who have more time for worthless hours, and tutors that are not as careful.	0
come on ,  music !	0
kind gentlemen ,  let’s go see poor cassio dressed . — come ,  mistress ,  you must tell ’s another tale .	0
would that alone o' love he would detain ,  so he would keep fair quarter with his bed .	0
madam ,  if you can find a man to deliver the poison ,  i’ll mix it myself so that romeo will sleep quietly soon after he drinks it .	0
commend me to your daughter .	0
who is it that can tell me who i am ?	0
whither wander you ?	0
why ,  even in that was heaven ordinant .	0
you’re not asleep yet ,  sir ?	0
i don’t like him, and it doesn’t seem to be safe to us to let his craziness run free.	0
if our sport had gone forward ,  we had all been made men .	0
good lads ,  how do you both ?	0
a very even way ,  but no such friend .	0
he hears me; and i weep because he does: i myself am naples, who saw,—and i haven’t stopped crying,—saw the king, my father wrecked.	0
it is well .	0
alone ,  it was the subject of my theme; in company i often glancèd it .	0
i tell thee ,  churlish priest ,  a ministering angel shall my sister be when thou liest howling .	0
peace ,  you mumbling fool !	0
he was happy here ,  listening to a song .	0
here is a friar who’s trembling ,  sighing and weeping .	0
sir ,  sir ,  i will have law in ephesus ,  to your notorious shame ,  i doubt it not .	0
what’s the matter ?	0
where are you from ?	0
to be acknowledged ,  madam ,  is o'erpaid .	0
nay ,  i know not .	0
get going, and hire those horses.	0
follow them straight to the cottage .	0
truly, sir, you don’t need to be afraid.	0
armed ,  say you ?	0
lysander ,  look how i shake with fear !	0
take not the quarrel from his powerful arm; he needs no indirect or lawless course to cut off those that have offended him .	0
well ,  think of marriage now .	0
and do you now put on your best attire?	0
have you heard about albany’s and cornwall’s troops ?	0
well then, your promise to pay; and, let me see.	0
oh ,  yes i am ,  father .	0
if that’s true ,  which it is ,  she might as well be in love with a dream ,  the poor lady .	0
hortensio and i have given you up .	0
why art thou here ,  come from the farthest step of india ?	0
a serious calling lies on me like lead ,  and still i couldn't sleep .	0
look where he goes even now out at the portal !	0
look who’s coming .	0
the food that to him now is as luscious as locusts shall be to him shortly as bitter as coloquintida .	0
i will .	0
your english sorrows will make me smile in france .	0
i’ll help you through this business .	0
why ,  that the moor first gave to desdemona; that which so often you did bid me steal .	0
hark !	0
well ,  you have made a simple choice .	0
that baron of cawdor shall no longer betray matters close to our heart .	0
death makes no conquest of this conqueror ,  for now he lives in fame ,  though not in life .	0
i admit that in front of you ,  my lady ,  she keeps a bit quiet .	0
o son ,  the night before your wedding day death has slept with your bride .	0
just as when the sun rises and shipwrecking storms and terrible thunder stop ,  so from that man ,  who seemed to bring comfort ,  discomfort got worse .	0
i must away this night toward padua ,  and it is meet i presently set forth .	0
i desire no more delight than to be under sail and gone tonight .	0
i think someone’s coming from venice .	0
nerissa teaches me what to believe .	0
ha !	0
what ,  would you make me mad ?	0
what's the newest grief ?	0
i’ve been crazed with so many miseries that my tongue has tired of lamenting and gone mute .	0
now ,  no more questions .	0
behold, over there, and titinius’ mourning it.	0
no, sir, their hats are drawn over their ears, and half their faces are buried in their cloaks, so that i couldn’t tell from their clothes or faces who any of them are.	0
why ,  is it not news to hear of petruchio’s coming ?	0
that must we also .	0
well.— now come, my ariel!	0
i doubt you’d thank me in the end ,  but she’s rich ,  all right ,  very rich .	0
yes ,  we get the idea .	0
beware of jealousy ,  my lord !	0
o ,  go away !	0
lead the way ,  sir .	0
yet i have known those which have walked in their sleep who have died holily in their beds .	0
poor tom will take you there .	0
you and i cannot be held within the confines of a country’s arbitrary customs ,  dear kate .	0
madam ,  i heard her speak .	0
we'll have a speech straight.	0
there’s money in it for you .	0
i can’t do that: i accept his ring most thankfully; and please tell him so; furthermore ,  please show my youth to old shylock's house .	0
so i ,  being young ,  till now ripe not to reason .	0
meanwhile ,  i’ll get sir toby .	0
thank you .	0
i shall obey you .	0
hear the noble antony.	0
once more ,  on pain of death ,  all men depart .	0
how are you, madam?	0
in action how like an angel !	0
i cannot tell; i think not .	0
ay ,  my good lord .	0
yes ,  more .	0
let's have no more of this; let's to our affairs.	0
hey ,  mistress !	0
where is your son ?	0
not i .	0
yes ,  and wall too .	0
if you can look into the seeds of time ,  and say which grain will grow and which will not ,  speak then to me ,  who neither beg nor fear your favors nor your hate .	0
you ,  as your business and desire shall point you— for every man has business and desire ,  such as it is—and for my own poor part ,  look you ,  i’ll go pray .	0
if you could, doctor, analyze the urine of my land, find her disease, and purge it to a sound and former health, i would praise you to the very echo, that should praise again.	0
go ,  one ,  and call the jew into the court .	0
let us in so we can tie him up tight and bring him home to recover .	0
i am very proud, revengeful, ambitious; with more offences at my beck than i have thoughts to put them in, imagination to give them shape, or time to act them in.	0
but ,  my good lord ,  why should you do this ?	0
put on my crown .	0
god’s bread !	0
o brave iago ,  honest and just ,  that hast such noble sense of thy friend's wrong !	0
to my sick soul, such as sin's true nature is, each new thing seems to be the prelude to some great harm.	0
indeed?	0
i’ll tell him right away ,  my lord .	0
by my troth ,  i am glad on't .	0
be not lost so poorly in your thoughts .	0
as good cause as one would desire .	0
harry le roy .	0
there's enough wood inside .	0
uninhabitable ,  and almost inaccessible— [to antonio] yet— [to antonio] yet— yet— [to sebastian] he could not miss't .	0
this was the noblest roman of them all.	0
what think you on't ?	0
indeed?	0
what’s wrong, general!	0
sweet friends ,  your patience for my long abode: not i ,  but my affairs ,  have made you wait: when you shall please to play the thieves for wives ,  i'll watch as long for you then . —approach; here dwells my father jew . —ho !	0
but that it would be double - dealing ,  sir ,  i would you could make it another .	0
show me, show me.	0
what soldiers ,  milk - face ?	0
where are these hearts ?	0
why ,  this is not lear .	0
your emperor continues still a jove .	0
did you speak of juliet ?	0
well ,  i conceive .	0
farewell happiness !	0
they ,  for their truth ,  might better wear their heads than some that have accused them wear their hats .	0
you will have gremio to keep you fair .	0
what's the matter now ?	0
your sword upon a woman?	0
he would have gotten a pension of six pence a day for his whole life .	0
listen to me .	0
o wretched fool, that lives to make your honesty a vice!	0
i never gave him token .	0
come ,  how would you praise me ?	0
shall i be married then to - morrow morning ?	0
from this time forward ,  do your messages yourself .	0
find thou the means ,  and i’ll find such a man .	0
are you busy now, holy father, or shall i come to you at evening mass?	0
i did ,  my lord .	0
thisbe is the lady pyramus is in love with .	0
kill brutus and be honored by the killing .	0
i swear he’s the better dog .	0
sit then and talk with her .	0
bring forth men - children only ,  for thy undaunted mettle should compose nothing but males .	0
and all because i use my own money to make a profit .	0
noble sebastian ,  you let your fortune sleep — die rather: wink while you are waking .	0
that’s why i’ve begged him to come on our shift tonight ,  so that if the ghost appears he can see what we see and speak to it .	0
think so ,  iago ?	0
what is your tidings ?	0
i see no blood, no wound.	0
madam ,  you have bereft me of all words; only my blood speaks to you in my veins ,  and there is such confusion in my powers ,  as ,  after some oration fairly spoke by a beloved prince ,  there doth appear among the buzzing pleased multitude; where every something ,  being blent together ,  turns to a wild of nothing ,  save of joy ,  express'd and not express'd .	0
they swore you did .	0
he shall not live .	0
i pity thy complaining .	0
whence camest thou, worthy thane?	0
away ,  then .	0
this is that very mab that braids the manes of horses in the night; and bakes tangled messes of hair into foul dirty hairs, which, once untangled, signals the beginning of much misfortune.	0
that same cowardly giant-like roast beef has devoured many people from your family.	0
it were a better death than die with mocks ,  which is as bad as die with tickling .	0
if i can tame him ,  i’ll charge as much as i can get for him .	0
john duke of norfolk and thomas earl of surrey will lead the horsemen and foot soldiers .	0
struggling with the wind and rain .	0
sir ,  sir ,  calm down .	0
come ,  my fair cordelia .	0
hamlet ,  for this deed ,  for your special safety ,  which we do consider as we dearly grieve for what you’ve done ,  we must send you away with fiery quickness .	0
how are you ,  my lord ?	0
i swear to you by cupid's strongest bow ,  by his best arrow ,  the one with the golden head ,  by the simplicity of venus' doves ,  by that which knits souls and favors lovers ,  and by that fire which burned dido ,  the carthage queen ,  when the false trojan ,  aeneas ,  was seen sailing away , — by all the vows that men have forever broken ,  in greater numbers than women have ever spoken , — in that same place you have described to me ,  i will meet you tomorrow ,  truly .	0
signior lodovico ?	0
i mean ,  if we are angry ,  we will draw our swords .	0
what!	0
what’s that noise?	0
the four strangers seek for you ,  madam ,  to take their leave .	0
but i prattle something too wildly, and my father's precepts i therein do forget.	0
i would the fool were married to her grave !	0
sir ,  there is special commission come from venice to put cassio in othello's place .	0
list, list, o, list!	0
if you dressed only to stay warm ,  you wouldn’t need these gorgeous clothes you’re wearing—which don’t keep you warm at all .	0
look you pale ,  mistress ?	0
i have made strong proof of my constancy ,  giving myself a voluntary wound here in the thigh .	0
the earl of pembroke keeps his regiment— good captain blunt ,  bear my goodnight to him ,  and by the second hour in the morning desire the earl to see me in my tent .	0
caesar’s sister is named octavia .	0
what do you say ?	0
your charm so strongly works 'em that if you now beheld them ,  your affections would become tender .	0
how died my master, strato?	0
my husband lives ,  that tybalt would have slain ,  and tybalt's dead ,  that would have slain my husband .	0
the more my prayer, the lesser is my grace.	0
the ground indeed is orangey .	0
did you hear anything about her in yours ?	0
what hast thou been ?	0
it is ,  my lord .	0
look here ,  this is the entrance to his room .	0
be assured you may .	0
but this eternal blazon must not be to ears of flesh and blood.	0
now old desire lies in his deathbed ,  and young affection is longing to be his heir; that beauty for which love groaned and would die ,  with tender juliet matched now isn’t beautiful .	0
long live gonzalo!	0
for now, because of this fearful night, there’s no noise or walking in the streets, and the weather reflects the work we have at hand, most bloody, fiery, and most terrible.	0
if you’ve been ordered back to venice because of my father ,  don’t blame me .	0
benvolio is part of the montague family .	0
all hail ,  macbeth !	0
you might as well do the impossible rather than try to soften his jewish heart .	0
and when does he leave?	0
but i’ll go out of spite ,  to feed off the wasteful christian . —jessica ,  my girl ,  watch the house .	0
be happy about it .	0
she mocks all her suitors so severely that they drop the suit .	0
i could say she were worse .	0
y'are a baggage ,  the slys are no rogues .	0
but soft you ,  let me be .	0
sooth ,  madam ,  i hear nothing .	0
this is the fruit of whoring .	0
for michael cassio ,  i would swear i think that he is honest .	0
hold him in safety till the prince come hither.	0
i drink to the general joy o’ the whole table, and to our dear friend banquo, whom we miss.	0
i would lose all—ay ,  sacrifice them all here to this devil—to deliver you .	0
cheer your heart .	0
you are too over-zealous on her behalf that rejects your services.	0
were you not sent for?	0
it was a handkerchief ,  an antique token my father gave my mother .	0
we’ll chase ’em into their latrines .	0
then ,  rejecting my request ,  you kill	0
oh, let me kiss this princess hand of pure white, this seal of bliss!	0
what ,  are you crazy ?	0
this moral ties me over to time and a hot summer .	0
nay ,  i know not .	0
how do you like the young german ,  the duke of saxony's nephew ?	0
no ,  he just gets reality completely wrong .	0
hast thou found my daughter ?	0
now ,  as i am a christian ,  answer me in what safe place you have bestowed my money ,  or i shall break that merry sconce of yours that stands on tricks when i am undisposed .	0
master young gentleman, please, which is the way to master jew's?	0
please, go on.	0
when comes such another?	0
the only reason you left india was to come here and see that butch amazon hippolyta .	0
brutus ,  my lord !	0
nay ,  an there were two such ,  we should have none shortly ,  for one would kill the other .	0
for love i followed him .	0
i was an idiot to take it !	0
this ,  decius brutus .	0
so is my horse, octavius, and for that i do appoint him store of provender.	0
marry ,  this is miching mallecho; it means mischief .	0
o ,  yes; and went between us very often .	0
tell me why ,  if you can .	0
farewell.	0
i recognize the handwriting .	0
lord edmund didn’t speak to your master at home ?	0
if thou follow him ,  thou must needs wear my coxcomb . —how now ,  nuncle ?	0
thou'ld’st have ,  great glamis ,  that which cries ,   “ thus thou must do ,  ”  if thou have it ,  and that which rather thou dost fear to do ,  than wishest should be undone .	0
four nights will quickly dream away the time .	0
but if all aim but this be leveled false ,  the supposition of the lady’s death will quench the wonder of her infamy .	0
and my heart too .	0
what did he say ?	0
how all the other passions fleet to air ,  as ,  doubtful thoughts ,  and rash - embrac'd despair ,  and shudd'ring fear ,  and green - eyed jealousy .	0
i beg you ,  lead on .	0
signior, is your family all inside?	0
hang not on my garments .	0
the trumpery in my house ,  go bring it hither for stale to catch these thieves .	0
thou never shalt hear herald anymore .	0
is not this stephano ,  my drunken butler ?	0
every glass of liquor is damned ,  and the devil’s the main ingredient !	0
it is called wye at monmouth ,  but it is out of my prains what is the name of the other river .	0
who ever knew the heavens menace so?	0
my stomach is not constant .	0
thus far can i praise him: he is of a noble strain ,  of approved valor ,  and confirmed honesty .	0
i shall win at the odds.	0
madam !	0
with what i get, i mean, as they do.	0
o, where?	0
i am sorry ,  but heaven has decided it to be this way ,  to punish me with this act ,  and punish this act with me ,  that i must be their whip and whip - er .	0
how oft when men are at the point of death have they been merry !	0
that’s not so good .	0
yes ,  sir ,  he’s here at the door right now and asks to see you .	0
but if i really laid him bare ,  i’d have to weep and hang my head ,  and you would not believe me ,  his behavior is so shocking .	0
thou’dst thank me but a little for my counsel; and yet i’ll promise thee she shall be rich ,  and very rich .	0
he’ll just turn it into a joke and torment the poor woman even more .	0
say then my peace is made .	0
whither away?	0
just say it .	0
the law !	0
i’ll fetch the general’s surgeon . — save you your labor . —he that lies slain here ,  cassio ,  was my dear friend .	0
nerissa teaches me what to believe: i'll die for it, but some woman took the ring.	0
mistress !	0
but you’ll see that the very thing that joins them will be the thing that separates them .	0
aren’t you embarrassed?	0
come on ,  bring them in .	0
yet i beseech you ,  if you think fit ,  or that it may be done ,  give me advantage of some brief discourse with desdemona alone .	0
but now i’ll tell thee joyful tidings ,  girl .	0
lay thy finger thus ,  and let thy soul be instructed .	0
her eyes are like april: full of showers .	0
belike some things—i know not what .	0
things must be as they may .	0
stay ,  fellow; i can read .	0
if luck wants me to be king ,  luck may crown me without my doing anything at all .	0
this shall make our purpose necessary and not envious ,  which so appearing to the common eyes ,  we shall be call'd purgers ,  not murderers .	0
i speak not to disprove what brutus spoke, but here i am to speak what i do know.	0
what do you want ?	0
what ,  will my daughter prove a good musician ?	0
there you are lucky.	0
have a good night.	0
stay here at your own risk; i will go on alone.	0
you scarcely have the hearts to tell me so ,  and therefore cannot have the hearts to do it .	0
who offered him the crown?	0
please ,  give it to me .	0
either there are wars in heaven ,  or else the world ,  too insolent toward the gods ,  provokes them to send destruction .	0
tis certain he hath passed the river somme .	0
what he will do with it heaven knows ,  i don’t; i only give it to him to please him .	0
a norman was't?	0
tell not me of mercy;— this is the fool that lent out money gratis;— gaoler, look to him.	0
i should be wise ,  because honesty's a fool ,  and loses what it works for .	0
art thou mad ?	0
no ,  caesar doesn’t have epilepsy .	0
please ,  my lady ,  just confirm that you’re the lady of the house so i can get on with my speech .	0
how is it ,  brother ?	0
everything that belongs to them is yours .	0
should you do so ,  my lord ,  my speech should fall into such vile success which my thoughts aimed not at .	0
leave me alone .	0
o deadly sin !	0
in which array ,  brave soldier ,  doth he lie ,  larding the plain ,  and by his bloody side ,  yoke - fellow to his honor - owing wounds ,  the noble earl of suffolk also lies .	0
come, civil night, thou sober-suited matron, all in black, and learn me how to lose a winning match, play'd for a pair of stainless maidenhoods.	0
saw you the weird sisters ?	0
be lion - mettled ,  proud ,  and take no care who chafes ,  who frets ,  or where conspirers are .	0
i conjure you, by that which you profess, howe'er you come to know it, answer me: though you untie the winds and let them fight against the churches, though the yeasty waves confound and swallow navigation up, though bladed corn be lodged and trees blown down, though castles topple on their warders’ heads, though palaces and pyramids do slope their heads to their foundations, though the treasure of nature's germens tumble all together even till destruction sicken, answer me to what i ask you.	0
no doubt the murderous knife was blunt till it was sharpened on your stony heart—you reveled in my lambs' bloody guts .	0
her sighs and tears are like great winds and floods .	0
rather than so ,  come ,  fate ,  into the list ,  and champion me to the utterance !	0
there if i grow ,  the harvest is your own .	0
therein the patient must minister to himself.	0
hang ,  dog ,  hang !	0
denmark's a prison .	0
it is so, indeed.	0
good morning, cousin is it morning?	0
but for the bloody napkin ?	0
and sayest thou yet that exile is not death ?	0
gaoler, look to him.	0
seek it out .	0
you’re the ruins of the noblest man that ever lived in the tide of times .	0
where’s your sparkle now ?	0
there's blood upon your face .	0
o hamlet ,  don’t say anything else .	0
no one’s heard from him .	0
had my lips that power ,  thus would i wear them out .	0
hasn’t he proven himself to be a great villain—slandering ,  scorning ,  and dishonoring my cousin ?	0
sweet lady, you have given me life and living, because here i read for certain that my ships have safely come home.	0
can you not conceive ?	0
as i discern ,  it burneth in the capels’ monument .	0
if i find an opportunity ,  i will give him a piece of my mind .	0
my husband lives, that tybalt would have slain, and tybalt's dead, that would have slain my husband.	0
this scene is chaotic.	0
oh ,  temperance ,  lady !	0
the enemy ,  marching along by them ,  by them shall make a fuller number up ,  come on refreshed ,  new - added ,  and encouraged ,  from which advantage shall we cut him off if at philippi we do face him there ,  these people at our back .	0
thieves !	0
alas ,  my lord ,  what do you mean by that ?	0
i don’t even know him .	0
was i with you there for the goose?	0
come on .	0
give me that pickax and the crowbar .	0
be that the uttermost ,  and fail not then .	0
i want my bond .	0
if he should offer to choose ,  and choose the right casket ,  you should refuse to perform your father's will ,  if you should refuse to accept him .	0
let me have it now .	0
you have taken it more seriously than i meant you to .	0
get the lady out of here .	0
this to your majesty; this to the queen .	0
ride you this afternoon?	0
what will be my evidence ?	0
but before we reached the end point ,  caesar cried ,   “ help me ,  cassius ,  or i will sink !  ”  and just as aeneas ,  the hero who founded rome ,  emerged from the fires of troy with his elderly father anchises on his shoulder ,  so i emerged from the tiber carrying the tired caesar .	0
what was the second noise for ?	0
that lodovico is a good - looking man .	0
what’s that noise?	0
tell us the oath ,  my lord .	0
for charitable prayers shards ,  flints and pebbles should be thrown on her .	0
the games are finished, and caesar is returning.	0
i think so too .	0
i heard you do a speech once ,  but it was never acted ,  or if it was ,  not more than once ,  for the play ,  i remember ,  didn’t please the crowd ,  it was caviar to the particular ,  but it was ,  as i took it ,  and others ,  whose judgments in such matters far exceed mine ,  an excellent play ,  well organized in the scenes ,  set down with as much modesty as skill .	0
how goes it now ?	0
so he’s dead ?	0
why has your queen ,  juno ,  called me here to this grassy spot ?	0
do so .	0
let’s join them ,  since our predicament is the same as theirs .	0
trust me ,  sweet ,  out of this silence ,  i still picked out a welcome; and in the modesty of fearful duty ,  i can understand as much as if it were from the rattling tongue of saucy and audacious eloquence .	0
good afternoon ,  my dear lord !	0
such an exploit have i in hand, ligarius, had you a healthful ear to hear of it.	0
nothing ,  my lord ,  or if—i know not what .	0
that if you be honest and fair, your honesty should admit no discourse to your beauty.	0
what can i say ?	0
your lordship is right welcome back to denmark.	0
have you not dropped from heaven ?	0
it will not be seen in him there.	0
what a day this is !	0
captain ,  i have a favor to beg of you .	0
i go ,  my lord .	0
no; they were well at peace when i did leave them.	0
live roderigo, he calls me to a restitution large of gold and jewels that i bobb'd from him, as gifts to desdemona; it must not be.	0
i'll swear upon that bottle to be thy true subject, for the liquor is not earthly.	0
so get ready to cut off the flesh .	0
and joy is welcomed in such a needy time .	0
ay ,  marry ,  must you; for you must understand he goes but to see a noise that he heard ,  and is to come again .	0
goodbye now !	0
has the storm passed ?	0
this epitaph will hang here forever ,  continuing to praise hero after i die .	0
what's the matter?	0
do you doubt that ?	0
yes faith, my lord.	0
which way ran he that kill'd mercutio ?	0
so i will turn her virtue into black tar ,  and out of her own goodness make the net that shall tangle them all up .	0
if you are not ashamed to show ,  he won’t be ashamed to tell you what it means .	0
how canst thou thus ,  for shame ,  titania ,  glance at my credit with hippolyta ,  knowing i know thy love to theseus ?	0
are you the slave who ,  with your slanderous words ,  killed my innocent child ?	0
what my lord said i was .	0
from seventeen years till now almost fourscore here livèd i ,  but now live here no more .	0
i hope to god i’m proven wrong !	0
we'll have a speech right now.	0
we will sit here and let the sounds of music creep into our ears; soft stillness and the night compliment the touches of sweet harmony.	0
thank god and my horoscope !	0
what ,  was i married to her in my dream ?	0
the poor soul sat sighing by a sycamore tree, sing all a green willow; her hand on her breast, her head on her knee, sing willow, willow, willow.	0
are those my tents on fire ?	0
o !	0
cuckold me !	0
why ,  she hath a face of her own .	0
this is trebonius .	0
but, for all that, to my thinking, he seemed eager to have it.	0
what else is it?	0
he took my father grossly ,  full of food ,  with all his sins on his soul ,  as full of bloom as may ,  and how his report stands ,  who knows except heaven ?	0
then gave i her (so tutored by my art) a sleeping potion; which so took effect as i intended, for it wrought on her the form of death.	0
i’ll bring you there .	0
how came these things to pass ?	0
i’m just wandering ,  with no particular destination .	0
that book in many's eyes doth share the glory, that in gold clasps locks in the golden story; so shall you share all that he doth possess, by having him making yourself no less.	0
if you knew my business ,  you would entreat me rather go than stay .	0
my dear son is too familiar with such sour company.	0
see ,  doth he breathe ?	0
let the devil and his dam haunt you !	0
i’ll write to my stepson richmond on your behalf ,  so that he’ll meet you on the way .	0
you are but now cast in his mood, a punishment more in policy than in malice; even so as one would beat his offenseless dog to affright an imperious lion.	0
i have half a mind to hit you before you speak again .	0
out ,  of love ?	0
our feast shall be very honored by your marriage .	0
i swoon almost with fear.	0
what, paris too?	0
is there anything else i can do for you ?	0
my hard-working servant, ariel!	0
i know that ,  sir .	0
that dreamers often lie .	0
make room, and let him stand before us.	0
go ,  leave me .	0
yes.	0
did ever dragon keep so fair a cave ?	0
portia ,  forgive me this enforced wrong; and ,  in the hearing of these many friends ,  i swear to thee ,  even by thine own fair eyes ,  wherein i see myself , — mark you but that !	0
no ,  i’ll walk right next to you ,  side by side .	0
knock knock knock ,  knock ,  knock ,  knock !	0
but what about the bloody handkerchief ?	0
o royal caesar !	0
just give me one more kiss, and i'll climb down.	0
what of that?	0
nor none that live ,  i hope .	0
leave holloaing ,  man .	0
i'll carry no more sticks for him ,  but follow you ,  you amazing man .	0
lead away.	0
if i could add a lie unto a fault i would deny it .	0
it would be good to let the general know about it.	0
quite chop - fallen ?	0
in this way ,  the candle has burned the moth .	0
thou art to die.	0
who knows if donalbain be with his brother ?	0
she sent for you by dromio home to dinner .	0
and these few precepts in thy memory see thou character .	0
father, come; i'll take my leave of the jew in the twinkling of an eye.	0
but who is with him ?	0
you are forward ,  my lord ,  you are forward .	0
ay ,  and wall too .	0
here ,  you there ,  grumio .	0
how are you, my good lady?	0
oh ,  say it ,  and mean it !	0
maybe some poison is still on them, to make me die by restoring me.	0
yes, in just those words.	0
does the king leave here today ?	0
nay ,  let me praise you while i have a stomach .	0
if i can believe my eyes ,  this is a fine sight to see .	0
investigate how this foul murder came about .	0
my lord ,  i'll hit him now .	0
where is that snake ?	0
did it go to sleep it off ?	0
three thousand ducats,—well.	0
mistress ,  your father requests that you leave your books and come help decorate your sister’s room .	0
i must be idle .	0
be the person you know you are ,  and you’ll be as powerful as this person you fear .	0
some men there are love not a gaping pig; some, that are mad if they behold a cat; and others, when the bagpipe sings i' the nose, cannot contain their urine: for affection, master of passion, sways it to the mood of what it likes, or loathes.	0
then i’ll pay you for doing what you like .	0
good morrow, worthy caesar!	0
it seems not meet ,  nor wholesome to my place ,  to be producted (as ,  if i stay ,  i shall) against the moor .	0
whose was it ?	0
how silver - sweet is the sound of lovers' voices by night ,  like softest music to listening ears !	0
such men as he be never at heart's ease whiles they behold a greater than themselves, and therefore are they very dangerous.	0
makes no difference .	0
a guiltless death i die .	0
clubs, pikes, and more pikes!	0
look here,“ he said, “did you fall on your face?	0
your reason?	0
the turk with very mighty preparation makes for cyprus.	0
when i talked about all these things ,  desdemona used to listen attentively .	0
i have made you mad ,  and even with suchlike valour men hang and drown their proper selves .	0
yes .	0
we must to the watch .	0
but did you ever tell him she was unfaithful?	0
would that fault were mine !	0
no ,  before the sun advances his burning eye ,  to cheer the day and to dry night's dank dew ,  i must fill up this ,  our cage made of reeds with baleful weeds and precious - juiced flowers .	0
o day!	0
if you shall cleave to my consent ,  when ’tis ,  it shall make honor for you .	0
no .	0
and as long as she’s herself—wise ,  beautiful ,  and faithful—she’ll always have a place in my heart .	0
thy royal father was a most sainted king: the queen that bore thee ,  oftener upon her knees than on her feet ,  died every day she lived .	0
by this ,  i think ,  the dial points at five .	0
no; i will resist such entertainment till mine enemy has more power.	0
speak, speak!	0
he’s not standing straight enough to hold a flag .	0
a most ridiculous monster, to make a wonder of a poor drunkard!	0
pray ,  give me that .	0
with that ,  i’ll be off .	0
when prospero is destroyed.	0
can he be angry?	0
no ,  i’d rather you stayed here .	0
he’s made me a christian .	0
o ,  the recorders !	0
yes, my lord.	0
he’s friends with caesar ,  in state of health ,  thou say’st ,  and ,  thou say’st ,  free .	0
where is polonius ?	0
speak briefly, can you like of paris’ love?	0
so i do ,  madonna .	0
now ,  let it work .	0
it is born.	0
no ,  unpin me here .	0
well met ,  well met ,  master antipholus .	0
sword and dagger .	0
no ,  my lord .	0
who did this ,  sir andrew ?	0
let us swear that you are worth your breeding ,  which i doubt not ,	0
first go with me to church, and call me wife, and then away to venice to your friend; for never shall you lie by portia's side with an unquiet soul.	0
your virtue is my privilege .	0
you know the character to be your brother’s ?	0
nay, it is.	0
do you recognize my voice ,  noble lord ?	0
indeed, this counsellor is now most still, most secret, and most grave, who was in life a foolish prating knave.	0
where the dead body is bestow'd ,  my lord ,  we cannot get from him .	0
signior antonio commends him to you.	0
well ,  let them rest . —come hither ,  catesby .	0
lead ,  monster; we’ll follow .	0
stay here at your own risk .	0
quiet there !	0
here comes catesby again .	0
if the turkish fleet is not sheltered and in a bay, they are drowned; it is impossible to wait it out.	0
not at all ,  touchstone .	0
if it will not speak ,  then i will follow it .	0
and i will purge thy mortal grossness so that thou shalt like an airy spirit go . — peaseblossom ,  cobweb ,  moth ,  and mustardseed !	0
some others search .	0
woe ,  alas !	0
a strange fish !	0
what change is this ,  sweet love ?	0
not where he eats ,  but where he is eaten .	0
and i ,  for disregarding your feud too ,  have lost a number of relatives .	0
but ,  in faith ,  kate ,  the elder i wax ,  the better i shall appear .	0
put money in your purse; follow the wars; defeat your mood with an false beard; i say, put money in your purse.	0
when you’ve done all that, go to pompey's porch, where you shall find us.	0
too quickly ,  we boarded a ship .	0
what, ho!	0
in the same figure, like the king that's dead.	0
high and mighty, you shall know i am set naked on your kingdom.	0
oh god ,  horatio ,  what a damaged reputation i’m leaving behind me ,  as no one knows the truth .	0
start the fire ,  good curtis .	0
it’s pathetic to be caesar .	0
places ,  everyone !	0
get away from me ,  satan !	0
him and his worth and our great need of him you have right well conceited.	0
hey ,  hey !	0
what ,  here ,  horatio !	0
a wreck past hope he was .	0
still i insisted; still you didn’t answer, but, with an angry wave of your hand, you gave me a sign to leave you.	0
it’s yours ,  and you may hang us ,  your trophies of war ,  anywhere you like .	0
here ,  peter quince .	0
but he ,  poor man ,  by your first order died ,  and that a wingèd mercury did bear .	0
how are you feeling ,  malvolio ?	0
i pray you ,  is my master yet return'd ?	0
i am your wife ,  if you will marry me; if not ,  i'll die your virgin .	0
i’m here ,  sir .	0
either my eyesight fails ,  or thou look'st pale .	0
what the problem should be, more than his father's death that has put him so much from the understanding of himself, i cannot dream of.	0
give me your torch ,  boy .	0
sings.	0
modo he’s called ,  and mahu .	0
and me too ,  good lord !	0
good ,  speak to the mariners .	0
you don’t know why we came to visit you— yes ,  and so unexpectedly ,  at night .	0
but i have heard him oft maintain it to be fit that ,  sons at perfect age and fathers declined ,  the father should be as ward to the son ,  and the son manage his revenue .	0
i am no tyrant but a christian king ,  whose emotions are as tightly controlled as the wretches who languish in our prisons .	0
aside.	0
and of all christian souls, i pray god.	0
all except the sailors jumped in the foaming ocean and abandoned ship ,  then i was all on fire: the king's son ,  ferdinand ,  with hair standing up straight —then like reeds ,  not hair— was the first man that jumped ,  crying  “ hell is empty ,  and all the devils are here .  ”  why ,  that's my spirit !	0
sir, grieve not you; you are welcome notwithstanding.	0
i only partly believe it ,  for i’m enthusiastic and resolved to meet all dangers without wavering .	0
i really needed blessing, and the "amen" stuck in my throat.	0
young man ,  when you wake up ,  if she’s nearby ,  beg her to cure your lovesickness .	0
in himself he is; but in this kind ,  wanting your father's voice ,  the other must be held the worthier .	0
still here's a spot .	0
approach ,  my ariel ,  come !	0
dost thou forget from what a torment i did free thee?	0
you have a noble wife who is much more beautiful than any other woman in this declining age .	0
hark ye, your romeo will be here at night.	0
o iago ,  the pity of it ,  iago !	0
good madam !	0
defend me ,  god ,  both when i’m asleep and when i’m awake .	0
there's not a one of them but in his house i keep a servant fee'd.	0
aren’t they at this very moment on the western shore helping the rebels land safely from their ships ?	0
and what's in prayer except this double force ,  to be prevented from falling down ,  or pardoned since we are down ?	0
is't possible?	0
dear my lord ,  if you in your own proof have vanquished the resistance of her youth and made defeat of her virginity— i know what you would say: if i have known her ,  you will say she did embrace me as a husband ,  and so extenuate the forehand sin .	0
o cassius ,  brutus gave the word too early ,  who ,  having some advantage on octavius ,  took it too eagerly .	0
are you indeed ?	0
this is a strange rest ,  to be asleep with eyes wide open; standing ,  speaking ,  moving ,  and yet so fast asleep .	0
the gods can hear you lying !	0
can you tell me whether one launcelot, that dwells with him, dwell with him, or no?	0
thursday is near .	0
therefore this letter ,  being so excellently ignorant ,  will breed no terror in the youth .	0
where are these lads ?	0
don’t just swear by it; put your hand to some use that will prove you love me .	0
but don’t tell me; i know antonio is sad to think about his shipments.	0
o day!	0
hello ,  you idiot .	0
don’t be afraid of her company.	0
look, how our partner's in such deep thought.	0
go ,  take it away and let your master make whatever use of it he can .	0
younger than she are happy mothers made.	0
are you now going to dispatch this thing ?	0
how did we come ashore ?	0
no ,  my lord .	0
what promise ,  chuck ?	0
the baron of fife had a wife; where is she now?	0
richard ,  a fiendish spy for hell itself ,  still lives ,  but only long enough to buy souls to send below .	0
tom’s a -  cold .	0
tubal ,  a wealthy hebrew of my tribe ,  will supply me .	0
and i for no woman .	0
howl ,  howl ,  howl ,  howl !	0
give him this money and these notes, reynaldo.	0
i am not taught to make anything .	0
not cassio kill'd !	0
yes ,  shylock ,  i will seal unto this bond .	0
he locks himself up alone in his bedroom ,  shuts his windows to keep out the beautiful daylight ,  and makes himself an artificial night .	0
that’s where the patient must minister to himself.	0
what hast thou found ?	0
will you have me ?	0
my husband!	0
nay, that's true, that's very true.	0
why are you making these faces ?	0
heaven preserve you!	0
let’s do it .	0
servant, what was your master doing in this place?	0
come ,  what says romeo ?	0
all that i will tell you is that the duke hath dined .	0
but ,  lepidus ,  go you to caesar's house ,  fetch the will hither ,  and we shall determine how to cut off some charge in legacies .	0
as you from crimes would pardoned be ,  let your indulgence set me free .	0
i spoke angry ,  foul words to him ,  and with that i will kiss you .	0
and sowing the kernels of it in the sea ,  bring forth more islands .	0
yes ,  even power gets in its own way .	0
yes ,  dear madam .	0
let romeo hence in haste ,  else ,  when he is found ,  that hour is his last .	0
rulers abuse their power when they separate it from compassion .	0
well . — now come ,  my ariel !	0
stones have been known to move ,  and trees to speak .	0
you rogue!	0
stand fast, good fate, to his hanging.	0
around three or four o'clock ,  look for news from the meeting hall .	0
play me some music .	0
speak not, reply not, do not answer me!	0
obey thy parents ,  keep thy word’s justice ,  swear not ,  commit not with man’s sworn spouse ,  set not thy sweet heart on proud array .	0
i have a mind to strike thee ere thou speak’st .	0
you know from my clothing who i am .	0
lovers ,  to bed .	0
the crows and choughs that wing the midway air show scarce so gross as beetles .	0
i work for as good a man as you do.	0
i think he told me paris was about to marry juliet .	0
groan ?	0
come, poor remains of friends, rest on this rock.	0
look how pale he glares !	0
why ,  what wouldst thou do there before i go ?	0
haste me to know ’t ,  that i ,  with wings as swift as meditation or the thoughts of love ,  may sweep to my revenge .	0
are we cuckolds ,  ere we have deserv'd it ?	0
o, he's the courageous captain of compliments.	0
yes ,  revered queen .	0
the king rode out alone to view their troops .	0
good gentle youth ,  tempt not a desperate man .	0
ye say honestly .	0
what’s keeping you ?	0
it is even so.	0
and therefore will come .	0
but, i beg you, don’t let any of your people wake me up; i feel a deep sleep coming.	0
excellent .	0
oh ,  madam ,  madam ,  madam !	0
ill spirit ,  i would hold more talk with thee .	0
gertrude, do not drink.	0
how sweet the moonlight sleeps on this bank !	0
say, voltimand, what from our brother norway?	0
i think it lacks of twelve .	0
when will he be here ?	0
there is the playhouse now ,  there must you sit ,  and thence to france shall we convey you safe and bring you back ,  charming the narrow seas to give you gentle pass; for ,  if we may ,  we’ll not offend one stomach with our play .	0
hark thee ,  dardanius .	0
good morning ,  cousin .	0
sir ,  fare you well .	0
but i am very sorry, good horatio, that i forgot myself to laertes, because, by the image of my cause, i can see myself in him.	0
by foul play ,  as you say ,  we were lifted from there ,  but blessedly helped here .	0
who’s coming here ?	0
look how the judge yells at a simple thief .	0
dead .	0
truly, i think they are.	0
is all the counsel that we two have shared ,  the sisters' vows ,  the hours that we have spent ,  when we have chid the hasty - footed time for parting us , —o ,  is all forgot ?	0
villains ,  you did not so when your vile daggers hacked one another in the sides of caesar .	0
my lord, you acted once when you were in the university, you say?	0
a poor unfortunate beggar .	0
i watched him very well .	0
the food that is now as luscious as locusts to him shall be shortly be as bitter as the bitter apple drug .	0
or if you’ve got some buried treasure somewhere ,  which they say often makes ghosts restless ,  then tell us about it .	0
not the time i saw it .	0
this pantomime was probably a summary of the play .	0
but as a gentleman and a soldier he’s promised me he won’t hurt you .	0
why do you want a sword !  ?	0
everyone can see that ,  and even blind men can smell the stench of his misery now .	0
o life !	0
but since the affairs of men are always uncertain ,  let’s think about the worst that may happen .	0
i pray thee chide not .	0
wake up all my servants !	0
thank you ,  dear nurse .	0
by my troth ,  the fool has an excellent breast .	0
that’s as we list to grace him .	0
i will not give my part of this sport for a pension of thousands to be paid from the sophy .	0
o you invisible spirit of wine, if you don’t have a name to be known by, let’s call you devil!	0
tis a knavish piece of work; but what o' that?	0
this bodiless creation ecstasy is very cunning in .	0
ay ,  my lord .	0
what are you ,  girl ?	0
your statue spouting blood in many pipes, in which so many smiling romans bathed, signifies that, from you, great rome shall suck reviving blood, and that great men shall ask for tinctures, stains, relics, and recognition.	0
out ,  strumpet !	0
come, night that closes the eyes, cover the tender eye of pitiful day; and, with your bloody and invisible hand, cancel and tear to pieces that great deed which keeps me pale!	0
my back on the other side ,  o ,  my back ,  my back !	0
her vine ,  the merry cheerer of the heart ,  unprunèd ,  dies .	0
i pity england ,  but not myself .	0
art thou afeard to be the same in thine own act and valor as thou art in desire ?	0
oh ,  what learning is !	0
piss off!	0
you’ll be able to identify the man by the athenian garments he has on.	0
ah ,  how will this all turn out ?	0
i was hurt under your arm.	0
or here ,  or at the capitol .	0
who is it you mean?	0
soon enough .	0
aside.	0
it is the nature of the climate.	0
it’s a strange snake .	0
i will not leave him now until cassio is called to him .	0
there’s not a man i meet but doth salute me as if i were their well - acquainted friend ,  and every one doth call me by my name .	0
i’ll go call the guards.	0
not from his mouth, had it the ability of life to thank you.	0
you fools !	0
what news ?	0
nerissa ,  cheer the stranger; say hello to her .	0
until then ,  sit still ,  my soul .	0
you may be rightly just, whatever i shall think.	0
but who comes here ?	0
dost thou lie so low ?	0
ok ,  let’s sit down ,  and listen to bernardo speak of this .	0
methought i lay worse than the mutines in the bilboes .	0
even the traits that become me most kill me when you don’t approve of them .	0
poor man !	0
yet ,  if thou swear'st ,  thou mayst prove false .	0
when i told you that i had nothing, i should have told you then that i had less than nothing, because indeed i have indebted myself to a dear friend, indebted my friend to his notorious enemy, to feed my needs.	0
if i myself ,  there is no hour so fit as caesar's death's hour ,  nor no instrument of half that worth as those your swords ,  made rich with the most noble blood of all this world .	0
call up all my people !	0
sweet bodements, good!	0
when could they say ,  until now ,  those that talked about rome ,  that her wide walls were ruled by only one man ?	0
tropically.	0
no .	0
they sing when they die .	0
go ,  villain ,  fetch a surgeon .	0
if you struggle to bring down a tyrant ,  you will sleep peacefully when the tyrant is killed .	0
and ,  o you mortal device ,  whose rude throats pretend to be the immortal jove's dread clamors ,  farewell !	0
i mock you ?	0
why look you pale ?	0
then have at thee ,  boy !	0
who calls ?	0
come on .	0
i am sorry that i didn’t treat him with better heed and judgment.	0
he is not the flower of courtesy ,  but i'll guarantee that he is as gentle as a lamb .	0
you may go so far .	0
yes ,  just .	0
what are you thinking ?	0
some wine ,  ho !	0
what three things does drink especially provoke?	0
after the battle let george stanley die .	0
tell him that, with his permission, fortinbras desires to carry out a promised march over his kingdom.	0
as he shall smile, othello shall go mad; and his unbookish jealousy must construe poor cassio's smiles, gestures, and light behavior, quite in the wrong.	0
what other news ?	0
but, how?	0
alas ,  thrice gentle cassio !	0
anyway ,  what’s up ?	0
thou wilt not murder me?	0
i won’t be eating at home; i have to meet the captains at the fortress .	0
so the heavens smile upon this holy act that after-hours will not scold us with sorrow!	0
there's warrant in that theft which steals itself when there's no mercy left .	0
pardon me ,  but i’m just repeating what you yourself have said .	0
you understand ?	0
for the heavens ,  he shows me where the bachelors sit ,  and there live we as merry as the day is long .	0
but whatever misfortunes occur ,  they can’t ruin the joy i feel with one look at her .	0
know you what caesar means to do with me ?	0
is it his use ?	0
i heard someone say that’s what it means .	0
goodbye ,  old friend .	0
how does lieutenant cassio ?	0
i’ll warrant him for drowning though the ship were no stronger than a nutshell and as leaky as an unstanched wench .	0
lend me a garter.	0
sir ,  i’m upset .	0
yes ,  he was .	0
what will you give me now for that same handkerchief ?	0
ah ha ,  my mistresses !	0
if these be true spies which i wear in my head ,  here's a goodly sight .	0
i thought so when i supposed you were in love.	0
king lear ,  i’ve always honored you as king ,  loved you as my father ,  obeyed you as my master ,  and thanked you in my prayers— i’m furious and ready to snap .	0
but ,  roderigo ,  if thou hast that in thee indeed ,  which i have greater reason to believe now than ever—i mean purpose ,  courage and valor—this night show it .	0
if i’m going be killed ,  there is no time like caesar's death - hour ,  or any instrument half as worthy as your swords ,  decorated richly with the most noble blood in this whole world .	0
if it’s the same one— if it’s the same one ,  or any one that belongs to her ,  then together with the other evidence it’s pretty strong .	0
believe me on my honor and keep my honor in mind ,  so you may believe me .	0
he’s not sick in the brain?	0
no ,  i swear it .	0
he’s still sleeping ,  ma'am .	0
these are old fond paradoxes to make fools laugh i' the alehouse .	0
i defy lechery .	0
tell him that by his license fortinbras craves the conveyance of a promised march over his kingdom.	0
madness in great ones must not unwatch'd go .	0
hail ,  king of scotland !	0
i wish none of this had happened ,  given the situation here ,  and your rank .	0
then both ,  or one ,  or anything you like .	0
lean forward .	0
good night, good brother.	0
no ,  there it is again .	0
i know his gait; 'tis he .	0
old montague is come ,  and flourishes his blade in spite of me .	0
our hour is up .	0
i must stop you ,  cimber .	0
good words are better than bad strokes ,  octavius .	0
why does the drum come hither ?	0
they’re busy within .	0
if it will not speak, then i will follow it.	0
dispatch ,  i say ,  and find the forester .	0
no ,  if there were two such fellows ,  we should have none shortly ,  because one would kill the other .	0
why ,  i’ll see you at philippi ,  then .	0
assist ,  good friends .	0
if she comes in ,  she'll surely speak to my wife .	0
the night has been unruly .	0
none of these rogues and cowards but ajax is their fool .	0
away !	0
nothing could have subdued nature to such a lowness but his unkind daughters .	0
look whether he have not crown'd dead cassius!	0
how came she by that light ?	0
give me to know how this foul rout began ,  who set it on ,  and he that is approved in this offense ,  though he had twinn'd with me ,  both at a birth ,  shall lose me .	0
why, anything but to the answer.	0
was this beautiful paper ,  this very excellent book ,  made to write  “ whore ”  on ?	0
therefore ,  my old age is like a blustery winter: cold ,  but kindly .	0
i beg you, be firm with him.	0
provoke him, that he may; for even out of that will i cause these of cyprus to mutiny, whose qual- ification shall come into no true taste again but by the displanting of cassio.	0
madam ,  your mother wants to talk to you .	0
come ,  stir ,  stir ,  stir !	0
many a time and oft have you climb'd up to walls and battlements, to towers and windows, yea, to chimney tops, your infants in your arms, and there have sat the live-long day with patient expectation to see great pompey pass the streets of rome.	0
if i once stir ,  or do but lift this arm ,  the best of you shall sink in my rebuke .	0
now, this overacting, or lateness, though it make the ignorant laugh, can only make the experienced grieve, in whose opinion, you must outdo a whole theatre of other audiences in your performance.	0
hate me!	0
but did i fall or not ?	0
my words fly up ,  my thoughts remain below .	0
thieves!	0
god’s will ,  i pray thee wish not one man more .	0
ay ,  truly ,  for the power of beauty will sooner transform honesty from what it is to a bawd than the force of honesty can translate beauty into his likeness .	0
thieves !	0
where joy celebrates ,  grief mourns greatly ,  grief joys ,  joy griefs ,  on a very slender event .	0
i’ll assure you ,  he uttered as prave words at the pridge as you shall see in a summer’s day .	0
he is about it: the doors are open ,  and the surfeited grooms do mock their charge with snores: i have drugg'd their possets ,  that death and nature do contend about them ,  whether they live or die .	0
remorseless ,  treacherous ,  lecherous ,  kindless villain !	0
tell him he shall not speak with me .	0
oh ,  by whom ?	0
think of this, good peers, only as a common occurrence.	0
oh ,  that’s a joke made out of leather that spreads itself thin ,  from the width of an inch to as fat as a yard .	0
i know not ,  sir .	0
fare you well .	0
macbeth!	0
goodbye .	0
as for me, i embrace my fortune with sorrow.	0
hello ,  ho ,  ho ,  boy !	0
his soldiers were destroyed while we are all surrounded by antony .	0
this is some monster of the isle with four legs, who hath got, as i tak it, an ague.	0
the honorable lady of the house ,  which is she ?	0
here comes my noble gull - catcher .	0
she’s weak and will die unless you comfort her .	0
i have used you, filth as you are, with human care, and let you live in my own dwelling, until you tried to rape my daughter.	0
madam, good night; i humbly thank your ladyship.	0
i could marry that maria for thinking this up .	0
what is yon gentleman?	0
let the door be lock'd.	0
cassius from bondage will deliver cassius .	0
tybalt, here killed, who was slain by romeo’s hand.	0
not a dump ,  we .	0
what is't o'clock?	0
i want this to provoke confrontations ,  so i can give him a piece of my mind .	0
very well took ,  i' faith ,  wisely ,  wisely .	0
fair is foul ,  and foul is fair .	0
hamlet ,  you are killed ,  no medicine in the world can save you .	0
i did love you once.	0
the queen is here ,  my lord .	0
what ,  dost thou make us minstrels ?	0
you look pale and wild ,  and these signs some bad luck .	0
why ?	0
stand ,  ho !	0
but with much forcing to make himself do it.	0
they say they have letters for you .	0
all three of us will marry now in death .	0
when think you that the sword goes up again ?	0
but i’ll be quiet; no more.	0
that may be true ,  my lord .	0
we came crying hither .	0
for once tell the truth; tell the truth, even for my sake.	0
oh pyramus ,  arise ,  speak ,  speak .	0
but i beg you ,  don’t interpret my suspicions as slander against you .	0
we used to sit together and sew one flower with our two needles ,  sewing it on one piece of cloth ,  sitting on the same cushion ,  singing one song in the same key ,  as if our hands ,  our sides ,  our voices and our minds were stuck together .	0
with this i depart—that, as i slew my best lover for the good of rome, i have the same dagger for myself, when it shall please my country to need my death.	0
yes ,  i do ,  sir .	0
if you do stir abroad ,  go armed .	0
i pray you all ,  if you have hitherto conceal'd this sight ,  let it be tenable in your silence still; and whatsoever else shall hap tonight ,  give it an understanding ,  but no tongue .	0
yea ,  and my father .	0
you’ve described a warm friend who’s cooling off .	0
doth not she think me an old murderer ,  now i have stain'd the childhood of our joy with blood remov'd but little from her own ?	0
gentlewoman ,  my lady calls .	0
she’s been drowned in salty sea water ,  and now my salty tears are about to drown her memory all over again .	0
if a man were answering the doors of hell, he would grow old turning the key.	0
o husband !	0
give me your pardon ,  sir .	0
why do you want to do that ,  my lord ?	0
my fan ,  peter .	0
three months from twelve ,  then let me see; the rate .	0
don’t shed any blood; or cut less nor more, exactly just a pound of flesh: if you take more, or less, than a just pound, whether it is only so much that makes it light or heavy in the substance, or the division of the twentieth part of one poor scruple; no, if the scale turns only by a hair, you die, and all your goods are seized.	0
no, i'll go with you, cheek by jowl.	0
come ,  sir ,  will you aboard ?	0
i will go right away to my ghostly priest's house ,  to get his help and to tell him about my dear good fortune .	0
it’s noble kent ,  your friend .	0
he only in a general honest thought and common good to all ,  made one of them .	0
i heard it not .	0
speak to her ,  hamlet .	0
thanks ,  sir: the like to you !	0
in such a night did young lorenzo swear he loved her well ,  stealing her soul with many vows of faith ,  and ne'er a true one .	0
what’s she doing now ?	0
what say'st thou to me now?	0
officers ,  what offense have these men done ?	0
no ,  faith ,  not a jot .	0
is the duke of exeter safe ?	0
we’ll to church tomorrow .	0
he’s a dreamer; let’s get away from him.	0
do the boys carry them away ?	0
tis time to part.	0
follow his chariot ,  like the greatest disgrace to your whole gender .	0
god's blessings go with you; and with those that would make a good situation out of a bad one and friends of foes !	0
he and his daughter are captured .	0
first of all ,  pyramus has to take out a sword to kill himself ,  which the ladies in the audience won’t be able to stand .	0
his name's gonzago.	0
then right next to him i saw the murderers ,  dripping with blood ,  their daggers rudely covered in gore .	0
go you down that way towards the capitol .	0
here will i rest me till the break of day .	0
what ,  is the man lunatic ?	0
also against nature.	0
in sooth, i know not why i am so sad; it wearies me; you say it wearies you; but how i caught it, found it, or came by it, what stuff 'tis made of, whereof it is born, i am to learn; and such a want-wit sadness makes of me, that i have much ado to know myself.	0
i think the duke will not be spoke withal .	0
for she his hairy temples then had rounded with coronet of fresh and fragrant flowers; and that same dew which sometime on the buds was wont to swell ,  like round and orient pearls stood now within the pretty flowerets' eyes ,  like tears ,  that did their own disgrace bewail .	0
oh ,  let us yet be merciful .	0
i didn’t call for you.	0
tear him, tear him!	0
speak .	0
you are very welcome here ,  sir .	0
stop !	0
oh ,  treble woe fall ten times treble on that cursèd head ,  whose wicked deed thy most ingenious sense deprived thee of !	0
if you take it too seriously ,  it’ll have bad effects that i didn’t want it to have .	0
yes ,  a thousand times .	0
this was but as a fly by an eagle .	0
i am afraid he will chastise me .	0
i’m going ahead to get my spot to see him pass on his way to the capitol .	0
you ,  constable ,  are representing the prince himself .	0
who has done this ,  sir andrew ?	0
yes, madam, that’s the way it goes.	0
please now, keep below.	0
do; with like timorous accent and dire yell as when, by night and negligence, the fire is spied in populous cities.	0
i think he bought his doublet in italy ,  his round hose in france ,  his bonnet in germany and his behaviour everywhere .	0
where art thou, pindarus?	0
now ,  by the stock and honour of my kin ,  to strike him dead i hold it not a sin .	0
even if she’s ugly ,  she’ll be smart enough to find a guy to sleep with her .	0
no more of that .	0
the gods forbid !	0
but oh ,  how odd it is to have to ask for my child’s forgiveness !	0
heavens ,  i am the best of them that speak this speech ,  were i but where ’tis spoken .	0
my wind ,  cooling my broth ,  would blow me to an ague ,  when i thought what harm a wind too great might do at sea .	0
will you listen to me, roderigo?	0
didn’t great julius bleed for justice's sake?	0
here is the man ,  this moor; whom now ,  it seems ,  your special mandate for the state affairs hath hither brought .	0
now ,  may good digestion follow your appetites ,  and health on both !	0
an thou hadst been set i' th' stocks for that question ,  thou’dst well deserved it .	0
do you have anything else to say ?	0
at thy good heart's oppression .	0
well ,  keep me company but two years more ,  thou shalt not know the sound of thine own tongue .	0
i will hear brutus speak.	0
claudio ?	0
who hath measured the ground ?	0
but i wish i could say that’s the last time he’ll do it !	0
we don’t doubt it .	0
the interest rate will be— well ,  shylock ?	0
dear duff, i prithee, contradict thyself, and say it is not so.	0
all those memories pain his mind so deeply that guilt and shame keep him away from cordelia .	0
the accessory of a welcome is fashion and ceremony.	0
susan and she (god rest all christian souls!	0
a bawd, a bawd, a bawd!	0
gratiano !	0
poor antony !	0
the other voice is harsh and abusive .	0
i tell you ,  they are not honest men .	0
i warrant thee .	0
where’s romeo ?	0
then she bears some breadth ?	0
ay ,  lepidus .	0
in the meantime i will draw a bill of properties such as our play wants .	0
i am not well in health, and that is all.	0
isn’t there more be done ?	0
they shout for joy .	0
why would anyone flatter a poor person ?	0
then ,  i’ll get you ,  boy !	0
to what effect?	0
have a good-night.	0
ice-cold frosts freeze the fresh crimson roses; and on the old god of harmony’s chin and icy crown, is set a circle of sweet summer buds almost in mockery of the frost.	0
like one of two contenders for a prize ,  that thinks he has done well in people's eyes ,  hearing applause and universal shout ,  giddy in spirit ,  still gazing in a doubt whether those peals of praise are his or not; so ,  three times beautiful lady ,  i stand i ,  even like this ,  as doubtful of whether what i see is true ,  until it is confirmed ,  signed ,  and ratified by you .	0
is it so brave as lass ?	0
i chose her when i couldn’t ask my father for his advice ,  or didn’t think i had a father .	0
o ,  you are novices !	0
what a head i’ve got!	0
stop your unholy work, vile montague!	0
know’st thou the youth that spoke to me erewhile ?	0
i did kill her .	0
there’s something downright unnatural about it ,  if a philosopher stopped to think about it .	0
go on, i’ll follow you.	0
will it never be day ?	0
it’s a bet!	0
here’s more news .	0
ay ,  mother ,  but i would not have it so .	0
and now my lady worm's, chapless, and knock'd about the mazard with a sexton's spade.	0
it shall be done .	0
tell me ,  daughter juliet ,  how stands your disposition to be married ?	0
i was a fine fool to take it.	0
had you such leisure in the time of death to gaze upon the secrets of the deep ?	0
not one now to mock your own grinning?	0
because then i’d have to shed an ounce or two of your impudent blood .	0
give me the cups ,  and let the kettle drum speak to the trumpet ,  the trumpet to the cannon man outside ,  the cannons to the heavens ,  the heavens to earth ,  'now the king drinks to hamlet .  ”  come ,  begin .	0
accurs'd ,  unhappy ,  wretched ,  hateful day !	0
dead .	0
tell me in sadness ,  who is that you love .	0
heart ,  for once be stronger than all the rest of the body combined .	0
my husband is alive on earth ,  my vows of marriage are in heaven .	0
but you and i and honest casca ,  we have the falling sickness .	0
i'll be with you right away .	0
what’s the obvious conclusion from that ?	0
the tyrant has not taken action against them ?	0
will you ,  strato ?	0
damn it ,  old dead man !	0
ay, my lord.	0
welcome .	0
this is good .	0
grief seems to be contagious ,  for my eyes ,  seeing the tears in yours ,  began to fill .	0
i will hence tonight .	0
so have i heard and do in part believe it.	0
you must say “paragon.” a “paramour” is, god bless us, a thing of nothing.	0
here is a place reserved ,  sir .	0
it is his hand ,  my lord ,  but i hope his heart is not in the contents .	0
tell me ,  you unknown power— he can read your thoughts .	0
i wonder if you’d be so good ,  you lousy ,  rotten villain ,  to grant my wish and my request and gratify me ,  see ,  by eating this leek .	0
love can transpose things that are low and ugly, having no good qualities at all, into things that have beauty and dignity.	0
there’s fire ready .	0
orsino ,  sir ,  please don’t call me those names .	0
signior gratiano ?	0
i learned it in england ,  where indeed they are most potent in potting .	0
thou shalt be loggerhead . good faith , 'tis day .	0
i have sent twenty out to seek for you .	0
and therefore ’tis called a sensible tale .	0
if i can just get him to drink one more glass after what he’s drunk already ,  he’ll be as argumentative and eager to fight as a little dog .	0
i think i did ,  sir .	0
doesn’t a jew have eyes ?	0
and now my lady worm's, no jaw and knocked about the face with a sexton's spade.	0
but i pray you commend my counterfeiting to him .	0
what have you done, my lord, with the dead body?	0
saint francis be my speed !	0
was this fair paper ,  this most goodly book ,  made to write  “ whore ”  upon ?	0
did i do anything good to myself ?	0
are you going to get me in trouble ?	0
i think alexander the great was born in macedon .	0
tell me that.	0
in the meantime, let me be thought too busy in my fears— as worthy cause i have to fear i am— and hold her free, i do beseech your honor.	0
what wife ?	0
why is your cheek so pale ?	0
how is it that they travel ?	0
if you had known the virtue of the ring ,  or half the worthiness of her who gave the ring ,  or your own honor to hold the ring ,  you wouldn’t have parted then with the ring .	0
is my ink and paper ready ?	0
night hangs upon mine eyes, my bones would rest that have but labor'd to attain this hour.	0
did i say  “ better ”  ?	0
take your penalty.	0
why have you collapsed ?	0
freedom!	0
by my birth i rank above you ,  but don’t be afraid of my greatness .	0
trouble him no more till further settling .	0
we’ll have the barber trim it later ,  along with your beard .	0
for fear of that i still will stay with thee and never from this palace of dim night depart again .	0
peace, oh!	0
you, mistress, all this coil is 'long of you.	0
i thank your lordship ,  you have got me one .	0
give me your answer ,  i' faith ,  do; and so clap hands and a bargain .	0
every one.	0
how can that be ?	0
your wit is so forceful ,  it frightens the very meaning out of your words .	0
let grief convert to anger .	0
go to ,  well said ,  well said .	0
is thy union here ?	0
what ,  are you crazy ?	0
there is no world for me outside the walls of verona ,  except purgatory ,  torture ,  and hell itself .	0
but she ,  being mortal ,  of that boy did die; and for her sake do i rear up her boy; and for her sake i will not part with him .	0
i tell thee she is; therefore make her grave straight .	0
when i wore it at your daughter’s marriage ?	0
but heavenly rosalind !	0
o cassio, cassio, cassio!	0
rubbish!	0
have you conspired ,  have you contrived with these men to bait me with this disgusting insult ?	0
commend me to thy lady .	0
is this the prince’s brother ?	0
you’re a scholar ,  speak to it ,  horatio .	0
therefore it’s certain that he wasn’t ambitious .	0
when he is drunk asleep; or in his rage; or in the incestuous pleasure of his bed; at game ,  a - swearing ,  or about some act that has no relish of salvation in't then trip him ,  that his heels may kick at heaven ,  and that his soul may be as damn'd and black as hell ,  whereto it goes .	0
if it’s no more than this, then portia is brutus' whore, not his wife.	0
shall i come down ?	0
yes ,  a dozen ,  and as many to th' vantage as would store the world they played for .	0
who would that be?	0
i say thy husband .	0
how ?	0
god mark thee to his grace!	0
but where is my love ?	0
or i do forget myself !	0
give me your hand.	0
what is it she does now?	0
tis good we do so.	0
if he’s been killed ,  say  “ yes .  ”  if not ,  say  “ no .  ”  these short words will determine my joy or my pain .	0
why ,  you gave no gold to me !	0
he goes before me and still dares me on .	0
i will leave here tonight.	0
it’s like half your soul’s been ripped out .	0
what ,  what ,  good cheer !	0
when these mutualities so marshal the way, hard at hand comes the master and main exercise, the incorporate conclusion.	0
do you love me ?	0
o noble caesar !	0
cram your good news into my ears .	0
here!	0
oh ,  no !	0
i would do much to atone them, for the love i bear to cassio.	0
shall she come in?	0
and wherefore doth lysander deny your love ,  so rich within his soul ,  and tender me ,  forsooth ,  affection ,  but by your setting on ,  by your consent ?	0
oh ,  is that all ?	0
where should i have lost that handkerchief ,  emilia ?	0
he does confess that he feels himself troubled, but he will by no means speak about the cause.	0
sir walter herbert ,  a renowned soldier; sir gilbert talbot; sir william stanley; oxford; the highly feared pembroke; sir james blunt; rice ap thomas ,  with a valiant crew; and many other famous and powerful noblemen .	0
you lie .	0
promises are only good when you remember them ,  born of violence but poor truth ,  which now ,  like unripe fruit ,  stays on the tree ,  but fall without shaking them off when they are ripe .	0
yes, tell me that, and stop my guessing.	0
but while i say one prayer !	0
but this reasoning is not in the fashion to choose me a husband .	0
then i will go to my mother by and by.	0
he writes brave poems ,  speaks brave words ,  makes brave promises ,  and then breaks them just as bravely .	0
his most horrible murder .	0
i beg you ,  hurry .	0
alas ,  he faints !	0
you’ve won the wager ,  and i will add twenty thousand crowns to what they owe you .	0
let it work ,  for ’tis the sport to have the engineer hoist with his own petard .	0
my lord ,  i would that thursday were to - morrow .	0
there ,  leonato ,  take your daughter back .	0
wo ha ,  ho !	0
you look pale and gaze and put on fear and cast yourself in wonder ,  to see the strange impatience of the heavens .	0
something ,  sure ,  of state ,  either from venice ,  or some unhatched practice made demonstrable here in cyprus to him ,  hath puddled his clear spirit ,  and in such cases men’s natures wrangle with inferior things ,  though great ones are their object .	0
even here do we shake hands .	0
will you walk in to see their gossiping ?	0
it harrows me with fear and wonder .	0
would you care to hear some music ?	0
say ,  is your tardy master now at hand ?	0
some achieve greatness— ”  what sayest thou ?	0
my pulse does temperately keep time like yours ,  and is just as healthful as yours .	0
i meant a crowbar .	0
what will you do ?	0
what wouldst thou beg ,  laertes ,  that shall not be my offer ,  not thy asking ?	0
come ,  sir ,  i am for you .	0
o ,  that the earth which kept the world in fear should patch a wall to expel the winter's cold !	0
please hire cassio again .	0
you taught me language ,  and my profit on ’t is i know how to curse .	0
yet would not so have been ,  durst i have done my will .	0
you most lying slave, whom beatings may move, not kindness!	0
why?	0
romeo !	0
be kind and courteous to this gentleman; jump into his steps as he walks and dance in his eyes; feed him apricots and dewberries, purple grapes, green figs, and mulberries; steal the honey bags from the bumblebees, and, for night lights, cut their waxen thighs, and light them at the fiery glow-worm's eyes, in order to have my love go to sleep and wake up, and pluck the wings from painted butterflies, to fan the moonbeams out of sleeping eyes.	0
i can’t admit that ,  since you’d have to compare his excellence to mine .	0
even for a  good morning ,  lieutenant .	0
now he lies there worth nothing ,  and no one is so humble as to show him respect .	0
i’ll be nearby to help you ,  and between the two of us we can handle him .	0
well ,  what was yours ?	0
but to my mind ,  though i am native here and to the manner born ,  it is a custom more honored in the breach than the observance .	0
courteous lord ,  one word .	0
certainly ,  men should be what they seem .	0
why dost thou wring thy hands ?	0
we both have fed as well ,  and we can both endure the winter’s cold as well as he .	0
i really like the work .	0
think you i am no stronger than my sex, being so father'd and so husbanded?	0
my lord ,  you once did love me .	0
don’t dislike me for my complexion ,  the dark clothing of the polished sun ,  to whom i am a neighbor ,  and born near it .	0
i know you will say ,   “ yes ,  ”  and i will take your word .	0
and, sir, tonight, i beg you that we may dine together.	0
two of my brother’s men bound !	0
in the meantime ,  we thank you for a job well done .	0
oh ,  my soul’s joy !	0
it’s true ,  my brother's daughter is queen of tunis; she also inherits naples; there is some distance between the two countries .	0
you shall not go .	0
oh ,  i’m sure you don’t dislike him so much as to wish he were here alone ,  even though you say this to find out how the rest of us feel .	0
good words are better than bad strokes ,  octavius .	0
canst thou bring me to the party ?	0
o prince !	0
o wonder !	0
what kind of hands are these ?	0
if it’s fighting he is after ,  some of us here should run and hide .	0
there’s few or none will entertain it .	0
not long ago you challenged and opposed your brother ,  and it is only very recently that he has forgiven you .	0
your answer to that .	0
remember who liked your yellow stockings— ”  your yellow stockings ?	0
i did say so when first i raised the tempest .	0
who comes with her ?	0
by jesus, a very good blade!	0
most gracious duke ,  to my unfolding lend your prosperous ear and let me find a charter in your voice ,  t' assist my simpleness .	0
i forget, but these sweet thoughts do even refresh my labours, most busil'est, when i do it.	0
o hamlet ,  speak no more !	0
when i fell in love with othello i made up my mind that i wanted to live with him .	0
sweet ,  so do i .	0
where should they be set else ?	0
farewell .	0
then fall ,  caesar !	0
are you in your right mind ?	0
and i am sick when i look not on you.	0
and i know not what’s spent in the search .	0
let us hear what antony can say.	0
what noise is this?	0
well, death's the end of us all.	0
see that you are direct with him.	0
o love !	0
speak the word along .	0
no ,  madam .	0
i must be gone and live ,  or stay and die .	0
and i see a lot of orlando here .	0
you would be ,  sweet madam ,  if your miseries were in the same abundance as your good fortunes are; and yet ,  for aught i see ,  they are as sick that surfeit with too much ,  as they that starve with nothing .	0
when they won’t give a penny to relieve a lame beggar, they will lay out ten dollars to see a dead indian.	0
o ,  do not swear ,  my lord of buckingham !	0
even if you had your eyes ,  you still might not recognize me .	0
your honor calls you hence .	0
hey ,  are you there ?	0
therefore ,  most gracious duke ,  with thy command let him be brought forth and borne hence for help .	0
they are sheep and calves which seek out assurance in that.	0
monster sweetie ,  be a good monster and just speak once .	0
she cannot deny it .	0
at least it’s possible in denmark .	0
if so ,  then be not tongue - tied .	0
they in themselves, good-sooth, are too-too light.	0
how can i help you ?	0
well ,  while i live ,  i'll fear no other thing so sore ,  as keeping safe nerissa's ring .	0
why ,  that was he .	0
here's to my love!	0
go up, go up, and see the great destruction's image!	0
is it possible ?	0
must i remember ?	0
it has no fighting spirit .	0
i know you .	0
let’s go; now all is well.	0
o cousin ,  cousin !	0
where is this sight ?	0
this way, my lord; the castle's gently surrounded.	0
a goodly one, in which there are many cells, wards, and dungeons, denmark being one of the worst.	0
let’s go gather our jewels and money .	0
how should they ,  when that wise men have no eyes ?	0
i will proclaim my name about the field .	0
they howl about banishment .	0
interrupt the monster one word further ,  and ,  by this hand ,  i’ll turn my mercy out o' doors and make a stockfish of thee .	0
they do but jest, poison in jest; no offence i' the world.	0
they are not near my conscience; their defeat does by their own insinuation grow .	0
how shall we spend the lazy time, if not with some delight?	0
look at my face .	0
o rude unthankfulness!	0
shalt see thy other daughter will use thee kindly .	0
you blocks ,  you stones ,  you worse than senseless things !	0
what’s this !	0
why ,  how is it now ,  stephano !	0
i would not hear your enemy say so ,  nor shall you do my ear that violence to make it truster of your own report against yourself .	0
write to him immediately .	0
pass !	0
in a false quarrel there is no true valor .	0
their residence ,  both in reputation and profit ,  was better both ways .	0
who is her mother ?	0
are you trying to make fun of me ?	0
it’s another hero !	0
where is your harp ?	0
it shall advantage more than do us wrong .	0
friends ,  romans ,  countrymen ,  lend me your ears .	0
wisdom ?	0
call up my brother .	0
couple of days or not, of all days in the year, come the middle of july, she’ll be fourteen.	0
that nature ,  which contemns its origin cannot be bordered certain in itself .	0
is this the prince ?	0
or i will live or bathe my dying honor in the blood shall make it live again .	0
a basting .	0
why are you going crazy over these trashy clothes ?	0
we both obey ,  and here we give up ourselves ,  without reservation ,  to lay our service freely at your feet ,  to be commanded .	0
who’s this coming here?	0
so ho!	0
but hush ,  no more .	0
go you ,  call hither my fool .	0
here's my son, sir, a poor boy,— not a poor boy, sir, but the rich jew's man; that would, sir, as my father shall specify,— he hath a great infection, sir, as one would say, to serve,— indeed, the short and the long is, i serve the jew, and have a desire, as my father shall specify,— his master and he (saving your worship's reverence) are scarce cater-cousins:— to be brief, the very truth is, that the jew having done me wrong, doth cause me, as my father, being i hope an old man, shall frutify unto you, — i have here a dish of doves, that i would bestow upon your worship; and my suit is,— in very brief, the suit is impertinent to myself, as your worship shall know by this honest old man; and, though i say it, though old man, yet, poor man, my father.	0
feeling so the loss ,  i cannot choose but ever weep the friend .	0
why ,  what’s the matter ?	0
i speak not yet of proof.	0
damn you !	0
what we avoid when the mighty gods dictate how things go ?	0
what is't you do?	0
i’ll show you how kind i am .	0
she will be the bond that joins our kingdoms and our hearts .	0
ay, in the catalogue ye go for men, as hounds and greyhounds, mongrels, spaniels, curs, shoughs, waterrugs, and demi-wolves are clept all by the name of dogs.	0
it is the east ,  and juliet is the sun .	0
welcome, gentlemen!	0
go with me to the tomb.	0
won’t the ladies be afraid of the lion ?	0
it is a nipping and an eager air.	0
tell it, othello.	0
now, in the names of all the gods at once, upon what meat doth this our caesar feed that he is grown so great?	0
ay ,  but these english are shrewdly out of beef .	0
so doth the woodbine the sweet honeysuckle gently entwist; the female ivy so enrings the barky fingers of the elm.	0
nay, i do bear a brain.	0
i beg you, lead on.	0
tonight i received a letter from my sister telling me all about them—and warning me not be at home in case they come to stay at my house .	0
what ,  the fair ophelia ?	0
dost understand the word?	0
do you mark that?	0
you perhaps may think, because she is something lower than myself, that i can match her.	0
i like to pretend you are ,  because then it’s almost like actually talking to her .	0
sir ,  she is mortal; but ,  by immortal providence ,  she's mine .	0
call in my gentlewoman .	0
have lucius and titinius guard the door .	0
the king of naples ,  being an enemy to me inveterate ,  hearkens my brother's suit; which was that he ,  in lieu o'th’ premises of homage and i know not how much tribute ,  should presently extirpate me and mine out of the dukedom ,  and confer fair milan ,  with all the honours ,  on my brother; whereon ,  a treacherous army levied ,  one midnight fated to th’ purpose did antonio open the gates of milan ,  and ,  i'th’ dead of darkness ,  the ministers for th’ purpose hurried thence me and thy crying self .	0
actually ,  i’m still feeling some pangs of conscience .	0
i’ll set a bourn how far to be beloved .	0
no ,  the whole day ,  and all night too .	0
my ever - gentle cousin ,  welcome hither .	0
why then ,  you left me , —oh ,  the gods forbid ! — seriously ,  shall i say ?	0
have not you love enough to bear with me ,  when that rash humor which my mother gave me makes me forgetful ?	0
an angel is walking on earth .	0
lead, boy.	0
go to, charm your tongue.	0
what time?	0
hath not a jew eyes ?	0
the king and prince are saying prayers!	0
security gives way to conspiracy .	0
ay ,  sir .	0
let me go ,  i say .	0
then my children will probably be illegitimate .	0
but as all is mortal in nature ,  so is all nature in love mortal in folly .	0
but we loved him so much that we would not understand what was the best action ,  but ,  like the owner of a dirty disease ,  to keep it from showing ,  let it feed even on the core of life .	0
you see how the world goes ,  volumnius .	0
i trust your virtue as a man .	0
anon!	0
can you stay awake a bit longer and play a few tunes on your lute ?	0
by accident most strange, bountiful fortune, now my dear lady, hath mine enemies brought to this shore; and by my prescience i find my zenith doth depend upon a most auspicious star, whose influence if now i court not, but omit, my fortunes will ever after droop.	0
you are the singer.	0
whiles we stood here securing your repose ,  even now ,  we heard a hollow burst of bellowing like bulls ,  or rather lions .	0
who’s there ?	0
what did you say ?	0
well ,  enough about them . —come here ,  catesby .	0
yes, and a bold one, that has the courage to look on a sight which might shock the devil.	0
why ,  his cuckold’s horns ,  of course—the kind you men are always blaming on your wives .	0
reputation is an idle and very false burden ,  often got without merit and lost without being deserved .	0
how dost thou ,  guildenstern ?	0
tis expressly against the law of arms .	0
art thou contented ,  jew ?	0
yes ,  caliban ,  her son .	0
i don’t trust you .	0
yes ,  my lord ,  but i can spoil it .	0
arms ,  make your last embrace !	0
long live theseus ,  our famous and respected duke !	0
ay; and let none enter ,  lest i break your pate .	0
will you come with me ?	0
do you sing it ,  and i’ll dance it .	0
the criminal is the one who stole the nest .	0
i like the new tire within excellently ,  if the hair were a thought browner; and your gown’s a most rare fashion ,  i' faith .	0
you resent my friends' rise in society ,  and my own .	0
to antonio] for you ,  most wicked sir ,  whom to call [to antonio] for you ,  most wicked sir ,  whom to call brother would even infect my mouth ,  i do forgive thy rankest fault ,  all of them ,  and require my dukedom of thee ,  which perforce i know thou must restore .	0
on what grounds ?	0
no, not too upset.	0
it rebels at this age?	0
we wish your peace.	0
his grace speaks cheerfully .	0
be merciful, say ‘death’; for exile hath more terror in his look, much more than death.	0
on tuesday noon ,  or night ,  or wednesday morn .	0
damn her !	0
why ,  i' faith ,  methinks she’s too low for a high praise ,  too brown for a fair praise ,  and too little for a great praise .	0
please you ,  sir ,  do not omit the heavy offer of it .	0
prepare we for our marriage; on which day ,  my lord of burgundy ,  we’ll take your oath ,  and all the peers' ,  for surety of our leagues .	0
excellent .	0
i’m very uncomfortable ,  and that won’t help my case .	0
good night, good doctor.	0
a thing for me ?	0
shall it be tonight at supper?	0
he grew into his seat ,  and had his horse do such wonderful things ,  as if he had been absorbed into the horse’s body with the brave beast .	0
meet me by and by at the citadel.	0
the excuse you make to delay the news is longer than the news itself .	0
you saw they speak us fair ,  give us gold .	0
but montague is the same restrictions as i am ,  the same penalty; and it should not be hard ,  i think ,  for men so old as we to keep the peace .	0
live ,  brutus !	0
then brook abridgment ,  and your eyes advance after your thoughts ,  straight back again to france .	0
and hath challenged thee ?	0
now let my courage prove my title as wife .	0
make these men work .	0
i’ve only given the articles a cursory glance .	0
i am dying ,  cleopatra ,  dying .	0
he claimed he knew that ,  and that’s why he’s come to speak with you .	0
no ,  iago ,  i'll see before i doubt; when i doubt ,  prove; and on the proof ,  there is no more but this ,  away at once with love or jealousy !	0
something about cyprus .	0
give me that boy ,  and i will go with thee .	0
this is the tune of our catch ,  played by the picture of nobody .	0
what’s the matter ?	0
nay, but i bar to-night; you shall not gage me by what we do to-night.	0
is this the king we sent to for his ransom ?	0
now we find that one traveler out of five will bring us news about them .	0
be not so hasty to confound my meaning .	0
will you kill yourself ?	0
even if you were as handsome as  i beg your highness’ pardon .	0
must i endure all this?	0
thy spirit walks abroad and turns our swords in our own proper entrails .	0
o earth!	0
no talking!	0
hath an argosy cast away coming from tripolis .	0
he being thus lorded ,  not only with what my revenue yielded ,  but what my power might else exact ,  like one who having into truth ,  by telling of it ,  made such a sinner of his memory to credit his own lie ,  he did believe he was indeed the duke; out o'th’ substitution ,  and executing the outward face of royalty with all prerogative; hence his ambition growing— dost thou hear ?	0
he told us to arrange it .	0
what did you say?	0
i'll make so bold to call ,  for ’tis my limited service .	0
nobody; i myself.	0
i will tell you .	0
my father's spirit in arms !	0
if this is known ,  cassius or caesar shall never turn back ,  because i’ll kill myself .	0
what ,  man ,  courage yet !	0
good morning ,  neighbor gremio .	0
he shift a trencher!	0
question it, horatio.	0
arise ,  you shall not kneel .	0
i have been talking with a suitor here, a man that languishes in your displeasure.	0
i'll call them back again to comfort me; nurse!	0
my good lord, what is your cause of your problem?	0
for my part ,  i don’t lie in it ,  yet it ‘s mine .	0
sweet ,  so would i .	0
the lord in heaven bless thee ,  noble harry !	0
o ,  from this time forth ,  my thoughts be bloody ,  or be worth nothing !	0
knock ,  knock !	0
let me hire him too . —here’s my coxcomb .	0
let’s go ,  we’re leaving; our party - crashing is done .	0
fore heaven ,  an excellent song .	0
say you ?	0
villainous whore!	0
speak again.	0
the man who tells a lie and swears by it is now considered as brave as hercules .	0
i begin to be weary of the sun, and i wish the order the world were now destroyed.	0
she turned to folly ,  and she was a whore .	0
you have made a major mistake ,  and laid the love - juice on some true - love's sight .	0
here is your husband ,  like a mildew'd ear blasting his wholesome brother .	0
as crazy as the sea and wind ,  when both fight over which is mightier .	0
here he comes .	0
i know it is the sun that shines so bright .	0
i will ,  my lord .	0
but all this did i know before .	0
when shall we come to th' top of that same hill ?	0
did it really work ?	0
and mine ,  two hundred .	0
give me the proof i can see; or ,  by the worth of man's eternal soul ,  you would’ve been better born a dog than answer my aroused anger !	0
no, i warrant you; i will not adventure my discre- tion so weakly.	0
but let that go .	0
that can’t happen .	0
ah ,  my good lord ,  what have i seen tonight !	0
soft ,  soft !	0
thus then in brief: the valiant paris seeks you for his love.	0
none in the world; i don’t know the man.	0
nay ,  but he prated and spoke such scurvy and provoking terms against your honor that ,  with the little godliness i have ,  i did full hard forbear him .	0
by this hand ,  claudio shall render me a dear account .	0
go ,  get thee gone ,  i say .	0
turn back, dull earth, and find out where your center is.	0
take up those ropes.	0
what i’m saying is ,  your jealousy has pushed your husband away from his sanity .	0
these things seem small and undistinguishable ,  like far - off mountains turned into clouds .	0
now ,  banished kent ,  if thou canst serve where thou dost stand condemned ,  so may it come thy master ,  whom thou lovest ,  shall find thee full of labors .	0
a cup ,  closed in my true love’s hand ?	0
i will plague them all, even to roaring.	0
you have her father’s love ,  demetrius .	0
he is full so valiant, and in his commendations i am fed; it is a banquet to me.	0
what do you see ?	0
let it be a quarrel between us ,  if you live .	0
come away ,  servant ,  come .	0
yes ,  good my lord .	0
do as i bid thee, go.	0
old cassius, be still!	0
but this reasoning is not in the fashion to choose me a husband:—o me ,  the word choose !	0
i can’t tell you anything else .	0
how say you ,  then ?	0
and you the judges ,  bear a wary eye .	0
not i ,  my lord .	0
this is a bad joke of theirs to frighten me .	0
it isn’t proper for you to know how much caesar loved you .	0
my lord ,  could i have a word with you ?	0
it is a poison tempered by himself .	0
go to thy cold bed and warm thee .	0
where should we have our thanks ?	0
lady!	0
come on ,  sir .	0
my lord, on the platform where we watched.	0
i don’t know .	0
what ?	0
i will not speak with her.	0
there art thou happy .	0
now civil wounds are stopped ,  peace lives again .	0
god keep your ladyship still in that mind ,  so some gentle -  man or other shall ’scape a predestinate scratched face .	0
well, i will thither.	0
no, messala.	0
o my dear brother !	0
go you and prepare aliena ,  for look you ,  here comes my rosalind .	0
his employment between his lord and my niece confirms no less .	0
good morning ,  worthy caesar .	0
let the king have the letters i have sent ,  and come to see me with as much haste as you would fly death .	0
my blessing season this in thee !	0
would i had met my dearest foe in heaven or ever i had seen that day, horatio!	0
relent, sweet hermia; and, lysander, yield thy crazed title to my certain right.	0
claudius !	0
see, they encounter thee with their hearts’ thanks.	0
you come with me ,  uncle of exeter .	0
because my name is george .	0
fear him not, caesar; he's not dangerous; he is a noble roman and well given.	0
and here comes pyramus .	0
mark'd ye his words ?	0
it was you we laughed at.	0
ay, but not yet to die.	0
who doth he gallop withal ?	0
ay ,  so please your majesty .	0
o loving hate!	0
never alone did the king sigh ,  but with a general groan .	0
so calm down .	0
speak .	0
but let me beg you ,  by the rights of our fellowship ,  by the harmony of our youth ,  by the obligation of our ever preserved love ,  and by anything else that could charge you to be even and direct with me ,  were you were sent for or not ?	0
i should be angry with you if the time were convenient .	0
she is too fair ,  too wise ,  wisely too fair ,  to merit bliss by making me despair .	0
we have here written to norway, uncle of young fortinbras, who, impotent and bed-rid, knows nothing of his nephew's intentions, to stop his further progress in this plan because the levies, the lists, and full proportions are all made without his knowledge, and we are sending you, good cornelius, and you, voltimand, to take this greeting to old norway, without giving you any further personal power to do business with the king, more than the scope of these detailed items allow.	0
how did you lose your breath ?	0
very like a whale.	0
let him write down the prince’s officer  “ coxcomb .  ”  come ,  bind them . —thou naughty varlet !	0
i am glad thou canst speak no better english ,  for if thou couldst ,  thou wouldst find me such a plain king that thou wouldst think i had sold my farm to buy my crown .	0
they got what they deserved .	0
o heavens !	0
i did not think you could have been so angry.	0
how came that widow in ?	0
the obscure bird clamored the livelong night .	0
let him come in .	0
indeed ,  she is a very fresh and delicate creature .	0
i would fain prove so.	0
it’s amazing ,  if i may say so ,  that she let herself be tamed .	0
so much was his pleasure should be proclaimed .	0
you are only a soldier .	0
from both ,  my lord .	0
there was even more foolishness ,  if i could only remember it .	0
ah, juliet, if the measure of thy joy be heap'd like mine, and that thy skill be more to blazon it, then sweeten with thy breath this neighbour air, and let rich music's tongue unfold the imagin'd happiness that both receive in either by this dear encounter.	0
thou art as wise as thou art beautiful .	0
why, look you now, how unworthy a thing you make of me!	0
i beg you to tell me your name so i can use it in my prayers .	0
why ,  but there’s many a man hath more hair than wit .	0
shall any other man be killed besides caesar?	0
i won’t be eating at home; i have to meet the captains at the fortress.	0
then i'll be brief.	0
you had better go in .	0
oh ,  cassius ,  brutus gave the orders too soon .	0
do as i asked you .	0
i don’t feel so well ,  but i won’t stop .	0
how appears the fight ?	0
not i ,  believe me .	0
we'll teach you to drink a lot before you leave!	0
it was just that the showiness of his grief sent me into a fury .	0
do so, and let no man abide this deed but we the doers.	0
confusion has now made his masterpiece !	0
if i once get angry, and only lift this arm, the best of you shall sink in my scolding.	0
is there a scale here to weigh the flesh ?	0
the duke my father loved his father dearly .	0
by sinel's death i know i am thane of glamis; but how of cawdor?	0
dost thou not laugh?	0
harp on it still shall i till heart - strings break .	0
but what did you want ?	0
that monster habit, who eats all sense, of all evil habits is an angel in this, that in order to use fair and good actions, he likewise gives a dress or uniform that is ready to wear.	0
don’t be her maid ,  since she is so jealous .	0
i gave thee mine before thou didst request it ,  and yet i would it were to give again .	0
why ,  how now ,  dromio .	0
i will speak to this fellow . —whose grave’s this ,  sirrah ?	0
to prayers ,  to prayers !	0
give me, give me!	0
that was my lady's voice .	0
most noble antony !	0
silence !	0
don’t waste any time .	0
we are the makers of manners ,  kate ,  and the liberty that follows our places stops the mouth of all find -  faults ,  as i will do yours for upholding the nice fashion of your country in denying me a kiss .	0
you’ll find out everything in due time .	0
i beg you, go with me.	0
it has been done already ,  and the messenger is on his way .	0
without ,  my lord; guarded ,  to know your pleasure .	0
give him direction for this merry bond ,  and i will go and purse the ducats straight ,  see to my house left in the fearful guard of an unthrifty knave ,  and presently i will be with you .	0
this way, my lord; the castle's gently render'd.	0
i remember him well; and i remember him worthy of thy praise .	0
he attendeth here hard by to know your answer whether you’ll admit him .	0
o mighty caesar !	0
i' th' air or th' earth ?	0
awake ,  my lords !	0
what misadventure is so early up ,  that calls our person from our morning rest ?	0
riotous madness ,  to be entangled with those mouth - made vows which break themselves in swearing !	0
fulvia ?	0
work you ,  then .	0
where love is great, the littlest doubts are fear; where little fears grow great, great love grows there.	0
at pembroke ,  or at harfordwest in wales .	0
i can write very like my lady your niece: on a forgotten matter we can hardly make distinction of our hands .	0
then music with her silver sound with speedy help doth lend redress.’ what a pestilent knave is this same!	0
an eagle ,  madam ,  is not as green ,  as quick ,  and hasn’t so beautiful an eye as paris has .	0
what an annoying man ,  this guy is !	0
unreal mockery ,  here !	0
i’ll go for a short walk to calm down my feverish mind .	0
yes ,  ”  said my husband ,   “ did you fall on your face ?	0
why ,  uncle ,  ’tis a shame .	0
princes and counties !	0
the fiend is strong within him .	0
the king hath heard them ,  to the which as yet there is no answer made .	0
my story does raise that question .	0
will you cover, then, sir?	0
who chooseth me must give and hazard all he hath .  ”  must give—for what ?	0
therefore depart and leave him here with me .	0
but ’tis gone .	0
do you not come your tardy son to chide ,  that ,  lapsed in time and passion ,  lets go by the important acting of your dread command ?	0
here is a friar, and dead romeo's man, with instruments on him that are fit to open these dead men's tombs.	0
should we go inside ?	0
cassio ,  how did you come by that handkerchief that was my wife's ?	0
tis brief ,  my lord .	0
he was on his way here with your wife .	0
are not you he that frights the maidens of the villagery, skim milk, and sometimes labor in the quern, and bootless make the breathless housewife churn, and sometime make the drink to bear no barm, mislead night-wanderers, laughing at their harm?	0
how ,  how ,  how ,  how ,  choplogic ?	0
i don’t care if all the devils in hell crammed together to possess him ,  i still want to speak to him .	0
this presence knows ,  and you must needs have heard ,  how i am punish'd with sore distraction .	0
death of thy soul !	0
indeed ,  i should have ask'd you that before .	0
leave me, iago.	0
now that’s patience !	0
doth fortune play the huswife with me now ?	0
i am ashamed that women are so simple to offer war where they should kneel for peace; or seek for rule ,  supremacy and sway when they are bound to serve ,  love ,  and obey .	0
i anger her sometimes ,  and tell her that paris is the more proper man; but i'll guarantee you ,  when i say so ,  she looks as pale as any linen in the whole ,  wide world .	0
this will only lead to another argument if i stay longer.	0
the dust from your attending troops should have risen to heaven .	0
what do you say ,  my lord ?	0
come, come with me, and we will make short work; for, by your leaves, you shall not stay alone till holy church incorporate two in one.	0
why do we wrap the gentleman in our more rare breath ?	0
the heavens themselves blaze forth the death of princes .	0
did you say cassio ?	0
maid’s mild behavior and sobriety .	0
why should he stay whom love presses to go ?	0
my lord, i do not know, but truly i do fear it.	0
speak the part, i beg you, as i read it to you, lightly on your tongue.	0
please ,  who ?	0
it would cost you a night in bed to take the edge off me .	0
it’s nice of you to remind me .	0
stanley ,  pay attention to your wife’s doings .	0
the skin is good for your cracked head .	0
madam, i am not well.	0
o devil ,  devil !	0
from this time forward ,  i’ll never speak word .	0
my servants might overhear ,  and old gremio is still hanging around ,  so we might be interrupted .	0
where do i live?	0
i would she were in heaven ,  so she could entreat some power to change this currish jew .	0
who's there ?	0
haply the seas ,  and countries different ,  with variable objects shall expel this something - settled matter in his heart ,  whereon his brains still beating puts him thus from fashion of himself .	0
did you give the finger to us, sir?	0
follow and see to it that nothing serious happens between them .	0
that really is an illegitimate hope .	0
i am a very foolish fond old man ,  fourscore and upward ,  not an hour more nor less .	0
just give me a moment ,  please—only a moment .	0
you’ll be my witness that i’ve been forced ,  as pompey was ,  to wager all of our freedoms on one battle .	0
even then this forkèd plague is fated to us when we do quicken .	0
i’m ready.	0
almost at odds with morning, which is which.	0
i’ve fought my way through obstacles twenty times more terrifying than you with this weapon .	0
good morrow ,  benedick .	0
murder most foul ,  as in the best it is; but this most foul ,  strange ,  and unnatural .	0
something of moment then.	0
if i last in this service ,  you must case me in leather .	0
words before blows.	0
yes ,  those are the best clothes .	0
i’ll go to the right side .	0
are they as popular as they used to be when i lived in the city ?	0
get started, i beg you, on this speedy voyage, for we will control this fear, which now goes about too freely.	0
excuse me ,  sir ?	0
my pulse does temperately keep time like yours, and is just as healthful as yours.	0
what is the matter here ?	0
no .	0
grab down benches.	0
is that the naked guy ?	0
i am bound to hear .	0
that was a humorous message .	0
my old brain is troubled .	0
he waxes desperate with imagination .	0
thou'ldst never fear the net nor lime, the pitfall nor the gin.	0
if you don’t need it for some important reason ,  then give it back to me .	0
upon the platform ,  ’twixt eleven and twelve ,  i’ll visit you .	0
we killed those men and sent them to rest in peace so that we could gain our own peace .	0
what ,  my good lord ?	0
good !	0
what mean you ,  caesar ?	0
see ,  who comes here ?	0
come on ,  gentle my lord ,  sleek o'er your rugged looks; be bright and jovial among your guests tonight .	0
come hither ,  sirrah .	0
your songs?	0
your majesty ,  and we that have free souls ,  it touches us not .	0
i’ll mend it and then play— where’s the queen ?	0
your false uncle— are you listening to me?	0
no more ,  please; i am half afraid you will now say he is related to you ,  you spend such so many words in praising him .	0
your sister’s sister .	0
he went just left, and certainly in a strange state of upset.	0
now is it time to arm .	0
no ,  i assure you; the wall is down that parted their fathers .	0
now ,  my titania ,  wake you ,  my sweet queen .	0
no ,  my dearest love ,  i wouldn’t for the world .	0
this is no answer ,  you unfeeling man ,  to excuse the flowing of your cruelty .	0
well, let him go.	0
the second rooster has crowed, the curfew bell has rung, it’s three o'clock.	0
you have to come with me .	0
wait ,  don’t rush !	0
and pardon me ,  my gentle gratiano; for that same scrubbed boy ,  the doctor's clerk ,  in lieu of this last night did lie with me .	0
he’s as brave as a fox .	0
exceedingly ,  my lord; it is very sultry ,  as 'twere—i can -  not tell how .	0
macbeth!	0
we’ll bury him ,  and then we’ll commit acts as brave and fine as any romans ,  and make death proud to take us .	0
cassio, my lord!	0
when the poor cried ,  caesar cried too .	0
no tongue, all eyes!	0
will i hear from you soon ?	0
you look tired .	0
sir ,  a word before you go .	0
you ,  niece .	0
let it be written in eight and eight .	0
then ,  gentlemen ,  we can count on trouble .	0
here at the door; i pray you ,  call them in .	0
this guy will tell us everything .	0
now a noble heart breaks .	0
you won’t be striking me down ,  but defeating caesar .	0
yes, but the clerk that never means to do it, unless he lives until he is a man.	0
art thou afeard to be the same in thine own act and valor as thou art in desire ?	0
may it please your highness ,  sit .	0
madam ,  here comes my lord .	0
now when thou wakest with thine own fool's eyes peep .	0
i’ll leave you without revealing any emotion ,  like a man of steel .	0
yes, so i thought.	0
alas, then she is drowned?	0
your voice shall be as strong as any man’s in the disposing of new dignities .	0
and let him practice his music .	0
don’t saints and holy pilgrims have lips too ?	0
committed !	0
if it had been painful ,  i would not have come .	0
is it so nominated in the bond ?	0
my lord ,  we will not .	0
in the meantime, please think i am too occupied with my fears, as there are strong reasons to fear i am, and consider her innocent, i beg your honor.	0
untimely storms make men expect a dearth .	0
no ,  none that you’re smart enough to make .	0
ha!	0
lord ,  ”  quoth he ?	0
prove that the men you call your fathers did truly conceive you .	0
tonight we’ll wander through the streets and observe the people .	0
he calls me  “ boy ”  and chides as he had power to beat me out of egypt .	0
which of you two did dine with me today ?	0
thou and thy meaner fellows your last service did worthily perform ,  and i must use you in such another trick .	0
tell me .	0
one of them shows that the death of cassio was to be undertaken by roderigo .	0
o cassius, you’re connected to a lamb that carries anger as a match makes fire, who, very irritated, shows a hasty spark, and right away is cold again.	0
the whole quarrel might have been resolved since then when we repaid what we stole from them—which most of our city did ,  for the sake of friendly trade relations .	0
why ,  give it to my wife ,  and fetch your money .	0
i could not send it—here it is again— nor get a messenger to bring it thee, so fearful were they of infection.	0
there ,  take it ,  prince ,  and if my form lie there ,  then i am yours .	0
and i remember the kissing of her batler ,  and the cow’s dugs that her pretty chopped hands had milked .	0
oh fates !	0
i have it on me here .	0
follow ,  and see there be no harm between them .	0
within the bond of marriage ,  tell me ,  brutus ,  is it excepted i should know no secrets that appertain to you ?	0
i’ll follow you ,  my lord .	0
you are welcome: take your place .	0
he was dressed so oddly too !	0
well, sir.	0
you must not put another scandal on him ,  that he is open to incontinency .	0
i know ’t—my sister’s .	0
o, royal caesar!	0
from me ,  whose love was of that dignity that it went hand in hand even with the vow i made to her in marriage ,  and to decline upon a wretch whose natural gifts were poor to those of mine .	0
happy indeed ,  the way we have spent the day .	0
tis here !	0
sir ,  i say to you it is thought you are false knaves .	0
no ,  great king .	0
canst thou ,  when thou command’st the beggar’s knee ,  command the health of it ?	0
by heaven ,  it is as proper to our age to cast beyond ourselves in our opinions as it is common for the younger sort to lack discretion .	0
why, there was a crown offered to him, and when it was offered to him, he pushed it away with the back of his hand, like this, and then the people started shouting.	0
will you abandon her ?	0
o ,  he's a lovely gentleman !	0
how long do you intend to stay within this forest?	0
come ,  come; cut thread and thrum; quail ,  rush ,  conclude ,  and quell !	0
swear.	0
i’ll make you amends next ,  to give you nothing for something .	0
here ,  here !	0
i would i knew not why it should be slow'd .	0
what did he say?	0
we will sit here and let the sounds of music creep into our ears; soft stillness and the night compliment the touches of sweet harmony .	0
faith ,  i must ,  or else she'll raise a ruckus in the street .	0
i have o'ershot myself to tell you of it.	0
if ever you were yourself ,  and these woes yours ,  you and these woes were all for rosaline .	0
if you were men ,  as you are men on the outside ,  you wouldn’t use a gentle lady like this: to vow ,  and swear ,  and super - praise my parts ,  when i am sure you hate me with your hearts .	0
with an eye of green in't .	0
in any case ,  let thisbe have clean linen; and let not him that plays the lion pare his nails ,  for they shall hang out for the lion's claws .	0
this is my daughter's dowry, for i can command no more.	0
why ,  gloucester ,  gloucester ,  i’d speak with the duke of cornwall and his wife .	0
and mustardseed!	0
another case: hugh capet ,  who usurped the crown from charles the duke of lorraine—sole male heir in a direct line from charles the great—passed himself off as heir to lady lingare ,  daughter of charlemagne ,  who was the son of lewis the emperor (who was the son of charles the great) ,  in order to give his claim to the throne more validity (though ,  in fact ,  the claim was completely false and worthless) .	0
good lord !	0
we should rip off your man’s clothing and show the world the woman who has represented her own kind so badly .	0
i shall win at the odds .	0
no, i don’t know.	0
what angel wakes me from my flowery bed ?	0
and mustardseed !	0
stand close; this is the same athenian.	0
come; brands, oh!	0
yes ,  ’tis emilia . — 'tis like she comes to speak of cassio’s death ,  the noise was high .	0
macbeth !	0
mend ”  me ,  you impertinent fellow ?	0
god save you ,  worthy general !	0
o trespass sweetly urg'd!	0
now i perceive they have conjoin'd all three to fashion this false sport ,  in spite of me .	0
scold me a lot ,  emilia ,  i was ,  unhandsome warrior as i am ,  charging his unkindness with a crime of my soul; but now i find i had falsely testified ,  and he's falsely accused .	0
well ,  you have made a foolish choice .	0
as kill a king?	0
i wouldn’t commit so serious a crime for anything .	0
take you, as 'twere, some distant knowledge of him, as thus, ‘i know his father and his friends, and in part him.’ do you mark this, reynaldo?	0
and while thou liv’st ,  dear kate ,  take a fellow of plain and uncoined constancy ,  for he perforce must do thee right because he hath not the gift to woo in other places .	0
the law allows it ,  and the court awards it .	0
some heavenly power guide us out of this fearful country!	0
that’s too long . —servants ,  leave her and me alone .	0
write down  “ master gentleman conrade .  ” —gentlemen ,  are you good christians ,  and do you serve god ?	0
the inherited estate!	0
your constancy hath left you unattended .	0
beautiful ladies ,  you drop holy bread in the way of starved people .	0
you’re talking about killing ?	0
no ,  cousin ,  i’m crying .	0
my lord ,  his majesty bade me signify to you that he has laid a great wager on your head .	0
go to the pulpit ,  brutus .	0
so ,  she’s in on this too !	0
i shall be saved by my husband; he has made me a christian.	0
how long have you been a sectary astronomical ?	0
touch me not so near: i had rather have this tongue cut from my mouth than it should do offense to michael cassio; yet ,  i persuade myself ,  to speak the truth shall nothing wrong him .	0
a hundred then .	0
stop harry of england ,  who is now sweeping through our land with banners drenched in the french blood he spilled at harfleur .	0
those that macbeth hath slain.	0
maybe ?	0
so all hail, macbeth and banquo!	0
good night .	0
sweet remembrancer!	0
you torture me ,  tubal: it was my turquoise ring; i got from leah ,  my wife ,  when i was still single; i wouldn’t have traded it for a wilderness of monkeys .	0
her reputation was as pure as the snow ,  but now it’s as dirty and black as my own face .	0
abhorrèd slave, which any print of goodness wilt not take, being capable of all ill!	0
make me see it ; or at the least prove it so that the accusation has no hinges or loops to hang a doubt on ,  or woe on your life !	0
o, this is hire and salary, not revenge!	0
i fear his looks, and i doubt his reasons.	0
and you have mercy too !	0
my lord ,  your promise for the earldom— richmond !	0
it is said they ate each other .	0
love’s not love when it is mingled with regards that stands aloof from th' entire point .	0
ladies that have their toes unplagu'd with corns will have a bout with you .	0
how came he dead ?	0
and his voice is the paramour of sweetness .	0
all which we pine for now .	0
sir ,  octavius is already come to rome .	0
let us deal justly .	0
she swoons to see them bleed .	0
who would do so ?	0
curse the day !	0
past the mid season .	0
mark antony ,  should we give the signal to attack ?	0
cassio’s not dead ?	0
the general cause ?	0
and ,  gentle master ,  i received no gold .	0
there is a way ,  ma'am .	0
sir ,  in my heart there was a kind of fighting that would not let me sleep .	0
hold on a second .	0
tybalt ,  the kinsman to old capulet ,  hath sent a letter to his father's house .	0
then will i come to my mother by and by.	0
why ,  dear me ,  kate !	0
now cracks a noble heart .	0
with what i get ,  i mean ,  as they do .	0
he’s a devil ,  a born devil ,  who can never be trained .	0
it’s about you .	0
if the balance of our lives had not one scale of reason to poise another of sensuality, the blood and baseness of our natures would conduct us to most preposterous conclusions.	0
he’s ready; get closer and back him up .	0
what features ?	0
our general cast us thus early for the love of his desdemona; who let us not therefore blame.	0
i have not heard the clock .	0
hold ,  then .	0
wake when some vile thing is near.	0
a man may fish with the worm that hath eat of a king ,  and eat of the fish that hath fed of that worm .	0
you left him out in the storm in the black night ,  bareheaded ,  a storm so terrible that if it had happened at sea ,  the waters would have risen up and extinguished the fire burning in the stars .	0
you did.	0
servant, go get drier logs.	0
but can i have some hope ?	0
and that’s true too .	0
that handkerchief which i so loved and gave thee thou gavest to cassio.	0
tis a fault i will not change for your best virtue .	0
but let her live .	0
lady!	0
you don’t ?	0
i'll go and chat with paris.	0
swell ,  bosom ,  with thy fraught ,  for ’tis of aspics' tongues !	0
pray thee ,  corporal ,  stay .	0
your attendant asses are getting the horses ready .	0
i think it doth .	0
what’s that noise ?	0
these outbursts of yours don’t even look like real fear .	0
i wonder that you will still be talking ,  signor benedick .	0
had all his hairs been lives, my great revenge had stomach for them all.	0
it is the green - eyed monster which doth mock the meat it feeds on .	0
here ,  peter quince .	0
please ,  signior gremio .	0
what’s the matter ?	0
how now ,  cousin hero !	0
go hang yourselves ,  all of you !	0
what, man!	0
the people are on my side ,  and i’m in charge of the sea .	0
what you say may be true ,  because my face is not mine .	0
my niece shall take note of it ,  and assure thyself ,  there is no love - broker in the world can more prevail in man’s commendation with woman than report of valor .	0
help ,  ho !	0
a norman was't ?	0
what, are you crazy?	0
if this were played upon a stage now ,  i could condemn it as an improbable fiction .	0
know this much.	0
i don’t deny it .	0
the queen ,  my lord ,  is dead .	0
how doth that royal merchant, good antonio?	0
a horned man's a monster and a beast .	0
still as the grave .	0
but ,  uncle ,  you know how to bear with him .	0
sweetheart!	0
who are you ,  slave ?	0
therefore ,  by law ,  you are condemned to die .	0
dead.	0
oh ,  you’re wrong .	0
the reason i think he’s insane ,  besides the way he just acted ,  is that he told a senseless story over lunch about being locked out of his own house .	0
no ,  let me know; and knowing what i am ,  i know what she shall be .	0
why ,  it stood by her .	0
be merciful ,  say death; for exile has more terror in his look ,  much more than death; do not say banishment .	0
o my fair warrior !	0
my father loved sir rowland as much as he loved his own soul ,  and the rest of the world shared my father’s opinion .	0
there let him sink ,  and be the seas on him !	0
ratcliffe ,  about the mid of night come to my tent and help to arm me .	0
how purposed ,  sir ,  i pray you ?	0
is it your own desire to come here ?	0
o ,  yes ,  and went between us very oft .	0
if they refuse to come ,  get physical—use a whip if you have to ,  but get them out here to their husbands .	0
me quiet !	0
oh ,  what a villain !	0
murder!	0
hence!	0
a pox on drowning yourself !	0
always give him his way .	0
i would forget it fain; but o ,  it presses to my memory like damned guilty deeds to sinners’ minds !	0
prithee ,  if thou lovest me ,  tell me .	0
let’s go, my good men!	0
bring us the letters .	0
tybalt ,  do you lie there in your bloody sheet ?	0
not so ,  not so .	0
so ,  again ,  good night .	0
o heavenly powers!	0
and then came pyramus .	0
he’s a good fellow ,  i can tell you that .	0
o, these flaws and starts, impostors to true fear, would well become a woman's story at a winter's fire, authorized by her grandam.	0
you are merry, my lord.	0
which of you—if you were a prince’s son being pent from liberty ,  as i am now— if two such murderers as yourselves came to you ,  would not entreat for life ?	0
my life ,  sir !	0
no words can express the pain .	0
god and your work be praised ,  victorious friends .	0
send thither to see .	0
look ,  my love ,  what are those streaks of light in the clouds parting in the east ?	0
take our good meaning, for our judgment sits five times in that ere once in our five wits.	0
with all my heart .	0
i was with hercules and cadmus once, when in a wood of crete they bay'd the bear with hounds of sparta; never did i hear such gallant chiding, for, besides the groves, the skies, the fountains, every region near seem'd all one mutual cry.	0
you must not deny me .	0
if i only had the means to compete with one of them, i have a mind that predicts such good luck for me that i will undoubtedly be a very lucky one.	0
we are men, my liege.	0
no ,  no ,  we will hold it as a dream till it appear itself .	0
i will prophesy he comes to tell me of the players .	0
there are many events in the womb of time which will be delivered .	0
why, worthy thane, you do unbend your noble strength, to think so brainsickly of things.	0
francis flute ,  the bellows - repairman ?	0
if thou doubt it ,  thou mayst slide from my shoulder to my heel with no greater a run but my head and my neck .	0
to ferdinand] one word more: i order you that you wait on me .	0
but these cannot i command to any utterance of harmony .	0
stop her there !	0
it’s only four o'clock now .	0
you are a senator !	0
don’t worry .	0
why should we do this ?	0
yes ,  she said that .	0
but who is here ?	0
they say there are only five people on it .	0
had i plantation of this isle ,  my lord— he’d sow ’t with nettle seed .	0
i would not for the wealth of all the town do him disrespect here in my house.	0
i’ll read it aloud .	0
apothecary !	0
oh ,  well .	0
consider then ,  we come but in despite .	0
sirrah ,  i’ll teach thee a speech .	0
that’s just what he said in the letter .	0
therefore be happy ,  cassio; because your lawyer would rather die than lose your case .	0
that’s true ,  my good boy . —come on ,  take us to that hut .	0
yes ,  my lord ,  quite well .	0
now i see it is true, because banquo, with his hair matted with blood smiles upon me, and points at them for his.	0
belike ’tis but a rumor .	0
let witchcraft join with beauty ,  lust with both .	0
i do not think there is any such woman .	0
an unauthorized kiss .	0
he hath refus'd it in the open court; he shall have merely justice and his bond.	0
thank you, your majesty.	0
great god of heaven ,  say amen to all !	0
if he speaks anything against me ,  i'll take him down ,  even if he were lustier than he is ,  and twenty such jacks; and if i cannot ,  i'll find those that shall .	0
but if you mouth it ,  as many of our players do ,  i had as lief the town - crier spoke my lines .	0
no ,  just help me unpin this .	0
if hamlet give the first or second hit or quit in answer of the third exchange ,  let all the battlements their ordnance fire !	0
proculeius ,  what thou hast done thy master caesar knows ,  and he hath sent for thee .	0
therefore lay bare your bosom .	0
there's another .	0
speak the word along.	0
a norman, was it?	0
this falls out better than i could devise .	0
what sin committed !	0
o sir ,  i do ,  and will repute you ever the patron of my life and liberty .	0
cold ,  cold ,  my girl ,  even like thy chastity .	0
but if i ran away from the jew ,  i’d be following the advice of the devil ,  who’s the very devil himself .	0
but how ?	0
indeed ,  the top of admiration; worth what's dearest to the world !	0
then lead the way ,  good father; and heavens so shine that they may fairly note this act of mine .	0
well, go home.	0
oh ,  you evil woman !	0
then don’t make yourself too conspicuous .	0
alas ,  what cry is that ?	0
in such a night dido stood with a willow in her hand on the wild banks of the sea, and sent her love to return to carthage.	0
ha !	0
tut ,  a toy !	0
go ,  do what i have told you .	0
o brave monster!	0
tell me not, friar, that thou hear'st of this, unless thou tell me how i may prevent it.	0
let them guard the door .	0
we must speak by the book or lying will undo us .	0
nay ,  but i bar to - night; you shall not gage me by what we do to - night .	0
and so do i too ,  lieutenant .	0
o, relation too nice, and yet too true!	0
o ,  wilt thou leave me so unsatisfied ?	0
o cassio ,  cassio ,  cassio !	0
believe me, i can’t.	0
my god ,  it’s the same one i gave the judge !	0
they all fell asleep together ,  as if they’d planned it .	0
do this immediately ,  and send him packing .	0
give room!	0
is the king stirring ,  worthy thane ?	0
i thank you, valiant cassio.	0
the worms were hallowed that did breed the silk ,  and it was dyed in mummy which the skillful conserved of maidens' hearts .	0
i’ll say good - bye now .	0
the, shouldn’t i smother in the vault, where there is no fresh air, and i will die there, strangled, before my romeo comes?	0
i drunk!	0
proceed ,  moon .	0
a noose pardon him !	0
only to be honest and give it to you again .	0
let me say  “ amen ”  betimes ,  lest the devil cross my prayer ,  for here he comes in the likeness of a jew .	0
why ,  well .	0
what was he that you followed with your sword?	0
crazy for your love?	0
from hamlet?	0
there lies that same tybalt .	0
honest nurse, farewell.	0
therefore with frank and with uncurbèd plainness tell us the dauphin’s mind .	0
he says he’ll come .	0
the ides of march are here .	0
how shalt thou hope for mercy ,  rendering none ?	0
there’s no masquerade tonight .	0
light !	0
richard ,  the duke of gloucester ,  is very dangerous ,  and the queen’s sons and brothers are haughty and proud—it would be better for this ailing country if they were subjects ,  not rulers .	0
ay, but their sense is shut.	0
for mine own part—no offense to the general ,  nor any man of quality—i hope to be saved .	0
right on cue ,  here’s the duke himself .	0
if the cat will after kind ,  so ,  be sure ,  will rosalind .	0
when i have plucked thy rose i cannot give it vital growth again ,  it must needs wither .	0
so hangs, and lolls, and weeps on me; so hales and pulls me.	0
a bitter fool .	0
get out !	0
romeo!	0
search high and low ,  in every acre of the fields ,  and bring him here for me to see him .	0
tis pity of him .	0
toward chertsey ,  noble lord ?	0
i beseech you, sir, go; my young master doth expect your reproach.	0
season your admiration for a while with an attent ear, till i may deliver upon the witness of these gentlemen, this marvel to you.	0
you are a remarkable person and your loss is equally remarkable .	0
what ,  lamb !	0
if ill, why hath it given me earnest of success, commencing in a truth?	0
when was it she last walked?	0
here ,  peter quince .	0
this mean task of mine would be as heavy to me as hateful, except that the mistress i serve makes alive what's dead, and makes my labors pleasurable: oh!	0
revive, look up, or i will die with thee!	0
brutus speaks .	0
here comes the furious tybalt back again .	0
what light through yonder window breaks?	0
how well my comfort is revived by this !	0
servant - monster ”  ?	0
help, ho!	0
i would not change it .	0
what’s this ,  my lord ?	0
thine ,  claudio ,  thine ,  i say .	0
what noise?	0
i’ll wait till his beard grows in ,  if you’ll just hurry up and tell me what chin that beard is on .	0
they are afoot .	0
you dare easier be friends with me than fight with mine enemy .	0
tis better thee without than he within .	0
the time between six and now must be spent most preciously by us both .	0
and they that are most gallèd with my folly ,  they most must laugh .	0
wherefore ?	0
they hold up adam's profession .	0
hie thee ,  gentle jew .	0
that a monster should be such a natural !	0
i’ll go with you .	0
very gladly .	0
you shall not go out of your house today .	0
no such matter !	0
i should have been more unfriendly, i must confess, but you overheard, before i was aware of you, my true love’s passion.	0
let me be satisfied .	0
i thank you ,  valiant cassio .	0
but few of any sort ,  and none of name .	0
i will confess it to all the 'orld .	0
a knavish speech sleeps in a foolish ear.	0
why so earnestly seek you to put up that letter ?	0
a king ,  perhaps— my lord— how is it that the prophet didn’t tell me at the time that i would kill him ?	0
i don’t think you’re treating me fairly .	0
ay ,  by my life ,  and never did desire to see thee more .	0
go get my best clothes .	0
ay ,  sir .	0
he left this ring behind him ,  would i or not .	0
miserable england ,  i prophesy the fearfull’st time to thee that ever wretched age hath looked upon . — come ,  lead me to the block .	0
but will my rosalind do this ,  too ?	0
lord ,  lord !	0
i have done ill ,  of which i do accuse myself so sorely that i will joy no more .	0
good, i will expect you.	0
the day will come when you’ll wish i could help you cast spells against this poisonous ,  hunchbacked toad .	0
canidius and the rest that fell away have entertainment but no honorable trust .	0
i'll do it ,  but it doesn’t like me .	0
my good lord, please re-phrase what you’re saying, and don’t give me answers so far away from my question.	0
honestly ,  she is too ill - tempered .	0
a good moral ,  my lord: it is not enough to speak ,  but to speak true .	0
civil wounds now can heal ,  and peace can live again .	0
please don’t take my niece the wrong way ,  sir .	0
this play is the image of a murder done in vienna.	0
may i know ?	0
fare you well.	0
we'll act up like french falconers: fly at anything we see.	0
shall i redeliver you e'en so?	0
there he is .	0
if i have killed your children ,  i will have children with your daughter .	0
romeo will answer it .	0
till noon ?	0
dead you are, dead!	0
why should titania cross her oberon?	0
just listen a little more ,  and i’ll bring you up to date about the present situation ,  which is the whole reason i’m telling you this story in the first place .	0
why seek’st thou me ?	0
i heard that julius caesar got fat from all the feasting there .	0
answer me like men .	0
she’s obedient—a fine lady .	0
a fourth!	0
what’s the prize ?	0
are not you he that frights the maidens of the villagery ,  skim milk ,  and sometimes labor in the quern ,  and bootless make the breathless housewife churn ,  and sometime make the drink to bear no barm ,  mislead night - wanderers ,  laughing at their harm ?	0
it may be, very like.	0
my lord ?	0
and when your honors mean to solemnize the bargain of your faith ,  i do beseech you even at that time i may be married too .	0
we have cause to be glad that matters are so well digested .	0
antonio is a good man .	0
come on my right hand ,  for this ear is deaf ,  and tell me truly what thou think'st of him .	0
that’s very soon .	0
thou hast seen a farmer’s dog bark at a beggar ?	0
buy food and get thyself in flesh .	0
go ahead, if it will not stand.	0
can a good thing hide itself ?	0
i’m going to make you a rich man .	0
when good manners shall lie all in one or two men's hands ,  and they unwash'd too ,  'tis a foul thing .	0
dead art thou, dead!	0
i think it lacks of twelve .	0
my brother and your uncle ,  called antonio— please ,  listen to me , —that a brother should be so guilty of breaking a trust ! —he ,  whom i loved in all the world ,  after you ,  and i let him manage of my city ,  since ,  at that time ,  it was the first of all the cities ,  and prospero the best duke ,  being considered so in dignity ,  and for the liberal arts ,  without equal: since these two items took up all my time in study ,  i cast the government on my brother ,  and i became a stranger to my city ,  being absorbed and wrapped up in my secret studies .	0
have you eyes ?	0
young son, it argues a distempered head so soon to bid good morrow to thy bed.	0
scurvy knave!	0
close by, my master.	0
i’ll follow you .	0
so you took pleasure in bringing me this message ?	0
look out ,  i’m on my way up .	0
everyone there got a little crazy and pulled some desperate stunts .	0
where is lysander and fair hermia ?	0
i want you to do some things for our wedding ,  and i also want to discuss something that concerns you both .	0
no ,  he’s not .	0
and therefore ,  i pray thee ,  news .	0
sir ,  it’s your brother ,  cassius ,  at the door ,  who wants to see you .	0
famine is in thy cheeks .	0
shall i have the thought to think on this ,  and shall i lack the thought that such a thing bechanced would make me sad ?	0
why ,  man ,  he doth bestride the narrow world like a colossus ,  and we petty men walk under his huge legs and peep about to find ourselves dishonorable graves .	0
madam ,  your mother craves a word with you .	0
more ,  please ,  more .	0
that every  “ like ”  isn’t the same ,  o caesar ,  that the heart of brutus yearns to think about !	0
i am one, my liege, whom the vile blows and buffets of the world have so incensed that i am reckless what i do to spite the world.	0
go, bid the huntsmen wake them with their horns.	0
sister, where thou?	0
how are you ,  my very beautiful bianca ?	0
and if our navy wins tomorrow ,  no doubt our army will do their part .	0
i’m telling you to make a fist and pound .	0
wilt thou ,  strato ?	0
she had no food today and will have none .	0
what trumpet’s that ?	0
by janus ,  i don’t think so .	0
i hear some noise.	0
watch out !	0
then let us say ,  you are sad ,  because you are not merry: and 'twere as easy for you to laugh ,  and leap ,  and say you are merry ,  because you are not sad .	0
the star is fall’n .	0
happily he's the second time come to them; for they say an old man is twice a child.	0
o villainy !	0
o wretched villain !	0
your fault our law calls death; but the kind prince ,  taking your part ,  has brushed aside the law ,  and turned that black word  “ death ”  to banishment .	0
these griefs ,  these woes ,  these sorrows make me old .	0
i am young ,  only something you may deserve of him through me ,  and wisdom to offer up a weak ,  poor ,  innocent lamb to appease an angry god .	0
i’ll commute your death sentence .	0
why should that name be proclaimed more than yours ?	0
come ,  sweet audrey .	0
tarry ,  good beatrice .	0
this i wonder at ,  that he ,  unknown to me ,  should be in debt .	0
hey ,  if i lay down my  “  welcome ,  lorenzo and salerio .	0
great business must be wrought ere noon .	0
jailer ,  keep an eye on him .	0
and then he’ll … he’ll … wait ,  what was i about to say ?	0
not if you go away ,  there isn’t .	0
it cannot be.	0
worthy gentleman !	0
first, marcus brutus, i will shake with you;— next, caius cassius, i take your hand;— now, decius brutus, yours;—now yours, metellus;— yours, cinna;—and, my valiant casca, yours;— though last, not least in love, yours, good trebonius.	0
i’ll leave you for now .	0
no, good man, be patient.	0
i would be glad to forget about it ,  but it weighs on my memory like sins linger in guilty minds .	0
and so it is .	0
i thank my noble lord.	0
it is a creature that dotes on cassio ,  as ’tis the strumpet’s plague to beguile many and be beguiled by one .	0
give him the cup .	0
throw some of your words at me .	0
lucilius and titinius ,  ask the commanders to prepare to pitch tents for their troops tonight .	0
if you dare to fight today ,  come to the field; if not ,  come when you’ve got stomachs .	0
now that we’re near enough ,  throw the branch down ,  and look like the men you are .	0
sir ,  i shall meet your wit in the career ,  an you charge it against me .	0
o ,  come in ,  emilia .	0
i think he bought his shirt in italy ,  his hose in france ,  his hat in germany ,  and his behavior everywhere .	0
my hard - working servant ,  ariel !	0
makes no difference.	0
good romeo ,  hide yourself .	0
no ,  not until thursday .	0
how  “ seventh cause ”  ? —good my lord ,  like this fellow .	0
do then ,  but i’ll not hear .	0
the moor is of a free and open nature ,  that thinks men are honest that only seem to be so; and will as tenderly be led by the nose as asses are .	0
it’ll be ok .	0
have you snuck over here to watch the wrestling ?	0
and ,  lips ,  o you the doors of breath ,  seal with a righteous kiss a dateless bargain to engrossing death !	0
the fish lives in the sea; and it takes a lot of pride for beauty outside to hide without beauty inside .	0
it’s true she looked at me a lot ,  in fact ,  she looked at me so much that she seemed distracted ,  and couldn’t really finish her sentences very well .	0
get us out of here .	0
dost understand the word ?	0
o ,  help me here !	0
i’ve sworn i’ll never sleep with him or talk to him again .	0
remember to possess his books first, because, without them, he's only a fool, as i am, and hasn’t one spirit to command: they all hate him as deeply as i do.	0
what ,  not a whore ?	0
honest nurse ,  farewell .	0
if we walk not in the trodden paths our very petticoats will catch them .	0
in fact ,  she’s crazed .	0
mark you this, bassanio, the devil can cite scripture for his purpose.	0
because look how cheerfully my mother looks ,  and my father died within these two hours .	0
i have a wife ,  whom i protest i love .	0
is it now afternoon ?	0
deceiving me is thisbe's cue .	0
there’s but one down .	0
very serious ,  and i’m sure it’s because of beatrice .	0
uncle ,  i must come forth .	0
no ,  not charge interest; not ,  as you would say ,  directly charge interest; listen to what jacob did .	0
thank you ,  sir .	0
i hope you are pleased with the snake .	0
besides,—i haven’t used my sword since— i met a lion, in front of the capitol, who glared at me, and angrily passed me by, without attacking me, and there were a hundred ghastly women gathered in a heap, transformed by their fear; who swore they saw men, all on fire, walking up and down the streets.	0
he is not yet arrived .	0
we'll burn his body in the holy place ,  and we’ll set the traitors' houses on fire with the torches .	0
you see me here ,  gods ,  a grieving old man ,  as wretched in his grief as he is in his old age .	0
sister ,  calm down .	0
we didn’t expect mark antony to be here .	0
o god, she comes!	0
doth the moon shine that night we play our play?	0
i beg you, pardon me; i cannot speak.	0
i tell you yet again ,  banquo's buried; he cannot come out on's grave .	0
lord hamlet!	0
now listen and understand .	0
now my friend petruchio will help me out ,  presenting me to old baptista as a schoolmaster for bianca well - versed in music .	0
yes ,  sooth ,  and so do you .	0
i will not sup tonight .	0
god forbid!	0
sure ,  i shall never marry like my sisters ,  to love my father all .	0
but tell me—which of my good qualities first made you suffer love for me ?	0
mercutio ,  thou consortest with romeo .	0
prithee, my king, be quiet.	0
what things ,  my lord ?	0
the love that follows us sometime is our trouble ,  which still we thank as love .	0
what if this cursed hand were thicker than itself with brother's blood, is there not rain enough in the sweet heavens to wash it white as snow?	0
what a piece of work is man !	0
i pause for a reply .	0
how is it that the clouds still hang on you ?	0
twere good you let him know ,  for who that’s but a queen ,  fair ,  sober ,  wise ,  would from a paddock ,  from a bat ,  a gib ,  such dear concernings hide ?	0
your whole family will be ruined .	0
meantime we thank you for your well - took labor .	0
is he angry ?	0
how are you doing ,  cassio ? —someone bring me a stretcher !	0
hold ,  take my sword .	0
what ,  strike his wife !	0
ay, and said nothing but what i protest intendment of doing.	0
we will ourselves provide.	0
he is cooling off his horses.	0
o, yet defend me, friends!	0
my son came then into my mind ,  and yet my mind was then scarce friends with him .	0
i do desire you not to deny this imposition ,  the which my love ,  and some necessity ,  now lays upon you .	0
but you’ll lie like dogs ,  and yet say nothing neither .	0
well ,  not in deed ,  madam ,  since i can’t do anything unchaste .	0
to tell you true ,  i counterfeit him .	0
gracious brother ,  i will go with them .	0
i swear to you ,  i don’t want to be doing this .	0
you’re turning into strangers; has it come to that?	0
tubal ,  a wealthy hebrew of my tribe ,  will furnish me .	0
how now, good cassio!	0
i’d bet fourteen of my own teeth—but ,  i’m sorry to say ,  i only have four teeth—she’s not fourteen .	0
then you'll buy ’em to sell again .	0
no boasting like a fool ,  this deed i'll do before i change my mind .	0
of her father .	0
hurry to a convent .	0
this lodovico is a proper man.	0
come, nerissa.	0
my pretty cousin, blessing upon you!	0
i dare draw as soon as another man, if i see occasion in a good quarrel, and the law on my side.	0
the ottoman ,  reverend and gracious ,  steering with due course toward the isle of rhodes ,  have joined a later fleet there with them .	0
don’t go ,  ”  says my conscience .	0
don’t tell me about mercy; this is the fool that lent out money for free: jailer, look to him.	0
it is enacted in the laws of venice ,  if it be proved against an alien that by direct or indirect attempts he seek the life of any citizen ,  the party 'gainst the which he doth contrive shall seize one half his goods .	0
shall i keep your hogs and eat husks with them ?	0
and has given proper appearance to his speech, my lord, with almost all the holy vows of heaven.	0
o brave iago, honest and just, that have such noble sense of your friend's wrong!	0
what ,  have you writ that letter to my sister ?	0
i do beseech ye, if you bear me hard, now, whilst your purpled hands do reek and smoke, fulfill your pleasure.	0
brother ,  hey !	0
it’s getting late .	0
what shall i say?	0
was ever woman in this humor wooed ?	0
to sebastian] his word is more than the miraculous [to sebastian] his word is more than the miraculous harp .	0
there’s knocking at the gate .	0
i think he got his jacket in italy ,  his tights in france ,  his hat in germany ,  and his behavior everywhere .	0
dear love ,  adieu . — anon ,  good nurse ! —sweet montague ,  be true .	0
and on that vice in him will my revenge find notable cause to work .	0
now ,  hamlet ,  where's polonius ?	0
o ,  i could play the woman with mine eyes ,  and braggart with my tongue !	0
order his death immediately, and, with the traitor’s former title, greet macbeth.	0
i will desire you to live in the meantime and eat your victuals .	0
please ,  sir ,  be quiet .	0
pronounce it for me ,  sir ,  to all our friends ,  for my heart speaks they are welcome .	0
those cowardly ,  gigantic sides of beef have been responsible for many of your family members getting eaten as a condiment on beef .	0
have you any further trade with us ?	0
what’s the matter, do you think?	0
who’s there ?	0
roderigo killed?	0
mercy ,  mercy !	0
or did i dream it?	0
an upright judge ,  a learned judge !	0
something from venice, sure.	0
yes ,  my good lord .	0
you durst not so have tempted him .	0
ay .	0
in my mind's eye ,  horatio .	0
o heat ,  dry up my brains !	0
if he awakens ,  he'll fill our skins with pinches from toe to head; turn us into strange stuff .	0
do you see this sweet sight?	0
faith ,  the cry goes that you shall marry her .	0
my husband is on earth ,  my faith in heaven .	0
o my lord !	0
you pretty lovers are lucky you met me here .	0
has it been a quiet night ?	0
a rotten ,  foolish monster .	0
you’re stripped of your power and your command ,  and cassio will govern cyprus .	0
and isn’t your husband an honorable man ?	0
come on ,  balthasar ,  let’s hear that song again .	0
what should i say ,  sweet lady ?	0
please ,  hurry up .	0
i smile and think ,   “ thank goodness the wind doesn’t flatter me: it’s like a councilor who makes me feel what i’m really made of .  ”  adversity can have its benefits—like the ugly ,  poisonous  i wouldn’t change my situation for anything .	0
what ,  not a whore ?	0
humh !	0
how do you get along now ?	0
there’s money for thee .	0
will they pursue the quality no longer than they can sing ?	0
sweet hero ,  now thy image doth appear in the rare semblance that i loved it first .	0
look ,  how she rubs her hands .	0
in a town of war ,  yet wild ,  the people's hearts brimful of fear ,  to manage private and domestic quarrel ,  in night ,  and on the court and guard of safety !	0
to our house.	0
if i thought, sir, that i was well awake, i'd try to tell you.	0
ah ,  the immortal forward thrust !	0
yes ,  if you want to help yourself .	0
this letter from bellario introduces us to a young and well - educated legal expert .	0
nor will not .	0
what does this shouting mean?	0
o noble judge!	0
i am provided of a torch - bearer .	0
hurry up and get to your horse .	0
my wife !	0
hello to you .	0
look, look, titinius: are those my tents where i perceive the fire?	0
do you see ,  gentlemen ?	0
nor ,  i am sure ,  there is no force in eyes that can do hurt .	0
god ,  help us not be jealous !	0
whore ,  your lover’s dead now ,  and you’ll be going to hell soon .	0
you bid me make it orderly and well ,  according to the fashion and the time .	0
oh ,  don’t worry about it—we’ll dip your    i’ll get you for that one .	0
if they see you, they will murder you.	0
i kiss the wall's hole ,  not your lips at all .	0
what news among the merchants?	0
go hence with diligence .	0
no thanks from his mouth ,  if it were alive to thank you .	0
you would do very well ,  good reynaldo ,  before you visit him ,  to ask someone about his behavior .	0
yes ,  my good lord .	0
fair ladies ,  you drop manna in the way of starved people .	0
you should let others take care of you and submit to people who know better than you do what’s good for you .	0
a likely story !	0
amen !	0
i forget ,  but these sweet thoughts do even refresh my labors ,  most busiest when i do it .	0
i thank thee for that jest .	0
get out of here ,  you blathering peasant !	0
yes ,  the heads of maids ,  or their virginity .	0
lovely ,  most lovely katherine ,  will you agree to teach a soldier the words that would recommend his love - suit to a gentle heart like yours ?	0
there’s more to it than that . —ganymede !	0
justice ,  find the girl !	0
this is not the time for dwelling on personal grievances .	0
three thousand ducats for three months ,  and antonio bound .	0
cowards die many times before their deaths .	0
and as you said (and you said it wisely) ,  it’s good to have someone other than a mother listening in on them ,  since she can be too partial to him .	0
down with the capulets !	0
i will listen very carefully .	0
o, i wish you were of the same mind as i am!	0
i will ,  my lord .	0
did he not straight, in pious rage, the two delinquents tear, that were the slaves of drink and thralls of sleep?	0
i’ll have some proof .	0
is this the cure for my aching bones ?	0
i had a son ,  now outlawed from my blood .	0
lay me next to my mistress .	0
what ,  you egg !	0
thou may'st, i warrant we shall have old swearing, that they did give the rings away to men; but we'll outface them, and outswear them too.	0
this pernicious slave ,  forsooth ,  took on him as a conjurer ,  and ,  gazing in mine eyes ,  feeling my pulse ,	0
that your interest payments are like jacob’s sheep ?	0
doth she not count her blest ,  unworthy as she is ,  that we have wrought so worthy a gentleman to be her bridegroom ?	0
take them away .	0
she has a body ,  not a life .	0
i should have waited to tell you my news .	0
let me see her .	0
peace ,  who comes here ?	0
heaven doth truly know it .	0
i don’t understand—how should i answer that ?	0
oh me !	0
he’s coming hither—now ,  i' th' night ,  i' th' haste ,  and regan with him .	0
i dreamt last night of the three weird sisters: to you they have showed some truth .	0
then have my lips the sin that they have took .	0
on the outs with the girl i love .	0
my lord ,  you acted once when you were in the university ,  you say ?	0
who else?	0
i would i had been there .	0
i have the best armor in the world .	0
that’s my way ,  when i see a crab - apple .	0
one, gentlewoman, that god hath made for himself to mar.	0
tis monstrous .	0
now i want her more than ever .	0
it might ,  my lord .	0
the mind i sway by and the heart i bear shall never sag with doubt nor shake with fear.	0
you may to me, and ’tis most meet you should.	0
by my soul i swear there is no power in the tongue of man to alter me .	0
both our remedies within thy help and holy physic lies .	0
again ,  goodbye .	0
so, for fear of the worst, please set a deep glass of rhenish wine on the wrong chest; because if the devil were within the chest and that temptation on top of it, i know he will choose it.	0
separate them .	0
your castle is surprised; your wife and babes savagely slaughter'd .	0
o excellent young man !	0
arise ,  i say !	0
what name, fair lady?	0
do you really mean that ?	0
for i am all the subjects that you have ,  which first was mine own king ,  and here you sty me in this hard rock ,  whiles you do keep from me the rest o‘th’ island .	0
he couldn’t be a lion if the romans weren’t such easy prey .	0
being done ,  there is no pause .	0
behold ,  over there ,  and titinius’ mourning it .	0
don’t run away—stay where you are .	0
here he comes.	0
then ,  window ,  let day in and let life out .	0
supper is done ,  and we shall come too late .	0
those that call you hobgoblin ,  and sweet puck ,  you do their work ,  and they shall have good luck .	0
nor no one here ,  for curses never pass the lips of those that breathe them in the air .	0
quiet ,  i say .	0
a gentler judgment vanish'd from his lips— not body's death, but body's banishment.	0
sir, sir, sir, but you must certainly be sure that my spirit and my place have power in them to make this bitter to you.	0
and made your other love ,  demetrius ,  who even but now did spurn me with his foot ,  to call me goddess ,  nymph ,  divine ,  and rare ,  precious ,  celestial ?	0
nay ,  come ,  again .	0
my king ,  they haven’t come back yet .	0
dorset ,  embrace hastings . —hastings ,  express your affection for the marquess of dorset .	0
o lamentable day!	0
or stole it ,  rather .	0
come ,  wherefore should you be so pashful ?	0
o heavy deed !	0
am i myself ?	0
casca ,  you’re the first one to strike .	0
no, but listen to me: pardon this fault, and, by my soul, i swear i will never again break an oath made to you.	0
tomorrow night ,  when the moon shines on the water and decorates the grass with tiny beads of pearly light (the time of night that always hides runaway lovers) ,  we plan to sneak out of athens .	0
bring him before us.	0
shylock is my name.	0
receive what cheer you may .	0
what are they that would speak with me?	0
bring the villain forward .	0
but tell not me; i know ,  antonio is sad to think upon his merchandise .	0
are you beautiful ?	0
turn up on your right hand at the next turning, but, at the next turning of all, on your left; marry, at the very next turning, turn of no hand, but turn down indirectly to the jew's house.	0
as if that name ,  shot from the deadly level of a gun ,  did murder her; as that name's cursed hand murdered her kinsman .	0
it was wont to hold me but while one tells twenty .	0
i recognize a natural and prompt speed that i find in hardness, and undertake these present wars against the ottoman.	0
my honorable ,  reverend master ?	0
do they grow rusty ?	0
our day is gone; come clouds, dews, and dangers; our deeds are done!	0
he’ll watch the horologe a double set if drink rock not his cradle .	0
every wrong is not a hate at first .	0
and, so his death bell is rung.	0
there is only one mind in all these men ,  and it is bent against caesar .	0
commend me to my kind lord .	0
challenge the count’s young servant to a fight .	0
i am thy father's spirit ,  doom'd for a certain term to walk the night ,  and for the day confined to fast in fires ,  till the foul crimes done in my days of nature are burnt and purged away .	0
by my troth ,  i speak my thought .	0
they could be content to visit other places ,  and come down with fearful bravery ,  thinking by this face to fasten in our thoughts that they have courage .	0
talk to him .	0
bring him before us .	0
this love that thou hast shown doth add more grief to too much of mine own .	0
o strange !	0
ere the bat hath flown his cloistered flight ,  ere to black hecate’s summons the shard - borne beetle with his drowsy hums hath rung night’s yawning peal ,  there shall be done a deed of dreadful note .	0
these are but wild and whirling words ,  my lord .	0
at home ,  my lord .	0
many a morning hath he there been seen ,  with tears augmenting the fresh morning’s dew ,  adding to clouds more clouds with his deep sighs .	0
i did send to you for gold to pay my legions ,  which you denied me .	0
but they’ll nor pinch ,  fright me with urchin - shows ,  pitch me i' th' mire ,  nor lead me like a firebrand in the dark out of my way ,  unless he bid 'em .	0
he’s shouting at the wind to blow the earth into the sea ,  or make the sea flood the earth—he wants to see the world return to primal chaos .	0
night's candles are burnt out ,  and jocund day stands tiptoe on the misty mountain tops .	0
but it sufficeth that the day will end ,  and then the end is known . —come ,  ho !	0
no ,  it’s just after twelve; i heard the clock strike .	0
even if i had a whole bunch of mouths ,  i wouldn’t be able to answer that .	0
who was it that came by?	0
mark antony heard that you were preparing to wage war on him .	0
but wait a minute .	0
come ,  good athenian .	0
i hear that edgar ,  gloucester’s exiled son ,  is with the earl of kent in germany .	0
you are very welcome here .	0
you make your knife sharp, not on the sole of your shoe, but on your soul, harsh jew, but no metal can, no, not the hangman's axe, be sharpened to half the sharpness of your sharp hate.	0
have you heard of me ,  most noble empress ?	0
even such a husband hast thou of me as she is for a wife .	0
i’ll punish you so harshly that you’ll regret causing me this loss .	0
juliet wills it so.	0
lay breath so bitter on your bitter foe.	0
yes ,  to smell pork; to eat of the habitation which your prophet ,  the nazarite ,  conjured the devil into !	0
but come on ,  start .	0
i'll free you within two days for this .	0
you shall be king .	0
who’s this coming here ?	0
that you shall surely find him ,  lead to the sagittary the raised search ,  and there will i be with him .	0
i do believe your majesty takes no shame in wearing the leek on saint davy’s day .	0
but it is no matter .	0
why ,  that’s spoken like an honest drover; so they sell bullocks .	0
come ,  sit on me .	0
crazy” i call it, because to define true craziness, what is it except to be nothing else but crazy?	0
who ever knew the heavens menace so ?	0
regan ,  is that what you said ?	0
what says your highness to my just request ?	0
how many, as you guess?	0
bring the villain forth .	0
i was with hercules and cadmus once ,  when in a wood of crete they bay'd the bear with hounds of sparta; never did i hear such gallant chiding ,  for ,  besides the groves ,  the skies ,  the fountains ,  every region near seem'd all one mutual cry .	0
they give such comfort as lusty young men feel when spring appears with all the flowers and warmth after a long ,  cold winter ,  even such delight among fresh female flower buds shall you this night find at my house; hear all ,  all see ,  and like her most whose worth shall be the most .	0
madam ,  your mother craves a word with you .	0
all the infections that the sun sucks up from bogs ,  fens ,  flats ,  on prosper fall ,  and make him by inch - meal disease !	0
did he take interest ?	0
i promise you, sir, the cold, white, virgin snow on my heart holds back my passion.	0
zounds, i bleed still; i am hurt to the death.	0
if it turns out that she really is running around on me ,  i’ll send her away ,  even though it’ll break my heart .	0
even if his joy is joy, still throw such aggravation on it that he won’t stay happy for long.	0
i’ll pluck thee berries .	0
he had a fever when he was in spain ,  and when the fit was on him ,  i did mark how he did shake .	0
i’ll fish for thee and get thee wood enough .	0
tell me ,  othello .	0
was that mine ?	0
in the name lay a moiety of the world .	0
o heavenly powers!	0
come ,  bring him away .	0
some villains of my court are of consent and sufferance in this .	0
your grace shall have it.	0
he’ll never yield to that .	0
horns ?	0
it would be just like a nice daydream or fantasy .	0
where is he?	0
methought i lay worse than the mutines in the bilboes.	0
these lords seem so astonished that they’ve lost their use of reason and can hardly believe what they see with their own eyes . —but whatever the reason for your losing your senses ,  you can know for sure that i’m prospero ,  that same duke who was kicked out of milan and landed on this same island where you landed ,  and became the lord of it .	0
ha ha ,  are you good ?	0
what’s the news ?	0
good my lord— you have been a boggler ever .	0
what committed!	0
we'll hear a play tomorrow .	0
give me your hand .	0
and i’m like helena ,  until the fates kill me .	0
i’m waiting here for the general ,  and i don’t think it would help ,  and it’s not my wish ,  to have him see me talking with a woman .	0
you must leave this.	0
i did love you once.	0
i would not kill your soul .	0
yours ,  i swear .	0
i thought so when i supposed you were in love .	0
to you i am bound for life and education; my life and education both do learn me how to respect you; you are the lord of duty ,  i am hitherto your daughter .	0
death and damnation!	0
oh ,  sir ,  the problem goes far deeper than you realize .	0
ah sir !	0
his beard was grizzled ,  no ?	0
angry enough to run away .	0
beshrew my heart ,  but i pity the man .	0
that would i ,  had i kingdoms to give with her .	0
no matter .	0
the grey-ey'd morn smiles on the frowning night, check'ring the eastern clouds with streaks of light; and flecked darkness like a drunkard reels from forth day's path and titan's fiery wheels.	0
some wine, ho!	0
get going.	0
oh ,  what a long ,  tedious ,  exhausting night !	0
for shame, you lazy loafer!	0
you’re talking in such a crazy way ,  sir .	0
there's not one of them, except for his house i don’t keep a bribed servant.	0
fare thee well ,  dame .	0
in what particular thought to work i know not; but ,  in the gross and scope of my opinion ,  this bodes some strange eruption to our state .	0
how does my wife ?	0
i am a jew .	0
he is very busy about it .	0
he takes on him to understand so much ,  and therefore comes to speak with you .	0
oh ,  to think that the same body that once ruled the world could now patch up a wall !	0
my fault ,  but not my body ,  pardon ,  sovereign .	0
doth she not count her blest, unworthy as she is, that we have wrought so worthy a gentleman to be her bridegroom?	0
but i agree ,  sir ,  that we were locked out .	0
it cannot be .	0
let a dew as wicked as any my mother brushed from a polluted bog with raven's feather fall on both of you!	0
i know his trumpet.	0
i’ll kill him, and she kills me.	0
farewell the plumed troop and the big wars that make ambition virtue!	0
to the mariners] play the men !	0
what a strange drowsiness possesses them !	0
what would he do if he had the motive and the cue for passion that i have?	0
tybalt ,  you ratcatcher ,  will you walk ?	0
a messenger from the galleys .	0
noble captain ,  come .	0
my name's macbeth .	0
that’s the excuse many men use to save their gifts.	0
oh !	0
i’ll talk to you again tomorrow .	0
i’ll help out ,  if only because he speaks the same language as me .	0
she’s well .	0
hold!	0
why are you calling me  “ love ”  ?	0
be not afraid ,  though you do see me weaponed .	0
this is the only witchcraft i have used.	0
as hell ,  sir topas .	0
messala, this is my birthday, as this very day was cassius born.	0
freedom, high-day, freedom!	0
no ,  my dear cousin .	0
prithee no more!	0
brother ,  you’ve made a mistake .	0
a king of shreds and patches!	0
how strangely ?	0
i should backtrack and begin with how my master ,  don john ,  arranged for the prince ,  claudio ,  and himself to witness this friendly encounter from the orchard .	0
oh strange !	0
farewell .	0
that’s the right attitude .	0
the oats have eaten the horses .	0
a full half hour .	0
who would fardels bear, to grunt and sweat under a weary life, but that the dread of something after death the undiscover'd country, from whose bourn no traveller returns, puzzles the will, and makes us rather bear those ills we have than fly to others that we know not of?	0
we can’t think that way about what we did .	0
marry ,  at the very next turning turn of no hand ,  but turn down indirectly to the jew’s house .	0
did you see him ?	0
i’ll ask them .	0
that's not so good now .	0
none good ,  my liege ,  to please you with the hearing ,  nor none so bad but well may be reported .	0
i do beseech you— chiefly that i might set it in my prayers— what is your name ?	0
what's the news with you?	0
such mortal drugs i have; but mantua's law is death to any he that utters them.	0
go ,  bring him here ,  boy .	0
cross him in nothing .	0
i am sorry to hear this.	0
no more talk about killing yourself ,  okay ?	0
what’s new with you ?	0
and i ,  for winking at you ,  discords too ,  have lost a brace of kinsmen .	0
fie ,  fie ,  ’tis lewd and filthy !	0
are you mad ?	0
right now, i would give a 220,000 yards of sea for an acre of bare ground; a long wasteland, brown brush, anything.	0
thou art a fellow of a good respect; thy life hath had some smatch of honor in it.	0
oh ,  my heart ,  my heart is rising into my throat !	0
i’m doing so .	0
that every “like” isn’t the same, o caesar, that the heart of brutus yearns to think about!	0
am not i your rosalind ?	0
no ,  sir .	0
the king’s son ,  ferdinand ,  with hair up - staring—then ,  like reeds ,  not hair— was the first man that leaped ,  cried ,   “ hell is empty and all the devils are here .  ”       why ,  that’s my spirit !	0
i think this tale would win my daughter too.	0
i fear'd he did but trifle and meant to wrack thee; but beshrew my jealousy !	0
come ,  sir andrew ,  there’s no remedy .	0
i knew your father .	0
kind gentlemen, let's go see poor cassio dress'd.	0
i have a bad cold that’s bothering me .	0
it is not lost; but what if it were ?	0
why ,  fool ?	0
i have given you strong proof of my constancy ,  giving myself a voluntary wound here in the thigh .	0
what is this ?	0
perish the man whose mind is backward now !	0
i will carry no crotchets.	0
the meats baked for the funeral were also put on the marriage tables .	0
all i’ll tell you is that the duke has had dinner already .	0
nor i neither by this heavenly light; i might do't as well i' the dark.	0
my lord shall never rest; i'll watch him calmly, and talk him out of patience; his bed shall seem like a school, his meals a confessional; i'll intermingle everything he does with cassio's suit.	0
after that ,  nothing can hurt him further—not weapons ,  poison ,  rebellion ,  invasion ,  or anything else .	0
follow my mother.	0
if thou takest more or less than a just pound ,  be it but so much as makes it light or heavy in the substance or the division of the twentieth part of one poor scruple—nay ,  if the scale do turn but in the estimation of a hair ,  thou diest and all thy goods are confiscate .	0
please be quiet .	0
by my knavery (if i had it) ,  then i were .	0
cruel ,  cruel news !	0
romeo ,  romeo ,  romeo !	0
it is .	0
beat him enough; after a little time i'll beat him too .	0
for my dinner .	0
the most careful maid is wasteful enough if she unmasks her beauty to the moon .	0
come ,  come and take a queen worth many babes and beggars !	0
go ,  get thee in yaughan; fetch me a stoup of liquor .	0
here lies your way .	0
oh ,  be quiet .	0
is the news good or bad ?	0
sweet, adieu!	0
you don’t have more than half an hour to live .	0
how are you ,  my dear othello !	0
you are merry, my lord.	0
words before blows.	0
you shall not come to them .	0
my lord of norfolk— here ,  most gracious king .	0
so what’s going on ?	0
she had put a coronet of fresh and fragrant flowers all around his hairy face ,  and that same dew ,  which sometimes was accustomed to swell like round and orient pearls on the buds ,  was now within the pretty flowers' eyes ,  like tears that were crying about their own sins .	0
he lies tonight within twenty - one miles of rome .	0
my lord ?	0
no ,  caesar shall not .	0
you showed your teeth like apes ,  and wagged your tails like hounds ,  and bowed like slaves ,  kissing caesar's feet; while damned casca ,  like a wild dog ,  struck caesar from behind on the neck .	0
the ways are dangerous .	0
sir ,  i’m puzzled by what you just said .	0
oh ,  my ,  it’s my husband .	0
none of the noble sort would so offend a virgin and try a poor soul's patience ,  all to make you laugh .	0
show me the way .	0
oh ,  so what graces ,  then ,  does he have ,  that he has turned a heaven into hell !	0
aren’t you dead yet ?	0
i am a spirit of no common rate; the summer still doth tend upon my state; and i do love thee; therefore, go with me.	0
slave !	0
this is more strange than such a murder is.	0
there are parents living whose children you have butchered; they are now old withered plants who will moan over their losses as they grow old .	0
yes ,  boy .	0
and laid the love juice on some true love’s sight .	0
i take this offer then,—pay the bond thrice and let the christian go.	0
in such a night jessica stole away from the wealthy jew, and ran from venice with a poor love as far as belmont.	0
it sounds no more; and sure it waits upon some god o'th’ island.	0
be it so!	0
i’ve stayed too long .	0
your case is better .	0
will you cover ,  then ,  sir ?	0
if he doesn’t love her ,  and he’s not gone crazy because of love ,  let me be no assistant for a state ,  but be a farmer and horse carter .	0
but when this ring parts from this finger, then life parts from my body: oh!	0
men should be what they seem; or those that are not ,  i wish wouldn’t seem so !	0
no ,  we’ll slink away at suppertime ,  disguise ourselves at my house ,  and return all in an hour .	0
the mercy that was alive in me a moment ago was smothered and killed by your own advice .	0
good to see you ,  iago .	0
i think that he has neighborly charity in him ,  because he borrowed a moneybox from the englishman ,  and swore he would pay him again when he was able; i think the frenchman became his guarantor and it was sealed by another .	0
sometime she gallops o'er a courtier’s nose ,  and then dreams he of smelling out a suit .	0
you think none but your sheets are privy to your wishes .	0
then music is sounds as the trumpets when true subjects bow to a new - crowned king; music is those sweet sounds at sunrise that creep into the dreaming bridegroom's ear and summon him to marriage .	0
you never heard of the centaur ?	0
please ,  emilia ,  ask cassio where he was at dinner tonight . —	0
to this ,  add defiance ,  and tell him ,  for conclusion ,  he hath betrayed his followers ,  whose condemnation is pronounced .  ”  so far my king and master; so much my office .	0
thieves!	0
neither good nor bad .	0
wash they his wounds with tears ?	0
i denied you not.	0
how far is it to the town of forres?	0
draw ,  you rascal !	0
you say you do not know the lady’s mind .	0
fear comes over me .	0
the world's a huge thing; it is a great price for a final vice .	0
i’ll conjure him as if i were summoning a spirit .	0
madam ,  good night; i humbly thank your ladyship .	0
yet the gold bides still that others touch ,  and often touching will wear gold; yet no man that hath a name by falsehood and corruption doth it shame .	0
for shame ,  you generals !	0
popilius lena speaks not of our purposes; for ,  look ,  he smiles ,  and caesar doth not change .	0
o very lame and powerless conclusion!	0
let’s go see the king.	0
awake !	0
o heaven!—how got she out?	0
i will not say so ,  for fear i should be faced out of my way .	0
i swear ,  at the moment i really couldn’t tell you how i ended up here .	0
lord ,  how painful it was to drown .	0
i hear some noise .	0
are you afraid to act the way you desire ?	0
it’s tragic because pyramus kills himself .	0
i am the unhappy subject of these quarrels.	0
how am i then a villain to counsel cassio to this parallel course ,  directly to his good ?	0
if you ever did hold me in your heart ,  stay away from happy things for a while ,  and ,  in this harsh world ,  draw your breath in pain to tell my story .	0
if love be blind ,  love cannot hit the mark .	0
romeo ,  come forth; come forth ,  thou fearful man .	0
i thought i had escaped from the tower and was on a ship to france with my brother richard ,  who persuaded me to leave my cabin and walk on deck with him .	0
no thanks ,  my good mother .	0
on ,  lusty gentlemen .	0
o hamlet ,  thou hast cleft my heart in twain .	0
i have deceived even your very eyes .	0
when i told you my state was nothing ,  i should then have told you that i was worse than nothing; for ,  indeed ,  i have engag'd myself to a dear friend ,  engag'd my friend to his mere enemy ,  to feed my means .	0
but to orlando: did he leave him there ,  food to the sucked and hungry lioness ?	0
o, how i love thee!	0
appear in the likeness of a sigh .	0
there are two lodged together.	0
a man ,  like you .	0
yours are slow and awkward .	0
is my father well ?	0
hath it not ,  boy ?	0
well ,  sir ,  my mistress is the sweetest lady .	0
if she won’t tell benedick ,  someone else should .	0
why ,  he won’t wake up till judgment day .	0
i was contracted to them both .	0
if luck’s with me ,  i’ll lose a father ,  and you’ll lose a daughter .	0
not so ,  sir ,  neither; i know my duty .	0
none that i know definitely, but i’m very afraid there’s a chance.	0
my people do already know my mind ,  and will acknowledge you and jessica ,  in place of lord bassanio and myself .	0
i never did offend you in my life; never loved cassio but with such general warranty of heaven as i might love.	0
this week he was sad ,  moody ,  and depressed and very different from his usual self .	0
are you thinking of buying her ?	0
there’s a knocking at the gate .	0
let four captains carry hamlet like a soldier onto the stage .	0
i’ll go back to sleep now .	0
no more ,  please .	0
by the mass, well said; a merry bastard, ha!	0
i don’t dare ,  sir .	0
for your life, you wouldn’t have dared.	0
very well ,  my lord .	0
has caesar gone to the capitol?	0
who hath relieved you ?	0
an hour before you pulled me out of the breaking waves ,  my sister drowned .	0
it was just an accident !	0
oh ,  finish what i’ve begun .	0
now ,  my dearest queen— pray you ,  stand farther from me .	0
i humbly take my leave .	0
it’s called the evil .	0
if we flee from the boar before the boar even pursues us ,  we’ll only make the boar angry and suspicious ,  causing him to chase us when he never intended to .	0
look thou but sweet, and i am proof against their enmity.	0
to answer that question ,  i should confess to you .	0
o ,  how this mother swells up toward my heart !	0
sure ,  i think so ,  and therefore certainly it were not good she knew his love ,  lest she make sport at it .	0
pray you, peace!	0
why ,  do you know of any harm intended toward him ?	0
no, but he chattered on, and spoke such scurvy and provoking terms against your honor, that, with the little godliness i have, i worked hard to tolerate him.	0
what is it you will see?	0
he brushes his hat in the mornings .	0
i will play it in either your straw-color beard, your orange-tawny beard, your purple-in-grain beard, or your french-crown-color beard, your perfect yellow.	0
here lies the water—good .	0
i know you not .	0
tunis has never had such a beautiful queen .	0
then you do not love me ?	0
if circumstances lead me ,  i will find where truth is hid ,  though it were hid indeed within the centre .	0
here's a skull now.	0
i’m leaving your court now .	0
therefore ,  i beg your highness ,  pardon me .	0
here’s the water ,  right ?	0
now ,  if these men have defeated the law and outrun native punishment ,  though they can outstrip men ,  they have no wings to fly from god .	0
i beg you ,  let cassio be welcomed again .	0
never make known what you have seen tonight.	0
a messenger from lord stanley .	0
i know his gait; 'tis he.	0
a reason ?	0
good morrow to your worship .	0
let me tell you ,  my friend ,  i’m almost insane myself .	0
i know not what you mean by that ,  but i am sure caesar fell down .	0
my mistress here lies murdered in her bed .	0
a double blessing is a double grace, it’s a better occasion to smile at saying goodbye again.	0
i am a fool to weep at what i am glad of .	0
you know it is the feast of the priest lupercus .	0
who offered him the crown ?	0
a flatterer's would not ,  although they do appear as huge as high olympus .	0
welcome ,  mistress .	0
ask them prepare inside .	0
after her ,  after her .	0
yes, every man of them, and no man here but honors you, and every one doth wish you had but that opinion of yourself which every noble roman bears of you.	0
for england !	0
ye say honestly .	0
within these ten days if that thou beest found so near our public court as twenty miles ,  thou diest for it .	0
whose tongue ?	0
i don’t think it’s a good idea .	0
please be careful .	0
let's meet him and receive him.	0
faith ,  like enough .	0
what if i strayed no further, but chose here?— let's see once more this saying grav'd in gold: who chooseth me, shall gain what many men desire.	0
she can turn and turn ,  and then turn on you again .	0
lead us away from this place: and let's search further for my poor son.	0
death, that has sucked the honey of your breath, has had no power yet on your beauty.	0
proceed you in your tears.	0
come, my lord.	0
what we promise ourselves in a fit of passion ,  when the passion ends ,  so does the promise .	0
my child ,  my only life ,  revive ,  look up ,  or i will die with thee ! — help ,  help !	0
and so his knell is knoll'd.	0
what imports the nomination of this gentleman?	0
and this way have you well expounded it .	0
and must they all be hanged that swear and lie?	0
the captain— give it the captain .	0
and meet me before the first rooster crows at dawn.	0
i cannot live without her .	0
till that ,  i’ll view the manners of the town ,  peruse the traders ,  gaze upon the buildings ,  and then return and sleep within mine inn ,  for with long travel i am stiff and weary .	0
death and damnation !	0
did you perceive how he laughed at his vice ?	0
no more of that ,  my lord ,  no more of that .	0
throw my heart against the flint and hardness of my fault ,  which ,  being dried with grief ,  will break to powder and finish all foul thoughts .	0
why are we talking about him like this ?	0
sir ,  i wouldn’t say i was your friend ,  but i’ve praised you when you deserved ten times more praise than i gave .	0
can you smell him out by that ?	0
of patience .	0
rapier and dagger.	0
i’m sure lorenzo isn’t on their ship .	0
no ,  it is struck .	0
but that is a false conclusion ,  since we have locks to keep our valuables safe and clever traps to catch little thieves .	0
i’m asking you to understand my point of view .	0
we shall be much unfurnished for this time .	0
it was some fiend .	0
i wish my father could see them with my eyes .	0
what of that ?	0
now must your conscience my acquaintance seal ,  and you must put me in your heart for friend ,  sith you have heard ,  and with a knowing ear ,  that he which hath your noble father slain pursued my life .	0
let’s go after the man whose has gone before us to bid us welcome.	0
by no means ,  sir .	0
the turk with a most mighty preparation makes for cyprus .	0
a second daniel ! —a daniel ,  jew !	0
yeah ,  right ,  go get him .	0
i say amen, gonzalo!	0
i do beseech you that i may speak with you, o, good my lord!	0
let’s go .	0
are you so hot ?	0
prithee ,  be cheerful .	0
and then he offered it the third time .	0
bow to him ,  fairies ,  and curtsy to him .	0
if you will just look sweet ,  then i am protected against their hate .	0
this must crave— an if this be at all—a most strange story .	0
so shows a snowy dove trooping with crows as yonder lady o'er her fellows shows.	0
well, my lord.	0
then she is well ,  and nothing is wrong .	0
and private in his chamber pens himself ,  shuts up his windows ,  locks fair daylight out ,  and makes himself an artificial night .	0
i used to think, as our politicians do, a sin to make a forgery and worked hard at how to forget that learning, but, sir, now it did me a useful service.	0
first of all ,  my house in the city ,  as you know ,  is filled with expensive furniture and household articles ,  china and gold ,  basins and pitchers for her to wash her dainty hands in .	0
i cannot tell .	0
it was the owl that shrieked, the fatal bellman, that gives even the worst dispositions a good night.	0
therefore thy kinsmen are no stop to me .	0
no ,  but tonight is an exception; you shall not judge me by what we do tonight .	0
i will watch tonight .	0
twere damnation to think so base a thought .	0
turn your face there ,  patience ,  you young and rose - lipped archangel ,  yes ,  there ,  look as grim as hell !	0
i’d rather have a jester to make me happy than experience to make me sad—and to travel for all that trouble ,  no less !	0
tis so .	0
you make me study of that .	0
if you poison us, do we not die?	0
who must hang them ?	0
pleaseth your grace to appoint some of your council presently to sit with us once more with better heed to resurvey them ,  we will suddenly pass our accept and peremptory answer .	0
my reputation ,  my reputation !	0
by jupiter ,  if i were antony ,  i wouldn’t shave my beard today .	0
we are your servants ,  your highness ,  and as always our house and everything in it is at your disposal ,  for after all ,  we keep it in your trust and we’re glad to give you back what’s yours .	0
o blessed, blessed night!	0
how ?	0
i had all i could do to calm his anger!	0
stop whining ,  devil .	0
and you have to cut this flesh from his chest .	0
yes, cassius, and, from here on in, when you’re over-aggressive with your brutus, he'll think your mother scolds, and leave you alone.	0
if they speak but truth of her ,  these hands shall tear her; if they wrong her honor ,  the proudest of them shall well hear of it .	0
come ,  come ,  thou art as hot a jack in thy mood as any in italy ,  and as soon moved to be moody ,  and as soon moody to be moved .	0
the english army ,  sir .	0
i will fetch up your goats ,  audrey .	0
but go away now .	0
there’s very little about her that’s gloomy ,  my lord .	0
here, 'tis, most reverend doctor, here it is.	0
i’ll tell you more later about when and where we met ,  how we fell in love ,  and how we exchanged promises ,  but now i’m begging you: please ,  agree to marry us today .	0
i'll say yon grey is not the morning's eye ,  'tis but the pale reflex of cynthia's brow; nor that is not the lark whose notes do beat the vaulty heaven so high above our heads .	0
minion ,  your dear lies dead ,  and your unblest fate hies .	0
some grief shows much of love; but much of grief shows still some want of wit .	0
it is my wretched luck.	0
hello there ,  good sirs .	0
ay ,  or drinking ,  fencing ,  swearing ,  quarrelling ,  drabbing .	0
i hope you’ll recognize me when we meet again .	0
treat me well .	0
i have done no more to caesar than you shall do to brutus.	0
see ”  ’t shalt thou never . —fellows ,  hold the chair . — upon these eyes of thine i’ll set my foot .	0
are you honest?	0
by heaven, it is as proper to our age to cast beyond ourselves in our opinions as it is common for the younger sort to lack discretion.	0
to which we all appeal .	0
you were right the first time .	0
indeed ,  my lord ,  the gloomy jaques grieves over these deaths .	0
god bless your worship!	0
you are not as happy as macbeth ,  yet much happier .	0
ay, if messala will prefer me to you.	0
to leave his wife ,  to leave his babes ,  his mansion ,  and his titles ,  in a place from whence himself does fly ?	0
what upsets you, your highness?	0
it is the greatest admiration in the universal world when the true and aunchient prerogatifes and laws of the wars is not kept .	0
of all men else i have avoided thee .	0
a plague upon you ,  murderers ,  traitors all !	0
madam ,  hurry as fast as you can get out of my court .	0
we took this mattock and this spade from him as he was coming from this churchyard’s side .	0
finding ourselves sailing too slow, we put up a great fight, and, in the skirmish, i boarded them.	0
she is so free, so kind, so proper, so blessed a disposition, she holds it a sin in her goodness not to do more than she is asked.	0
you are a senator.	0
neighbors and friends ,  though we don’t have anyone for the bride and bridegroom’s places at the table ,  you know there’s nothing missing in the feast itself .	0
if it be, why seems it so particular with thee?	0
but if we have reasons that are strong enough to ignite cowards into action and to make weak women brave—and i think we do—then ,  countrymen ,  what else could we possibly need to spur us to action ?	0
the love that follows us sometime is our trouble, which still we thank as love.	0
which way ran he that killed mercutio ?	0
in short ,  i’m not .	0
and we’ll hear it.	0
and i know that by now they’re waiting for me on the porch outside pompey’s theater .	0
have you not set lysander, as in scorn, to follow me, and praise my eyes and face?	0
i had been happy if the general camp ,  pioners and all ,  had tasted her sweet body ,  so i had nothing known .	0
first of all ,  even if all the obstacles were eliminated and my path led straight to the crown—if it were truly my birthright—i would rather hide from my greatness than hide inside the greatness of the position itself and be smothered by it .	0
oh ,  how i wish we could oppose caesar’s spirit—his overblown ambition—and not hack up caesar himself !	0
who ,  sir andrew aguecheek ?	0
sir ,  his chests and treasure he has not with him .	0
who has put in ?	0
i cannot hear of any that did see her .	0
where is my mother ?	0
whither to supper ?	0
his military understanding is all theory ,  no practice .	0
are you not good ?	0
if you thought that you’d be thinking too much .	0
he’s been in an unusually good mood and has granted many gifts to your household and servants .	0
they are all welcome .	0
i’m in a rush .	0
freedom !	0
therefore prepare thee to cut off the flesh .	0
well ,  i hope you stay in that frame of mind or some poor man will end up with his face all scratched up .	0
how unbelievable !	0
you are a tame man; go !	0
he’ll never agree to that .	0
not to his father’s house .	0
yes ,  cassius .	0
i must love you and sue to know you better .	0
that great baby you see there is not yet out of his swaddling clothes .	0
pardon me ?	0
since you have given me my dukedom again ,  i will repay you with just as good a thing; at least bring out a wonder ,  to make you as happy as i am to have my dukedom .	0
to kill him, clitus.	0
they shouted thrice.	0
in exchange ,  give up your claim to love helena ,  since i love her and will love her until i die .	0
i will go tomorrow, (and i will go early in the morning) to the weird sisters.	0
but ,  for mine own part ,  it was greek to me .	0
the queen your mother is upset ,  and sent me to see you .	0
will you think so ?	0
men ,  wives ,  and children stare ,  cry out ,  and run as it were doomsday .	0
let a beast be lord of beasts ,  and his crib shall stand at the king's mess .	0
o heavy deed!	0
very easily possible .	0
tis no such matter .	0
younger than she are happy mothers made .	0
is your name shylock ?	0
and so have i a noble father lost; a sister driven into desperate terms, whose worth, if praises may go back again, stood challenger on mount of all the age for her perfections.	0
or, as it were perfumed by a swamp.	0
it is locked in my memory, and you yourself shall keep the key of it.	0
your hand is  well ,  i hope so .	0
it shall be done .	0
o piteous spectacle !	0
have i, my lord?	0
i will allow you one day to look for help in ephesus .	0
will you know them then ?	0
for god’s sake ,  send somebody else .	0
the alcohol that got the servants drunk has made me bold .	0
tis now the very witching time of night ,  when churchyards yawn and hell itself breathes out contagion to this world .	0
what would my lord ,  but that he may not have ,  wherein olivia may seem serviceable ?	0
draw your trustworthy sword ,  which you have used in such service to your country .	0
why ,  look you now ,  how unworthy a thing you make of me !	0
tis spoken well .	0
honest iago hath ta'en order for ’t .	0
you are too expensive to wear every day .	0
ay, at philippi.	0
the sky doth frown and lour upon our army .	0
whoa ,  ha ,  hey !	0
the king and queen and all are coming down .	0
i'll send her to you right away ,  and i'll devise a plan to get the moor out of the way ,  that your conversation and business may be more free .	0
the field and town are afraid of me .	0
o flesh ,  flesh ,  how art thou fishified !	0
he shall tell them so .	0
the most you sought was her promotion ,  for ’twas your heaven she should be advanced .	0
then i’ll look up ,  my sin is committed .	0
that you should think, we come not to offend, but with good will.	0
her blood is settled ,  and her joints are stiff .	0
even so .	0
where's peaseblossom?	0
he is worth no more than that .	0
indeed ,  it is a strange - disposèd time .	0
by god and by saint charity, pity, and for shame, for shame!	0
i’ll take responsibility for that .	0
judge me ,  you gods !	0
horatio—or i do forget myself .	0
yes ,  at philippi .	0
and she goes down at twelve.	0
by god and by saint charity ,  pity ,  and for shame ,  for shame !	0
exchange forgiveness with me, noble hamlet.	0
why would you be so fond to overcome the bonny prizer of the humorous duke ?	0
a liberal hand .	0
i wish i had met my dearest enemy in heaven before i had ever seen that day ,  horatio !	0
some word there was ,  worse than tybalt's death ,  that murdered me .	0
to leave his wife, to leave his babes, his mansion, and his titles, in a place that he himself flies from?	0
i’ll disguise myself in somber robes .	0
you are early stirring .	0
aren’t i hermia ?	0
heaven bless the isle of cyprus and our noble general othello!	0
in a half an hour he’ll be asleep .	0
perhaps you have learned it without book .	0
some word there was, worser than tybalt's death, that murdered me.	0
would that he were gone !	0
is this the king we offered to ransom ?	0
don’t ,  for one denial ,  lose the action that you swore to do .	0
i would take nine years to kill him.	0
here comes the lady .	0
yes ,  you certainly could pass for men ,  in the same way that hounds ,  and greyhounds ,  mongrels ,  spaniels ,  curs ,  shoughs ,  water - rugs ,  and demi - wolves are all the names of dogs .	0
of him ,  sir .	0
dost thou not laugh ?	0
today ,  great duke ,  she locked me out of my house and feasted there with whores .	0
god be with you .	0
what now ,  lucillius ?	0
look where it comes again!	0
what part of the agreement did i break ?	0
i’ve heard, and it is nothing, nothing in the world, unless you can laugh at their intentions, extremely stretched and done with cruel pain, to do you service.	0
he speaks well .	0
here’s to your health .	0
don’t be cruel ,  demetrius .	0
if any ships are sailing ,  i’ll get right on one .	0
a carrion death ,  within whose empty eye there is a written scroll ?	0
i rather think you have not sought her help ,  of whose soft grace for the like loss i have her sovereign aid ,  and rest myself content .	0
let me not ,  since i have my dukedom got and pardoned the deceiver ,  dwell in this bare island by your spell ,  but release me from my bands with the help of your good hands .	0
even the fragile wren ,  the smallest of birds ,  will fight against the owl when it threatens her young ones in the nest .	0
by this hand ,  i love thee .	0
will you dine with me tomorrow ?	0
i am justly kill'd with mine own treachery.	0
if you grow foul with me ,  pistol ,  i will scour you with my rapier ,  as i may ,  in fair terms .	0
he’s as tall a man as any ’s in illyria .	0
how do you ,  cassio ? —oh ,  a chair ,  a chair !	0
put out the light, and then put out the light.	0
one voice speaks well and talks about his friend .	0
ere i ope his letter ,  i pray you tell me how my good friend doth .	0
okay.	0
i kill my husband dead a second time when second husband kisses me in bed .	0
hey ,  are you biting your thumb at us ?	0
some people will laugh at anything ,  and others are so grouchy they won’t even crack a smile when they hear something hysterically funny .	0
hate me !	0
no one that i love more than myself.	0
mistress !	0
what say you ,  hugh rebeck ?	0
we fail!	0
never.	0
by my count ,  i was your mother much upon these years that you are now a maid .	0
he’s safe ,  antony .	0
and be all traitors that do so?	0
now.	0
do ,  good my friend .	0
i would do much t' atone them ,  for the love i bear to cassio .	0
i humbly thank you .	0
he is in love with hero .	0
first ,  i ask thee what they have done; thirdly ,  i ask thee what’s their offense; sixth and lastly ,  why they are committed; and ,  to conclude ,  what you lay to their charge .	0
you cannot ,  sir ,  take from me anything that i will more willingly part with ,  except my life ,  except my life ,  except my life .	0
don’t you think you should go to bed ,  malvolio ?	0
if there come truth from them— as upon thee, macbeth, their speeches shine— why, by the verities on thee made good, may they not be my oracles as well and set me up in hope?	0
some innocents ’scape not the thunderbolt .	0
why do you ask ?	0
why ,  look there !	0
is it my lady mother ?	0
and so return to you, and nothing else?	0
i promise .	0
i will dispatch it straight .	0
ay ,  my lord .	0
i think we are too bold to interrupt your sleep.	0
go in, nerissa; give order to my servants, that they take no note at all of our being absent hence; nor you, lorenzo:—jessica, nor you.	0
last night, when that star up there, that's west of the north pole, had moved around to light that part of the sky where now it burns, marcellus and myself, the clock’s bell then tolling one, quiet, stop!	0
i think he told me paris was going to marry juliet.	0
my liege and madam ,  to expostulate what majesty should be ,  what duty is ,  why day is day ,  night night ,  and time is time ,  were nothing but to waste night ,  day ,  and time .	0
this tune goes manly.	0
you have a good ear.	0
tut !	0
give me a living reason why she's unfaithful .	0
what kind of storm is this that blows so opposed to nature ?	0
my heart is wondrous light ,  since this same wayward girl is so reclaim'd .	0
let me not hinder, cassius, your desires; i'll leave you.	0
i hope ,  for my brother’s justification ,  he wrote this but as an essay or taste of my virtue .	0
are you going to watch again tonight ?	0
why ,  by making him uncapable of othello’s place: knocking out his brains .	0
if i can trust my dreams ,  then some joyful news is coming soon .	0
you can’t mean what you’re saying .	0
eros ,  wouldst thou be windowed in great rome and see thy master thus with pleached arms ,  bending down his corrigible neck ,  his face subdued to penetrative shame ,  whilst the wheeled seat of fortunate caesar ,  drawn before him ,  branded his baseness that ensued ?	0
o, wilt thou darkling leave me?	0
go to, go to; you have known what you should not.	0
o, carry him out of the air.	0
the general and his wife are talking of it ,  and she speaks for you stoutly .	0
but come ,  young waverer ,  come ,  go with me ,  in one respect i’ll thy assistant be ,  for this alliance may so happy prove to turn your households' rancor to pure love .	0
peace ,  peace !	0
what is the matter ?	0
my masters ,  are you mad ?	0
poor souls, the perished.	0
all is confirm'd ,  my lord ,  which was reported .	0
nobody delivered it ,  my lord .	0
is it good - den ?	0
man ,  they were asking for it .	0
drowned ,  drowned .	0
there’s a husband there who’s waiting to make you his wife .	0
watch me like argus .	0
say that some lady ,  as perhaps there is ,  hath for your love a great a pang of heart as you have for olivia .	0
how old are you ?	0
what committed!	0
the noble brutus is on the platform.	0
i think ,  i'faith ,  she loves me .	0
it really is good to see you .	0
let us hear what antony can say .	0
it’s as easy as lying.	0
if there is a man like that ,  heaven pardon him !	0
i’ll claim that promise at your grace’s hands .	0
do the boys carry it away ?	0
don’t talk of him except as a property.	0
o, in this kind of love, you love your child so badly that you are going crazy, seeing that she is well.	0
so ,  farewell .	0
onward ,  lover boys !	0
you should know ,  my friends ,  that i have good hopes for tomorrow ,  and that i will lead you as if i expect victory rather than an honorable death .	0
go to a convent ,  go .	0
i hear some noise.	0
now cracks a noble heart.	0
come, my coach!	0
it’s right i should be used this way, very right.	0
he brought many captives home to rome whose ransoms brought wealth to the city .	0
when prospero is destroyed.	0
i prithee name the time ,  but let it not exceed three days .	0
now i see it’s true .	0
go wherever you want .	0
and did you leave him like this ?	0
that’s how someone who’s been murdered should look ,  and that’s how i look .	0
how are you ,  desdemona ?	0
come ,  grey .	0
no ,  nor more fearful .	0
oh, i am out of breath in this happy chase!	0
by mary ,  how ?	0
my name is pistol called .	0
o upright ,  just ,  and true - disposing god ,  how do i thank thee that this carnal cur preys on the issue of his mother’s body and makes her pew - fellow with others' moan !	0
cursed be my tribe if i forgive him !	0
here's decius brutus ,  he shall tell them so .	0
we need to stay away from each other until midnight tomorrow .	0
i am tame, sir.	0
and as surely as i am alive ,  i am a virgin .	0
our time does call upon's.	0
i go ,  and it’s done; the bell invites me .	0
oh ,  he’s crazy ,  laertes !	0
wipe thine eyes .	0
fair and noble hostess ,  we are your guests tonight .	0
prithee say true !	0
you aren’t wood ,  you aren’t stones ,  you are men; and ,  being men ,  hearing the will of caesar ,  it will inflame you; it will make you crazy .	0
affection ?	0
only my free will—nothing else .	0
and keep yourself hidden ,  i command you .	0
farewell .	0
now, fellow, what's there?	0
sconce ”  call you it ?	0
were the same age.	0
whether this be or be not ,  i’ll not swear .	0
so, using my lecture and advice from before, you shall check on my son.	0
oh ,  dear judgment ,  how his words are suited !	0
and why, my lady wisdom?	0
show !	0
playing the lord like that ,  not only with what my money yielded ,  but also whatever else my power might get him , —like one who having lied so often by telling it enough ,  made his memory such a sinner that it gave truth to his own lie , —he believed he was indeed the duke ,  making substitution for me ,  and wearing the outward show of royalty ,  with all rights and privileges . —here his ambition growing— are you listening ?	0
some of them will fall tomorrow ,  i hope .	0
sweet remembrancer !	0
to testify is not proof ,  without wider and more open tests than these thin habits and poor probabilities of modern liking prefer against him .	0
we don’t want you to think we came here to offend you ,  except that we want to offend you with our good intentions .	0
if aught of woe or wonder, cease your search.	0
as for your coming in to dinner ,  just do what you feel is right .	0
let us go, for it is after midnight, and ere day we will awake him and be sure of him.	0
my lord?	0
ok ,  say no more .	0
out, you bag of garbage!	0
i hope he is much grown since last i saw him .	0
her bottom .	0
trinculo ,  if you trouble him any more in his tale ,  by this hand ,  i will displace some of your teeth .	0
such a wagon driver as phaeton (the son of the sun god) would whip you to the west and bring in a cloudy night immediately .	0
i’ll follow in the center of the troop formation ,  which i’ll defend with my best horse ,  and with saint george on my side ,  as well !	0
my life upon her faith!	0
how silent is this town!	0
what’s wrong ?	0
why ,  gentle sweet ,  you shall see no such thing .	0
very good ,  sir .	0
she has betrayed me and shall die .	0
why ,  she comes to borrow nothing of them .	0
i would whip such honest rogues.	0
if thou wilt needs damn thyself ,  do it a more delicate way than drowning .	0
no ,  who are you talking about ?	0
larded all with sweet flowers; which bewept to the grave did not go with true-love showers.	0
anyway ,  what should we do ?	0
with all my heart ,  if you can get a wife .	0
but you don’t have any of the symptoms my uncle told me about .	0
bring your master home .	0
the galleys have sent a dozen sequent messengers this very night at one another's heels; and many of the consuls ,  raised and met ,  are at the duke's already .	0
thy death and fortunes bid thy followers fly .	0
i cannot live out of her company .	0
hang ,  cur ,  hang ,  you whoreson ,  insolent noise -  maker !	0
i’d rather carry a reed that obviously can’t protect me than a sword i cannot lift .	0
and wanted to see you with laces crisscrossed over your legs .  ”  crisscrossed ?	0
i would have thought she was invincible against any assault of love .	0
i go ,  i go; look how i go ,  swifter than arrow from the tartar's bow .	0
apollo plays ,  and twenty cagèd nightingales do sing: or wilt thou sleep ?	0
but i don’t get it—what’s the joke ?	0
he’s definitely drunk now .	0
is not this the day that hermia should give answer of her choice ?	0
this lion is a very fox for his courage.	0
calphurnia !	0
i will ,  madam .	0
thou speak'st it well .	0
i speak no treason .	0
i know you .	0
the minute of their plot is almost come . —well done .	0
three times calpurnia has cried out in her sleep, "help, oh!	0
but stay calm ,  and don’t get carried away by rage ,  or i’ll think you’re not a man .	0
rescue ,  my lord of norfolk ,  rescue ,  rescue !	0
i beg you to let me speak with you, o, my good lord!	0
where nothing ,  but who knows nothing ,  is once seen to smile; where sighs and groans and shrieks that rend the air ,  are made ,  not mark'd; where violent sorrow seems a modern ecstasy .	0
i have them ready .	0
o calm, dishonorable, vile submission!	0
what need’st thou run so many mile about when thou mayst tell thy tale the nearest way ?	0
richard is looking cheerful today .	0
do you know anyone who would kill someone for money ?	0
as caesar loved me, i weep for him; as he was fortunate, i rejoice at it; as he was valiant, i honor him; but, as he was ambitious, i killed him.	0
is my father well ?	0
o my heart!	0
bear with my weakness .	0
who can stain that name with a just accusation ?	0
listen ,  fairy king .	0
women are like roses: the moment their beauty is in full bloom ,  it’s about to decay .	0
fare you well .	0
now, by heaven, my blood begins my safer guides to rule, and passion, having my best judgement collied, assays to lead the way.	0
a lot of words .	0
if it shall please you to make me a wholesome answer ,  i will do your mother’s commandment .	0
is't true ?	0
go to her and tell her for me .	0
now ,  darting parthia ,  art thou struck ,  and now pleased fortune does of marcus crassus’ death make me revenger .	0
an’ a speak anything against me, i'll take him down, an’ a were lustier than he is, and twenty such jacks; and if i cannot, i'll find those that shall.	0
halt !	0
so are you ,  sweet ,  even in the lovely garnish of a boy .	0
my daughter !	0
rude ragged nurse ,  old sullen playfellow for tender princes ,  use my babies well .	0
seek thou rather to be hanged in compassing thy joy than to be drowned and go without her .	0
go back to bed; it isn’t day.	0
sweet friends, your patience for my long abode: not i, but my affairs, have made you wait: when you shall please to play the thieves for wives, i'll watch as long for you then.—approach; here dwells my father jew.—ho!	0
i am now so far stepped in blood that, if i don’t wade in it any more, it doesn’t matter if i am getting out of it or going over it.	0
nothing in his life became him like the leaving it; he died as one that had been studied in his death ,  to throw away the dearest thing he owed as ’twere a careless trifle .	0
verona's summer does not have such a flower of a man.	0
and all the better is it for the maid .	0
the gallants desire it .	0
but ships are but boards ,  sailors but men .	0
am i myself ?	0
set the honorable old man down and let him eat .	0
the tyrannous and bloody act is done ,  the most arch deed of piteous massacre that ever yet this land was guilty of .	0
then ,  if we lose this battle ,  you are contented to be led in triumph thorough the streets of rome ?	0
no, make it two more; let it be written in eight and eight.	0
get you to church ,  and have a good priest that can tell you what marriage is .	0
if the balance of our lives had not one scale of reason to balance another of sensuality, the blood and baseness of our natures would lead us to very preposterous conclusions.	0
that which i gave you .	0
okay .	0
nor i ,  my lord .	0
come ,  explain .	0
keep this man safe ,  give him all kindness; i would rather have such men as my friends than enemies .	0
yet you have all the vantage of her wrong .	0
nay ,  their endeavour keeps in the wonted pace; but there is ,  sir ,  an eyrie of children ,  little eyases ,  that cry out on the top of question and are most tyrannically clapped for't .	0
can you remember a time before we came to this dwelling ?	0
we will proceed no further in this business .	0
such welcome and unwelcome things at once ’tis hard to reconcile .	0
that sir which serves and seeks for gain ,   and follows but for form ,   will pack when it begins to rain  and leave thee in the storm .	0
i am not bid for love .	0
thou poisonous slave, got by the devil himself upon thy wicked dam, come forth!	0
as it is god’s will and pleasure ,  captain ,  i entreat you to come quickly to the king .	0
i do begin to have bloody thoughts .	0
very vilely in the morning ,  when he is sober; and most vilely in the afternoon ,  when he is drunk: when he is best ,  he is a little worse than a man; and when he is worst ,  he is little better than a beast: and the worst fall that ever fell ,  i hope i shall make shift to go without him .	0
i am gone ,  though i am here .	0
but his punishment was bitter death .	0
sir ,  i shall study deserving .	0
call claudio and some other of my men .	0
your husband lies dead there ,  and paris too .	0
and now about the cauldron sing ,  like elves and fairies in a ring ,  enchanting all that you put in .	0
no ,  he was wicked and vile .	0
well then ,  legitimate edgar ,  i must have your land .	0
what news?	0
ariel, thy charge exactly is performed; but there's more work.	0
croak not ,  black angel .	0
but he that tempered thee bade thee stand up ,  gave thee no instance why thou shouldst do treason ,  unless to dub thee with the name of traitor .	0
do they grow rusty?	0
no ,  caesar ,  we will answer on their charge .	0
the mighty dukes ,  gloucester and buckingham .	0
i will ,  my lord .	0
is ’t gone ?	0
can she give that away too ?	0
they have wings .	0
and wherefore doth lysander deny your love ,  so rich within his soul ,  and tender me ,  forsooth ,  affection ,  but by your setting on ,  by your consent ?	0
how will you live ?	0
you love me not.	0
nobody come?	0
stay on thy peril; i alone will go.	0
if your wife’s not a madwoman ,  and you tell her how much i deserve this ring ,  she won’t stay angry at you forever if you give it to me .	0
i did not think you could have been so angry .	0
you bastards !	0
you shall play it in a mask ,  and you may speak as small as you will .	0
are you sure we’re awake ?	0
they were villains ,  murderers .	0
i won’t lodge any more than that under my roof .	0
good lords ,  make all the speedy haste you may .	0
let pride ,  which she calls plainness ,  marry her .	0
when roscius was an actor in rome—  the actors are come hither ,  my lord .	0
nay ,  their endeavor keeps in the wonted pace .	0
now he feels his title hang loose about him, like a giant's robe upon a dwarfish thief.	0
not that i love you not .	0
i feel bad for scaring you like this ,  but it would be much worse for me to let you come to harm .	0
by report i know him well .	0
listen ,  listen !	0
since birth is heaven and heaven is earth ,  all three meet in you at once ,  which you would lose at once .	0
ay ,  my lord .	0
if he bleeds, i'll smear the faces of the grooms with it, because it must seem that they are guilty.	0
othello!	0
is his army approaching ?	0
this is what happened: he and cleopatra sat on chairs of gold on a silver - covered stage in the marketplace .	0
yes ,  there it is .	0
ok ,  we’ll leave you then until dinnertime .	0
nor nothing in your letters writ of her ?	0
how are you, laertes?	0
go away!	0
oh what a curse marriage is !	0
are we all ready ?	0
thanks ,  you brave men who defend this island and respect othello .	0
mine ,  sir .	0
when was it she last walked ?	0
come ,  you look paler and paler .	0
how oft to - night have my old feet stumbled at graves !	0
will you sup with me tonight, casca?	0
don’t worry ,  man ,  i won’t try to escape .	0
ha ,  art thou bedlam ?	0
i know him well .	0
look what i have .	0
remember first to possess his books ,  for without them he’s but a sot ,  as i am ,  nor hath not one spirit to command .	0
not see him since ?	0
tell me ,  friar ,  in what part of my body is my name embedded ?	0
they are all but stomachs ,  and we all but food .	0
the man that once did sell the lion’s skin while the beast lived was killed with hunting him .	0
i do the wrong and am the first to start quarrels .	0
he brings you figs .	0
sing me now asleep; then to your offices ,  and let me rest .	0
please invite them in .	0
cassio screwed her; ask your husband otherwise.	0
so be it !	0
it’s not fair to punish me for something you make me do .	0
look here, here he is, disfigured, as you can see, by traitors.	0
but she is wise .	0
if trembling i inhabit then ,  protest me the baby of a girl .	0
haven’t those in charge of it returned yet ?	0
perchance even there where i did find my doubts.	0
it’s time for us to stand guard .	0
commend me to your daughter .	0
seriously ,  cousin ,  i love a woman .	0
set your heart at rest .	0
eat where you can, you won’t live with me.	0
o dolt !	0
if my lady have not called up her steward malvolio and bid him turn you out of doors ,  never trust me .	0
tis not the first time you were overshot .	0
joy ,  gentle friends ,  joy and fresh days of love accompany your hearts !	0
i have a ship full of treasure .	0
signior ,  is your family all inside ?	0
by day and night he wrongs me .	0
good morning ,  general .	0
is that the meaning of  “ accost ”  ?	0
who saw cesario ,  ho ?	0
why, now you die as bravely as titinius, and may be honored, being cato's son.	0
and let me the small drink clink, clink; and let me the small drink clink.	0
nay ,  blush not ,  cleopatra .	0
would you were not sick !	0
no ,  my good lord; but ,  as you did command ,  i did repel his letters and denied his access to me .	0
sir, i will walk here in the hall.	0
i prithee ,  be my god .	0
ay ,  or very falsely pocket up his report .	0
tell me ,  is it missing ?	0
offer yourself more respect ,  or—not to beat this word to death—you’ll offer me the chance to be a laughing - stock .	0
o, shut the door!	0
his speech was like a tangled chain; nothing impaired, but all disordered.	0
ho ,  guildenstern !	0
and here i stand ,  both to impeach and purge ,  myself condemnèd and myself excused .	0
fare you well.	0
when the forked blue lightning seemed to break open the sky ,  i put myself right where i thought it would hit .	0
oh ,  is this he ?	0
where did you leave him?	0
i beg you, stop making curtsies, good sir.	0
heaven knows what she has known.	0
do i look like a cudgel ,  or a hovel - post ,  a staff ,  or a prop ?	0
and let his knights have colder looks among you .	0
what time tomorrow should i send someone to you?	0
no ,  cousin ,  i’m going to fife .	0
i do not well understand that .	0
alas ,  you don’t know; i must tell you then .	0
you are unkind, demetrius; don’t be like that, because you love hermia.	0
i have no will to wander forth of doors ,  yet something leads me forth .	0
nothing ,  good sir ,  but for you to help mr .  cobweb scratch my head .	0
to tell thee thou shalt see me at philippi .	0
why ,  she would hang on him as if increase of appetite had grown by what it fed on ,  and yet ,  within a month— let me not think on ’t .	0
i am sorry for you; you are here to answer a rock - like opponent ,  an inhuman wretch ,  incapable of pity ,  void and empty of any ounce of mercy .	0
you see how simple and how in love i am.	0
god bless you ,  mr .	0
i pray you, sirs, lie in my tent and sleep; it may be i shall raise you by and by on business to my brother cassius.	0
you sent for me ,  sir ?	0
said he not so?	0
i’m sorry ,  you were saying ?	0
by jesus ,  i am your majesty’s countryman ,  and i don’t care who knows it .	0
but now mine eyes ,  which i have darted at thee ,  hurt thee not .	0
come, come, thou art as hot a jack in thy mood as any in italy; and as soon moved to be moody, and as soon moody to be moved.	0
tell me, that i may rip the hateful mansion apart.	0
a quarrel ,  hey ,  already !	0
where i have learned how to repent the sin of my stubbornness and disobedience to you and your requests; and i am commanded by holy lawrence to fall flat on the floor here ,  to beg your forgiveness .	0
speak, for my heart is full.	0
so be it .	0
save his majesty !	0
now he importunes him to tell it o'er .	0
i won’t say no to you ,  but let it be known that i’m only doing this after a lot of persuasion and to save your life —i hear you were quickly wasting away without me .	0
this is a slight unmeritable man ,  meet to be sent on errands .	0
bassanio ,  we’ll say goodbye for now ,  since you’ve found antonio .	0
true ,  he hath my love; and what is mine my love shall render him; and she is mine; and all my right of her i do estate unto demetrius .	0
sweet lady ,  ho ,  ho .	0
by mary, that, i think, is young petruchio.	0
the duke does greet you ,  general ,  and he requires your haste - post - haste appearance ,  even on the instant .	0
an earnest conjuration from the king ,  as england was his faithful tributary ,  as love between them like the palm might flourish ,  as peace should still her wheaten garland wear and stand a comma 'tween their amities ,  and many such like as's of great charge ,  that on the view and knowing of these contents ,  without debatement further ,  more or less ,  he should the bearers put to sudden death ,  not shriving - time allow'd .	0
you did it ?	0
this is a good agreement .	0
the advancement of your children ,  noble lady .	0
one word more, good lady.	0
moonshine and lion are left to bury the dead .	0
who is he that was not born of woman?	0
i will go seek him .	0
are your doors locked ?	0
hear antony; most noble antony !	0
he reads a lot; he’s a great observer ,  and actually he looks through the deeds of men .	0
i’m going to find some shade and sigh until he returns .	0
death ,  that hath ta'en her hence to make me wail ,  ties up my tongue and will not let me speak .	0
well moused, lion.	0
i mean, if we are angry, we will draw our swords.	0
ay ,  sir .	0
it’s as strange as this other thing which i don’t understand .	0
o gertrude, come away!	0
listen ,  she loved her cousin tybalt dearly ,  and so did i .	0
i'm going to my pull-out bed; this field-bed is too cold for me to sleep in.	0
your mother's poisoned .	0
they have not been commanded ,  mighty king .	0
i know you are of her bosom .	0
i loved you ever.	0
and but one word with one of us?	0
if our father would sleep till i waked him ,  you should enjoy half his revenue forever ,  and live the beloved of your brother ,        edgar .  ”   hum ,  conspiracy ?	0
of all men else i have avoided you.	0
young men’s love then lies not truly in their hearts ,  but in their eyes .	0
my wife !	0
be warned by me ,  then: they that ride so ,  and ride not warily ,  fall into foul bogs .	0
o ,  let me not be mad ,  not mad ,  sweet heaven !	0
i had no sense of judgment when i swore love to her.	0
thy currish spirit governed a wolf who ,  hanged for human slaughter ,  even from the gallows did his fell soul fleet ,  and whilst thou layest in thy unhallowed dam infused itself in thee ,  for thy desires are wolvish ,  bloody ,  starved ,  and ravenous .	0
rather make my country’s high pyramides my gibbet and hang me up in chains !	0
gloucester’s eyes ?	0
i never may believe these antique fables, or these fairy toys.	0
speak to her, hamlet.	0
see this dispatched with all the haste thou canst: anon i’ll give thee more instructions .	0
therefore use none .	0
that villain cousin would have killed my husband .	0
is there any man has rebused your worship ?	0
and most chirurgeonly.	0
one hundred sixty - eight hours ?	0
antony did tell me of you ,  bade me trust you ,  but i do not greatly care to be deceived ,  that have no use for trusting .	0
brutus has torn my heart.	0
well, thou shalt see, thy eyes shall be thy judge, the difference of old shylock and bassanio:— what, jessica!—thou shalt not gormandise, as thou hast done with me;—what, jessica!— and sleep, and snore, and rend apparel out;— why, jessica, i say!	0
i’ll go ,  sir ,  and not trouble you .	0
yet i insisted ,  yet you answer'd not ,  but with an angry wafture of your hand gave sign for me to leave you .	0
cry but  “ ay me !  ”  pronounce but  “ love ”  and  “ dove .  ”  speak to my gossip venus one fair word ,  one nickname for her purblind son and heir ,  young abraham cupid ,  he that shot so true when king cophetua loved the beggar maid . — he heareth not ,  he stirreth not ,  he moveth not .	0
it faded on the crowing of the cock .	0
and you must cut this flesh from off his breast .	0
he doesn’t speak latin ,  french ,  or italian ,  and you know how little english i speak .	0
i agree, and then is death a benefit.	0
here comes kent .	0
well ,  then ,  that’s how it is .	0
the forests ,  the skies ,  the mountains ,  everything around us seemed to echo the barks of the hounds .	0
can someone fall in love this quickly ?	0
ay ,  my good lord .	0
masters ,  play here ,  i will content your pains; something that's brief; and bid  “ good morrow ,  general .  ”  why ,  masters ,  have your instruments been in naples ,  that they speak i' the nose thus ?	0
what conquest does he bring home ?	0
there is further compliment of leave - taking between france and him .	0
this wind you talk of blows us from our party crashing.	0
herald ,  save thou thy labor .	0
or is it some trick and no such thing?	0
well ,  sir ,  learn to jest in good time .	0
o valiant cousin!	0
my hour is almost come when i to sulfurous and tormenting flames must render up myself .	0
come away .	0
if you had any sense of pity ,  or manners ,  you wouldn’t pretend to fight over me like this .	0
kings have trembled to kiss this hand .	0
what ,  will you wash him from his grave with tears ?	0
they are loves i bear to you .	0
if he do resist ,  subdue him at his peril .	0
the more fool ,  madonna ,  to mourn for your brother’s soul being in heaven .	0
so do we all .	0
i have nothing with this answer ,  hamlet .	0
i drunk !	0
norfolk ,  we’re going to have a few blows ,  right ?	0
you were sent for ,  and there is a kind of confession in your looks ,  which you are not very good at hiding .	0
look at your house ,  your daughter ,  and your bags !	0
revenge his foul and most unnatural murder.	0
as i remember ,  this should be the house .	0
art thou there, truepenny?	0
but please ,  forgive me ,  your highness .	0
i hit hard when i’m angry .	0
to whom ,  my lord ?	0
behold !	0
what thinkest thou of his opinion ?	0
i don’t	0
tis all one .	0
if i were in england now ,  like i was once ,  and i had even a painted picture of this fish ,  every fool there would give me a piece of silver to look at it .	0
i didn’t order it .	0
good night.	0
i am glad he’s come ,  howsoe'er he comes .	0
i want you to live ,  since to me ,  death is happiness .	0
but come ,  your italian country dance; forget your epilogue .	0
now he goes ,  with no less presence ,  but with much more love ,  than young alcides ,  when he did redeem the virgin tribute paid by howling troy to the sea - monster: i stand for sacrifice ,  the rest aloof are the dardanian wives ,  with bleared visages ,  come forth to view the issue of the exploit .	0
let’s leave him .	0
i loved him ,  as much as any father ever loved his son .	0
i pray thee ,  hold thy peace .	0
and why does lysander deny your love ,  so rich within his soul ,  and give me ,  indeed ,  affection ,  except by your putting them up to it ,  by your consent ?	0
your wit is a very bitter sweetness; it is a most sharp sauce.	0
what's your will?	0
thanks ,  you the valiant of this warlike isle that so approve the moor .	0
your eyes are playing tricks on you .	0
put your torches out .	0
teach me to forget to think !	0
ay, and a bold one, that dare look on that which might appal the devil.	0
these ears of mine ,  thou know’st did hear thee .	0
look how politely it’s pointing you to a place that’s farther away .	0
i didn’t hear it .	0
lucius !	0
where is kind hastings ?	0
poison ,  i see ,  hath been his timeless end . — o churl ,  drunk all ,  and left no friendly drop to help me after ?	0
how the sailing ship leaves her native port like a youngster or a spendthrift hugged and embraced by the prostitute wind!	0
will they not say afterwards, if they should grow themselves to common players—as it is most like, if their means are no better—their writers do them wrong to make them exclaim against their own succession?	0
lesser than macbeth and greater .	0
i know young bloods look for a time of rest .	0
i would govern with perfection like yours ,  sir ,  to surpass the golden age .	0
this by calpurnia's dream is signified .	0
come ,  let us to the castle .	0
she will give him a written invitation to some supper .	0
if you could hurt us ,  your swords are now too heavy for your strengths ,  and won’t be lifted up .	0
my honour'd lord ,  you know right well you did ,  and with them words of so sweet breath compos'd as made the things more rich .	0
send thy man away .	0
among the ten thousand the french have lost only sixteen hundred are mercenaries .	0
messala ,  today is my birthday—i was born on this very day .	0
alack ,  where are you ?	0
with him ?	0
could not this make thee know ,  the hate i bare thee made me leave thee so ?	0
see it done and feast the army .	0
i had as lief have a reed that will do me no service as a partisan i could not heave .	0
that i might sleep out this great gap of time my antony is away .	0
and so farewell ,  signior lucentio .	0
she swoons to see them bleed.	0
you there ,  sir ,  come here please .	0
then ,  my queen ,  in sad silence ,  we dance after night's darkness .	0
the wind sits in the best part of your sail ,  and the ship waits for you .	0
tell me this ,  i pray: where have you left the money that i gave you ?	0
hail !	0
i am satisfied in nature ,  whose motive ,  in this case ,  should move me the most to my revenge .	0
i swear to god it’s true ,  sir .	0
he hath been in unusual pleasure ,  and sent forth great largess to your offices .	0
god willing ,  our love and our happiness will only increase as we get older .	0
okay ,  but tonight doesn’t count .	0
to sebastian] ay ,  and a subtle ,  as he most learnedly delivered .	0
being holiday ,  the beggar’s shop is shut .	0
you gave an excellent performance .	0
what do you say ,  hermia ?	0
for when mine hours were nice and lucky ,  men did ransom lives of me for jests; but now i’ll set my teeth and send to darkness all that stop me .	0
if you are not ashamed to show, he won’t be ashamed to tell you what it means.	0
outside, my lord, guarded, to know what you want.	0
what’s to say ?	0
fly further off ,  my lord ,  fly further off; mark antony is in your tents ,  my lord .	0
open ’t ,  and read it .	0
past question ,  for thou seest it will not curl by nature .	0
that’s a good song .	0
yes ,  but not out of fear .	0
ay ,  two hours together .	0
i’m tired of it ,  and you say you’re tired of it too .	0
tomorrow night make sure that you are alone .	0
before god, an excellent song.	0
no .	0
your face is mine ,  and you have slandered it .	0
his reason well i know .	0
my lord, do as you please, but if you think it’s ok, after the play, let his queen mother talk to him all alone and beg him to share his problem.	0
it will give you some protection from this storm .	0
buckingham himself has wandered away alone to who knows where .	0
if you prick us ,  do we not bleed ?	0
out upon you !	0
from this moment the very firstlings of my heart shall be the firstlings of my hand.	0
the body is with the king, but the king is not with the body.	0
stay ,  jaques ,  stay .	0
observe her ,  stand close .	0
think yourself a baby ,  that you have ta'en these tenders for true pay ,  which are not sterling .	0
hark .	0
listen ,  listen ,  o ,  listen !	0
i’ll not answer that but say it is my humour .	0
don’t be her maid, since she is so jealous.	0
there’s a fool sharing my bed now .	0
hello, good cassio!	0
o, don’t tell me about fear!	0
and what is that music ?	0
a very ribbon in the cap of youth ,  but necessary too ,  for youth doesn’t look less well in the fun and reckless clothes that it wears than old age settles for his black furs and woolens ,  showing health and seriousness .	0
there, take it, prince, and if my form lie there, then i am yours.	0
would none but i might venge my cousin's death!	0
i'll have the work ta'en out ,  and give't iago .	0
it’s a deal.	0
katherine the shrew !  ”  that’s the worst thing you can call a young woman .	0
bring me the fairest creature northward born, where phoebus' fire scarce thaws the icicles, and let us make incision for your love, to prove whose blood is reddest, his, or mine.	0
their residence, both in reputation and profit, was better both ways.	0
you see ,  her eyes are open .	0
tybalt, my cousin!	0
but what of cicero ?	0
hoo !	0
i'll make thee an example.	0
give me some light.	0
well ,  i’ll go to scone .	0
listen to me, forget about her.	0
there is a tide in the affairs of men which ,  if taken at high tide ,  leads to good luck; not taken ,  all the voyages of their lives are bound to end in shallows and in miseries .	0
art thou thus boldened ,  man ,  by thy distress or else a rude despiser of good manners ,  that in civility thou seem’st so empty ?	0
you belong to her .	0
i’ll drain the life out of him .	0
only be patient until we have pacified the multitude ,  who are beside themselves with fear ,  and then we will tell you the reason why i ,  that loved caesar when i struck him ,  have acted this way .	0
some startling news has just arrived ,  sir .	0
i am glad of it .	0
they shall have none ,  i swear ,  but these my joints ,  which ,  if they have ,  as i will leave 'em them ,  shall yield them little .	0
with cassio ,  mistress .	0
here comes the little villain herself .	0
is he dead ?	0
the citizens are up, and tybalt is dead.	0
after a little while ,  i’ll beat him too .	0
shush ,  sir ,  please !	0
o ,  thou didst prophesy the time would come that i should wish for thee to help me curse that bottled spider ,  that foul bunch - backed toad !	0
and you’re right to do so .	0
good guard until their greater pleasures first be known that are to censure them .	0
worthy cawdor !	0
i pray you ,  though you mock me ,  gentlemen ,  let her not hurt me .	0
therefore prepare to die .	0
why should i play the roman fool and die on my own sword ?	0
sure ,  these are but imaginary wiles ,  and lapland sorcerers inhabit here .	0
here's yet some liquor left.	0
my love thou art ,  my love ,  i think .	0
is the single man therefore blessed ?	0
that’s another bad deal i’ve made ! —a bankrupt ,  a spendthrift ,  who now has to hide his head on the rialto ,  a beggar who used to look so smug in front of the other merchants .	0
silence!	0
lord ,  how it looks about !	0
i hate it when i hear a blustery actor in a wig tear a passion to shreds ,  bursting everyone’s eardrums so as to impress the audience on the lower levels of the playhouse ,  who for the most part can only appreciate loud noises and pantomime shows .	0
her chaste ,  white gown is only sick and green ,  and only fools wear it .	0
young budding virgin ,  fair and fresh and sweet ,  whither away ,  or where is thy abode ?	0
but oh ,  what a deceiver he turned out to be !	0
since she belongs to me, i may dispose of her, which shall be either to this gentleman or to her death, according to our law which is fit to these circumstances.	0
she is importunate ,  indeed distract .	0
but, to go back to where i started, our wills and fates run in so much in different directions, that our plans are still turned upside down, our thoughts are ours, but their results aren’t ours.	0
but lest myself be guilty to self wrong ,  i’ll stop mine ears against the mermaid’s song .	0
ho!	0
it’s better to be with the dead ,  whom we have sent to their peace to gain our peace ,  than to lie on a bed ,  torturing of the mind in a restless frenzy .	0
i will depart in quiet and ,  in despite of mirth ,  mean to be merry .	0
and it is very much lamented ,  brutus ,  that you have no such mirrors as will turn your hidden worthiness into your eye that you might see your shadow .	0
it’s all still yours .	0
there is but one hope in it that can do you any good ,  and that is but a kind of bastard hope neither .	0
go to !	0
my lord and lady ,  it is now our time ,  that have stood by and seen our wishes prosper ,  to cry ,   “ good joy ,  good joy ,  my lord and lady !  ”  my lord bassanio and my gentle lady ,  i wish you all the joy that you can wish ,  for i am sure you can wish none from me .	0
labio and flavio ,  push our armies onward .	0
i follow you.	0
juno and ceres whisper seriously .	0
you shall not choose but drink before you go .	0
thou art a fool .	0
indeed ,  hero herself can !	0
come on ,  antonio .	0
now, what news on the rialto?	0
i never saw this before.	0
here ,  sir ,  is a ring she asked me give you ,  sir .	0
if ,  then ,  that friend demands to know why i rose up against caesar ,  this is my answer: it’s not that i loved caesar less ,  but that i loved rome more .	0
a very ribbon in the cap of youth, but necessary too, for youth doesn’t look less well in the fun and reckless clothes that it wears than old age settles for his black furs and woolens, showing health and seriousness.	0
we shall be much unfurnish'd for this time.	0
poor venomous fool be angry and dispatch .	0
therefore ,  get to your horse ,  and let us not be too dainty in saying goodbye ,  but only sneak away .	0
you would play upon me; you would seem to know my stops; you would pluck out the heart of my mystery; you would sound me from my lowest note to the top of my compass; and there is much music ,  excellent voice ,  in this little organ ,  yet cannot you make it speak .	0
bassanio ,  let him have the ring .	0
therefore tell me the dauphin’s mind frankly and without constraint .	0
such a one i am to fear, not anyone else.	0
o wonderful son, that can so astonish a mother!	0
whereon do you look ?	0
here the count lies slain ,  and juliet bleeding ,  warm ,  and newly dead ,  who has been buried in this tomb for two days .	0
upon what ground?	0
this passion, and the death of a dear friend, would go near to make a man look sad.	0
don’t you realize the duke has also banished me ,  his daughter ?	0
here’s something good .	0
that's the end.	0
good morning to you both .	0
play ,  i say !	0
read it, great caesar.	0
good morrow, father.	0
how did he get such an idea ?	0
are you making all this noise at this time of night because you have no manners ,  or because you’re just stupid ?	0
for who would bear the whips and scorns of time ,  the oppressor's wrong ,  the proud man's contumely ,  the pangs of disprized love ,  the law's delay ,  the insolence of office ,  and the spurns that patient merit of the unworthy takes ,  when he himself might his quietus make with a bare bodkin ?	0
where have you been ,  sister ?	0
i want you to see the difference between us ,  so i pardon you even before you ask for a pardon .	0
don’t scold; i have something for you.	0
should be ” —should buzz !	0
it is the false stew -  ard ,  that stole his master's daughter .	0
why are you so pale ?	0
ah, where's my man?	0
ha!	0
whichever one you want .	0
the turkish preparation makes for rhodes; so was i bid report here to the state by signior angelo .	0
yea ,  even i alone .	0
i wonder none of you have thought of him .	0
it’s a lie ,  you thread ,  you thimble ,  you measurement !	0
i’d rather be a heretic than a schemer with fancy plots .	0
o, what a noble mind here is conquered!	0
or of a courtier, which could say 'good morrow, sweet lord!	0
then there’s life in ’t .	0
is it the king ?	0
be kent unmannerly when lear is mad .	0
there's blood upon thy face.	0
silver .	0
there are some men that don’t love a dead pig; some that are crazy if they see a cat; and others, when they hear the song of the bagpipe, cannot hold their urine, because sympathy, mistress of passion, persuades passion to the mood of what it likes or hates.	0
then put up your pipes in your bag, for i'll away.	0
yes ,  every inch a king .	0
don’t you have any modesty, any maiden shame, any touch of bashfulness?	0
i’ll bury you in a magnificent grave .	0
shall we rouse the night owl in a catch that will draw three souls out of one weaver ?	0
what if it tempts you toward the ocean ,  my lord ,  or to the dreadful summit of the cliff that hangs so threateningly over his base into the sea ,  and once there ,  assumes some other horrible form which might deprive you of the ability to think ,  and draw you into madness ?	0
all is lost !	0
now let it work.	0
for shame ,  you generals !	0
that dreamers often lie.	0
it’s true .	0
it’s difficult to bring two friends together ,  but even mountains can be moved together by earthquakes .	0
what do you think ?	0
since they did plot the means that dusky dis my daughter got, her and her blind boy's scandaled company i have forsworn.	0
what needs to be done ?	0
le roy ?	0
she loved me for the dangers i had passed ,  and i loved her that she did pity them .	0
come, you are too moral.	0
haste me to know't, that i, with wings as swift as meditation or the thoughts of love, may sweep to my revenge.	0
once more ,  i’m leaving .	0
is there a murderer here ?	0
expound unto me ,  boy .	0
i don’t really understand what you mean .	0
mark it, horatio.	0
o ,  reform it altogether !	0
say that thou overheardst us ,  and bid her steal into the pleachèd bower where honeysuckles ripened by the sun forbid the sun to enter ,  like favorites made proud by princes ,  that advance their pride against that power that bred it .	0
this way will i .  disrobe the images if you do find them decked with ceremonies .	0
she’s mine ,  and i’m giving her to demetrius .	0
canst thou bring me to the party?	0
here is the scroll of every man's name, which is thought fit, through all athens, to play in our interlude before the duke and the duchess on his wedding-day at night.	0
get you to bed again .	0
yes ,  for new lovers time passes ten times faster than for couples who’ve been married forever .	0
still, don’t be afraid scotland has harvests enough to satisfy you, of your very own.	0
by my count ,  i was already your mother at just about your age ,  while you remain a virgin .	0
i have been talking with a suitor here ,  a man that languishes in your displeasure .	0
you are jealous now that this is from some mistress ,  some gift .	0
why ,  for that too .	0
indeed ,  my child ,  at saint peter’s church early thursday morning ,  the gallant ,  young ,  and noble gentleman count paris will happily make you a joyful bride .	0
if thou lovest me then ,  steal forth thy father's house tomorrow night; and in the wood ,  a league without the town ,  where i did meet thee once with helena to do observance to a morn of may ,  there will i stay for thee .	0
what is this passion that ties up my tongue ?	0
tarry ,  sweet soul ,  for mine; then fly abreast ,  as in this glorious and well - foughten field we kept together in our chivalry .  ”  upon these words i came and cheered him up .	0
i am very glad to see you .	0
where will the old duke live ?	0
yes ,  sir .	0
i got it from him .	0
thou shalt not have him .	0
let me alone .	0
behold, here is the usurper's cursed head.	0
madam, i shall obey you in all fair commands.	0
god grant that some ,  less noble and less loyal ,  nearer in bloody thoughts ,  and not in blood ,  deserve not worse than wretched clarence did ,  and yet go current from suspicion .	0
that’s what made him crazy .	0
i would she were as lying a gossip in that, as ever knapped ginger, or made her neighbours believe she wept for the death of a third husband.	0
then it’s confirmed !	0
speak not .	0
i never did repent for doing good, nor shall not now; for in companions that do converse and waste the time together, whose souls do bear an equal yoke of love, there must be needs a like proportion of lineaments, of manners, and of spirit; which makes me think, that this antonio, being the bosom lover of my lord, must needs be like my lord.	0
look ,  here i have you .	0
flower of this purple dye ,  hit with cupid's archery ,  sink in apple of his eye .	0
sir, i beg you to come home with me to dinner.	0
who are these people ?	0
come on ,  let me wipe your face .	0
i’d tell them that i saw natives like these—since they must be natives—who are graceful and well - mannered even if they’re monstrous to look at ,  kinder than most human beings you might find— kinder than almost any human .	0
alack ,  for mercy !	0
pull only his name out of his heart and let him go .	0
how many ,  do you guess ?	0
away, go!	0
see how she comes from confession with a happy face .	0
dear love, adieu!	0
it is not honesty in me to discuss what i have seen and known .	0
who's that?	0
let’s go !	0
most potent, grave, and reverend signiors, my very noble and approved good masters, that i have ta'en away this old man's daughter, it is most true; true, i have married her; the very head and front of my offending hath this extent, no more.	0
had you rather caesar were living and die all slaves ,  than that caesar were dead ,  to live all free men ?	0
if this be so ,  why blame you me to love you ?	0
then ,  dreadful trumpet ,  sound the general doom !	0
listen ,  may i have a word with you ?	0
and did they bid you tell her of it ,  madam ?	0
let the devil and his dam haunt you !	0
even he ,  sir .	0
so i charmed their ears that ,  calflike ,  they my lowing followed through toothed briers ,  sharp furzes ,  pricking gorse ,  and thorns ,  which entered their frail shins .	0
many times, you’ve climbed up to the walls and lookout posts, to the towers and windows, yes, to chimney tops, your infants in your arms, and you’ve sat there the entire day, waiting patiently to see great pompey pass through the streets of rome.	0
say something again .	0
i know you are no truant.	0
are you not well?	0
where is this impatient and very unfortunate man?	0
he gets up at nightfall and wanders around till dawn .	0
in your bad strokes, brutus, you give good words.	0
will you withdraw ?	0
he begs you to spare his life .	0
absolutely—so long as he gets the girl .	0
now ,  beshrew my father’s ambition !	0
at lovers’ perjuries, they say jove laughs.	0
witness the hole you made in caesar's heart, crying “long live!	0
did you and he agree to cassio's death ?	0
she's dead .	0
wilt thou slay thyself?	0
hold ,  daughter .	0
two or three more lords and ladies have been married too .	0
from this moment on i have a higher opinion of you than before .	0
this is the fruit of whoring .	0
o ,  give me leave .	0
but we won’t shift the scene to southampton until henry reappears .	0
here's one, a friend, and one that knows you well.	0
so that england may live a long life like this ,  let god say amen !	0
yes ,  you’re speaking very well .	0
that’s all he asks for himself .	0
hello ,  do you have any news ?	0
let my sorrow have the upper hand .	0
for certainly thou art so near the gulf thou needs must be englutted .	0
well, goodbye!	0
come, cassius' sword, and find titinius' heart.	0
to the storm] blow your wind until you burst, so long as there’s room enough for us.	0
hold ,  my hand .	0
goes it against the main of poland ,  sir ,  or for some frontier ?	0
since thou dost give me pains let me remember thee what thou hast promised ,  which is not yet performed me .	0
and thence from athens turn away our eyes to seek new friends and stranger companies .	0
why look you strange on me ?	0
none, man; all idle: whores and knaves.	0
i will be on the right hand; you keep to the left.	0
against some part of poland .	0
give me your torch, boy.	0
the other did not so.	0
what else?	0
what dost thou profess ?	0
i could be convinced if i were like you .	0
which way is it?	0
how say you ,  sir ?	0
can i go forward when my heart is here ?	0
help!	0
the clock hath stricken three .	0
lord, what though?	0
it is my duty ,  sir .	0
i really want to sleep now .	0
mustardseed.	0
you look pale and wild as if you’re going to hurt yourself .	0
i was just knocking to see if anyone was home .	0
how are you out of breath ,  when you have breath to say to me that you are out of breath ?	0
o spartan dog ,  more evil than anguish ,  hunger ,  or the sea !	0
he does confess that he feels himself troubled ,  but he will by no means speak about the cause .	0
he replied ,   “ thou unpossessing bastard !	0
i could teach you how to choose right, but then i am forsworn; so will i never be: so may you miss me; but if you do, you'll make me wish a sin, that i had been forsworn.	0
do, my good friend.	0
your eyes do menace me .	0
to this day ,  the kings of france follow this unspoken rule ,  even though they point to this salic law to bar your highness from inheriting it through the female line .	0
fare you well, my lord.	0
oh ,  let us hence .	0
so the life that died with shame lives in death with glorious fame .	0
lord ,  what fools these mortals be !	0
whether he was combined with those of norway, or did line the rebel with hidden help and vantage, or that with both he labor'd in his country's wreck, i know not; but treasons capital, confess'd and proved, have overthrown him.	0
hath she forsook so many noble matches ,  her father and her country ,  and her friends ,  to be called  “ whore ”  ?	0
what judgment shall i dread ,  doing no wrong ?	0
i'll believe as soon this whole earth may be bored ,  and that the moon may through the centre creep and so displease her brother's noontide with the antipodes .	0
and steep'd in blood ?	0
yes ,  just now ,  my lord .	0
hello there ,  sir !	0
peace, who comes here?	0
why ,  doth not every earthly thing cry shame upon her ?	0
and i do think—or else this brain of mine hunts not the trail of policy so sure as it hath used to do—that i have found the very cause of hamlet’s lunacy .	0
bring here the gentleman who advised you to give away your land .	0
be good enough to hear me out .	0
truly, my name is cinna.	0
the spirit of my father grows strong in me ,  and i will no longer endure it .	0
all ready .	0
cassio, my lord, has killed a young venetian called roderigo.	0
say ,  my spirit ,  how fares the king and ’s followers ?	0
we’re ruined ,  lady ,  we’re ruined !	0
they were villains, murderers.	0
i am not guilty of lysander’s blood .	0
it is a tale told by an idiot ,  full of sound and fury ,  signifying nothing .	0
here it is, i think.	0
it is “music with her silver sound” because musicians have no gold for making sounds.	0
i’ll be at your service .	0
do ’t .	0
hang on a minute—who are you ?	0
truly ,  sir ,  to wear out their shoes ,  to get myself into more work .	0
you ,  you ,  ay ,  you !	0
where souls do couch on flowers ,  we’ll hand in hand ,  and with our sprightly port make the ghosts gaze .	0
he may recover yet .	0
and of women .	0
how may the duke be therewith satisfied ,  whose messengers are here about my side upon some present business of the state to bring me to him ?	0
let me go with him .	0
then have at you with my wit .	0
is signior lucentio at home ,  sir ?	0
madam ,  i go with all convenient speed .	0
i know he’s noble ,  rich ,  young ,  and with a fine reputation .	0
thanks, courteous wall.	0
yes ,  captain ,  but with this acknowledgement: that god fought for us .	0
welcome ,  dear madam .	0
laertes, i must commune with your grief, or you deny me right.	0
good my lord, put your discourse into some frame, and start not so wildly from my affair.	0
i’m divided between two friends who are determined to kill each other .	0
i gave her such a one; 'twas my first gift .	0
compounded it with dust, whereto 'tis kin.	0
that’s comforting .	0
but here come some people ,  right in the nick of time .	0
why then ,  lead on .	0
i am not some fiend of hell: you can’t get rid of me with spells .	0
we'll burn the house of brutus.	0
she is daughter to this famous duke of milan ,  of whom so often i have heard renown but never saw before ,  of whom i have received a second life .	0
no; i will resist such entertainment till mine enemy has more power .	0
if i was, then i shouldn’t ask casca what had happened.	0
why i descend into this bed of death is partly to behold my lady's face, but chiefly to take thence from her dead finger a precious ring—a ring that i must use in dear employment.	0
the king ?	0
he’s a very fool and a prodigal .	0
i am content.	0
a jealous hood, a jealous hood!	0
and so he fell .	0
it’s only just now nine o'clock .	0
and tonight ,  sir ,  i invite you have dinner with me .	0
to none but thee ,  no more but when to thee .	0
but i have none .	0
the queen wants you to chat with laertes—politely—before you begin your match .	0
pray you, if it be, give it me, for i am slow of study.	0
yes ,  you have seen cassio and her together .	0
truly ,  i have him ,  but i would not be the party that should desire you to touch him ,  for his biting is immortal .	0
i cannot find it; it’s not in the promise to pay.	0
unreal mockery ,  hence !	0
more ,  more ,  i prithee ,  more .	0
hey ,  lucius !	0
goodbye ,  launcelot .	0
well ,  this is what happens when men let themselves be ruled by women .	0
the storm is up ,  and all is on the hazard .	0
you have done that you should be sorry for .	0
tomorrow morning come you to my house ,  and since you could not be my son - in - law ,  be yet my nephew .	0
god will protect me .	0
arise ,  black vengeance ,  from thy hollow cell !	0
oh ,  heavens !	0
so frowned he once when ,  in an angry parle ,  he smote the sledded polacks on the ice .	0
my cousin’s a fool ,  and thou art another .	0
it was my duty ,  sir .	0
you mean the sun !	0
o, i have bought the mansion of a love, but i have not moved in, and, though i am sold, i have not yet been enjoyed.	0
knock ,  knock !	0
we did ,  my lord ,  weeping and carrying on about the sobbing deer .	0
ride, ride, messala, ride, and give these bills unto the legions on the other side.	0
i have some rights of past history in this kingdom ,  which now invites me to claim my place .	0
it is good that you found me.	0
shall i redeliver you e'en so ?	0
a fourth!	0
to every article .	0
sure i can ,  father .	0
hear antony, most noble antony!	0
so when he opens his purse to give us our reward ,  thy conscience flies out .	0
it’s caesar that you mean ,  isn’t it ,  cassius ?	0
mark antony , — pardon me ,  caius cassius .	0
help me hence ,  ho !	0
what bloody man is that?	0
virtue?	0
i’ll hide myself behind the curtain so i can hear what happens, i’ll guarantee she'll set him straight.	0
immoderately she weeps for tybalt's death, and therefore have i little talk'd of love; for venus smiles not in a house of tears.	0
these tidings would well comfort cassius.	0
yea ,  and the best person too .	0
and make him with fair ægles break his faith ,  with ariadne and antiopa ?	0
the moon ,  i think ,  looks as if she has watery eyes ,  and when she weeps ,  every little flower weeps ,  lamenting some enforced chastity .	0
the time has been my senses would have cooled to hear a night - shriek ,  and my fell of hair would at a dismal treatise rouse and stir as life were in ’t .	0
for that it is not night when i do see your face ,  therefore i think i am not in the night; nor doth this wood lack worlds of company ,  for you ,  in my respect ,  are all the world .	0
the lieutenant is to be saved before the ancient .	0
so i’ve begged him to come along with us to watch what happens this night, that, if this apparition comes again, he may believe what we have seen and speak to it.	0
what had he done, to make him fly the land?	0
don’t refuse the love we offer you .	0
come ,  wrack !	0
let thunder flatten the spherical world ,  crack open all the molds from which nature forms human beings ,  and spill all the seeds from which ungrateful humans grow !	0
the funeral baked meats did coldly furnish forth the marriage tables .	0
let’s go; now all is well .	0
let me play the lion too .	0
adieu, brave moor, use desdemona well.	0
well ,  that doesn’t worry me .	0
i will ,  my lord .	0
he that is yours ,  sweet lady .	0
i ,  as i may—that which i would i cannot , — with best advantage will deceive the time ,  and aid thee in this doubtful shock of arms .	0
who can be wise, amazed, temperate and furious, loyal and neutral, in a moment?	0
he hath made me a christian .	0
arm, arm, and attack!	0
let it alone ,  you fool; it is only trash .	0
and do you see how much your foolish wife means to him ?	0
and when she left just now ,  she said  “ take care of this poor fellow here .  ”  fellow !  ”  not  “ malvolio ,  ”  not anything referring to my low station in life ,  but  “ fellow .  ”  everything’s going perfectly .	0
most heavy day !	0
tis time i should inform thee farther .	0
what masque?	0
we’ll give them present audience .	0
the worse that you give me the additional information whose lack of information even kills me.	0
something from cyprus as i may divine .	0
what do you here ?	0
if die ,  be brief ,  that our swift - wingèd souls may catch the king’s ,  or ,  like obedient subjects ,  follow him to his new kingdom of ne'er - changing night .	0
someone who can ride fast ,  go to the duke of  here ,  my good lord .	0
today was the day i breathed my first breath .	0
come ,  cassius' sword ,  and find titinius' heart .	0
you have taken a very just exception against me; but still, i protest, i have dealt very directly concerning your affair.	0
oh ,  brutus !	0
pray ,  let me stay .	0
now to my word: it is ‘adieu, adieu!	0
i know that we shall have him as a friend.	0
it hath not appeared .	0
how is that royal merchant ,  good antonio ?	0
bade him anon return and here speak with me ,  the which he promised .	0
true .	0
i pray you now receive them .	0
not the one, i hope, that you got from me.	0
go fetch fire .	0
what error drives our eyes and ears amiss ?	0
these evils you repeat upon yourself have banished me from scotland .	0
you always end with a jade’s trick .	0
i am glad of it, for now i shall have reason to show the love and duty that i bear you with franker spirit.	0
look—his noble blood is still on it .	0
say it for me, sir, to all our friends, for my heart says they are welcome.	0
if thou art she ,  tell me where is that son that floated with thee on the fatal raft ?	0
oh ,  dear husband ,  don’t believe everything you hear—or if you must believe it ,  don’t let it all make you angry .	0
we took this chisel-edged pick and this shovel from him as he was coming from this side of the churchyard.	0
we want to hear caesar’s will .	0
is he gone and hath nothing ?	0
i beg you, let cassio be welcomed again.	0
or came it by request ,  and such fair question as soul to soul affordeth ?	0
i’d rather see you having fun ,  because we have friends coming who want to have fun .	0
antonio is a good man.	0
why, how now, ho!	0
i shall the effect of this good lesson keep as watchman to my heart .	0
discern’st thou aught in that ?	0
unlawfully ?	0
no one shows mercy because he has to .	0
most ungrateful maid!	0
what villain, madam?	0
o heavens forbid!	0
a very tall man!	0
my niece already thinks he’s insane .	0
no; i will resist such treatment until my enemy has more power to fight.	0
nurse ,  will you go with me into my closet to help me sort such needful ornaments as you think fit to furnish me to - morrow ?	0
the name of cassius honors this corruption, and chastisement doth therefore hide his head.	0
in emergencies you meet the strangest folks .	0
take me inside some house ,  benvolio ,  or i’ll pass out .	0
my cousin westmoreland ?	0
moonshine and lion are left to bury the dead.	0
you swore to me, when i gave it you, that you would wear it until the hour of your death, and that it would go with you to your grave; you should have respected and have kept it though not for me, but for your intense oaths.	0
your voice shall be as strong as any man's in the disposing of new dignities .	0
but if you do refuse to marry me ,  you’ll give yourself to this most faithful shepherd ?	0
stand together solidly, for fear that some friend of caesar's should happen — don’t talk about standing.—publius, good cheer!	0
we'll hear the will.	0
how begot, how nourished?	0
ran off with a christian !	0
with all my heart, and it makes me happy to hear that he is so inclined.	0
what can i do for your highness ?	0
i wish your highness knew my true feelings in this matter: i have never in my life loved my brother .	0
deceived ,  divorced ,  wronged ,  spited ,  slain !	0
if i do so ,  it will be of more price ,  being spoke behind your back ,  than to your face .	0
i will ,  my liege .	0
i was not angry since i came to france until this instant .	0
the best ?	0
we will haste us.	0
only give me leave ,  unworthy as i am ,  to follow you .	0
go thy ways ,  wench .	0
i’ll tell him ,  my lord .	0
where we lay ,  our chimneys were blown down and ,  as they say ,  lamentings heard i' th' air ,  strange screams of death ,  and prophesying with accents terrible of dire combustion and confused events new hatched to the woeful time .	0
alack ,  sir ,  you cannot see your way .	0
he has killed me ,  mother .	0
he's a soldier; and for one to say a soldier lies is stabbing him .	0
what time ?	0
wherefore?	0
he’s worth no more .	0
even such a husband hast thou of me ,  as she is for a wife .	0
that from your first of difference and decay have followed your sad steps .	0
my sweet ,  so do i .	0
my own flesh and blood rebels against me !	0
why ,  thou loss upon loss !	0
no ,  your words are too precious to be wasted on dogs .	0
whip me ,  you devils ,  so i don’t have to look at this heavenly sight !	0
not shafalus to procrus was so true .	0
but brother anthony—     come ,  ’tis no matter .	0
what do you think of this plan ?	0
why ,  sir ,  i spent it on this rope .	0
but to tell you the truth ,  reason and love have very little to do with each other these days .	0
romeo .	0
yes .	0
go after her ,  go .	0
o ,  yet defend me ,  friends !	0
i will plague them all ,  even to roaring .	0
i’m growing a beard .	0
but ,  soft !	0
and did you see the handkerchief?	0
you ,  as sure as your name’s roderigo ,  if i were the moor i wouldn’t want to be iago .	0
come then ,  kiss me and take the last bit of warmth from my lips .	0
these blazes ,  daughter ,  giving more light than heat ,  dead in both ,  even in their promises ,  dying as they are being made ,  must not be taken for real fire .	0
but i mean to make my pain worth suffering ,  to have him look at me there and back again .	0
good hamlet ,  cast thy nighted color off ,  and let thine eye look like a friend on denmark .	0
and he did bid us to follow him to the temple, didn’t he?	0
are you so hot?	0
my good lord, how has your honor been for this many a day?	0
well ,  sir ?	0
what additional sorrow conspires against my old age ?	0
directly.	0
you’re mistaken.	0
now spurs the lated traveler apace to gain the timely inn ,  and near approaches the subject of our watch .	0
why do they run away ?	0
quiet!	0
art thou my son ?	0
ay ,  by my troth ,  the case may be amended .	0
but more of that tomorrow ,  when together with that matter ,  we will have political issues that need us jointly .	0
my lord and lady ,  it is now our time ,  that have stood by ,  and seen our wishes prosper ,  to cry ,  good joy; good joy ,  my lord and lady !	0
creet .	0
that’s exactly what i’ll do ,  my love ,  and i hope you’ll do the same .	0
things that grow are not ripe until it’s their season to be ripe ,  so i ,  being young ,  have not been ripened in reason ,  and touching the point of human skill now ,  reason has become the commander of my will ,  and it leads me to your eyes ,  where i see love's stories ,  written in love's richest book .	0
the world’s a huge thing .	0
these are frightening odds .	0
tis not so now .	0
brutus ,  bait not me ,  i'll not endure it .	0
if he doesn’t love her, and he’s not gone crazy because of love, let me be no assistant for a state, but be a farmer and horse carter.	0
i never thought any less of him .	0
wasn’t that the best thing to do ?	0
well ,  sir ,  go inside .	0
who was so firm, so constant, that this coil would not infect his reason?	0
that i will do.	0
prepare the body ,  then ,  and follow us .	0
fly ?	0
i still have the smell of blood on my hand .	0
no ,  then ,  you are making fun of me .	0
you were the doctor, and i didn’t know you?	0
most royal sir ,  fleance escaped .	0
scratch my head ,  peaseblossom .	0
i beg you ,  sir ,  have patience .	0
i have been talking with a petitioner here, a man that suffers greatly in your displeasure.	0
o ,  now ,  forever farewell to the peaceful mind !	0
i followed it here ,  or i should say it dragged me here .	0
we will have vengeance for it, fear thou not.	0
good madam ,  what's the matter with my lord ?	0
yes ,  the second time around ,  since ,  as they say ,  old people become children again .	0
o ,  help ,  ho !	0
there to meet with macbeth .	0
since they did plot the means that dusky dis my daughter got ,  her and her blind boy's scandaled company i have forsworn .	0
till then ,  enough .	0
i order you to stop !	0
i pray that the mighty gods defend you !	0
i think i can find him .	0
o my dear orlando ,  how it grieves me to see thee wear thy heart in a scarf .	0
whate'er thou art ,  for thy good caution ,  thanks; thou hast harp'd my fear aright .	0
we learn no other but the confident tyrant keeps still in dunsinane and will endure our setting down before ’t .	0
if i do so, it will be more valuable, being spoken behind your back than to your face.	0
his madness .	0
out of my sight!	0
well, honor is the subject of my story.	0
so i die with a kiss .	0
thou hast amaz'd me.	0
self - harming jealousy ,  fie ,  beat it hence .	0
yes ,  yes ,  curtis ,  so hurry up and start the fire .	0
this is all .	0
if there is any one fit to govern ,  speak .	0
how are you ,  lady ?	0
we’ll see about that !	0
tell me ,  good brutus ,  can you see your face ?	0
away!	0
we did ,  my lord ,  weeping and commenting upon the sobbing deer .	0
my lord, he's going to his mother's closet.	0
you’re wise !	0
let me stand here until you remember your reason .	0
i do see a kind of hope, which requires a plan as desperate as that event we want to prevent.	0
why do you show me this?	0
this is the plague of important men—our wives betray us more than those of poor men .	0
the law’s on my side .	0
so much so, dear lords, if i am left behind, a moth of peace, and he goes to the war, the rites for which i love him i am deprived of, and i shall endure a sad interval caused by his dear absence.	0
stephano!	0
to the best bride - bed will we ,  which by us shall blessed be; and the issue there create ever shall be fortunate .	0
many times ,  you’ve climbed up to the walls and lookout posts ,  to the towers and windows ,  yes ,  to chimney tops ,  your infants in your arms ,  and you’ve sat there the entire day ,  waiting patiently to see great pompey pass through the streets of rome .	0
stay ,  fellow; i can read .	0
a peevish self-will'd harlotry it is.	0
he has no friends except those who are too afraid to defy him .	0
now ,  my companions and brothers in exile ,  hasn’t experience made this simple life sweeter than a life of glittery pomp and circumstance ?	0
look what a wardrobe is here for you !	0
indeed, on my sword, indeed.	0
devilish macbeth by many of these trains hath sought to win me into his power ,  and modest wisdom plucks me from over - credulous haste .	0
o ,  reform it altogether !	0
a little grief shows much love; but too much of grief shows a little craziness .	0
who meets us here ?	0
how now ,  sir ?	0
believe what?	0
while i use you to solve this affair ,  i'll go to my queen ,  and beg the indian boy from her; and then i will release her charmed eye so that she will see the monster ,  and all things shall be at peace .	0
to the health of our general!	0
i do beseech you .	0
where is my mother ?	0
o hateful day!	0
romeo .	0
no ,  caesar shall not .	0
come on ,  desdemona ,  i’ve only got an hour of love to spend with you ,  to tell you what you need to do .	0
or else misgraffed in respect of years— o spite !	0
thou liest, malignant thing!	0
threescore and ten i can remember well ,  within the volume of which time i have seen hours dreadful and things strange ,  but this sore night hath trifled former knowings .	0
here he comes .	0
if he bleeds ,  i'll smear the faces of the grooms with it ,  because it must seem that they are guilty .	0
you don’t know me .	0
then are our beggars bodies ,  and our monarchs and outstretched heroes the beggars' shadows .	0
we will speak further .	0
not a dump we !	0
and mine a hundred and forty.	0
all right ,  i’ll stay another month .	0
you are both sure ,  and will assist me ?	0
away!	0
no ,  pray thee ,  let it serve for table talk .	0
that's as much as to say ,  such a case as yours constrains a man to bow in the hams .	0
thanks ,  really ,  because silence is only commendable in a cow’s dried tongue ,  and in a girl who’s not for sale .	0
i pray thee ,  overname them .	0
rub him around the temples .	0
henry the sixth ,  in infant bands crowned king of france and england ,  did this king succeed ,  whose state so many had the managing that they lost france and made his england bleed ,  which oft our stage hath shown .	0
and you shall be satisfied .	0
precious villain !	0
go tell your generals to hurry their preparations .	0
what ,  thou speak'st drowsily ?	0
now go to the door, and stay there till we call.	0
some such squire he was that turned your wit the seamy side without and made you to suspect me with the moor .	0
by'r lady, thirty years.	0
and he did bid us follow to the temple .	0
i will plague them all, even to the point of their roaring.	0
briefly, i live by the capitol.	0
yes ,  every man of them ,  and no man here but honors you ,  and every one doth wish you had but that opinion of yourself which every noble roman bears of you .	0
men shall deal unadvisedly sometimes ,  which after - hours give leisure to repent .	0
leave me alone ,  desdemona ,  go away !	0
it was.	0
was this inserted to make interest good ?	0
ding ,  dong ,  bell .	0
no, none that you have sense enough to make.	0
be factious for redress of all these griefs ,  and i will set this foot of mine as far as who goes farthest .	0
let’s see for means .	0
i would not be delayed .	0
our son shall win .	0
what if this cursed hand were thicker than itself with brother's blood ,  is there not rain enough in the sweet heavens to wash it white as snow ?	0
well, wednesday is too soon.	0
tis her command .	0
what handkerchief?	0
let me choose; for, as i am, i live upon the rack.	0
i overlooked your request ,  but i did not deny it .	0
pardon ,  my lord .	0
the four suitors are looking for you so they can say goodbye ,  madam .	0
one woe doth tread upon another’s heel ,  so fast they follow . —your sister’s drowned ,  laertes .	0
then follow me and listen to my speech ,  friends .	0
tell me again, where did you leave these varlets?	0
peace ,  peace !	0
by heaven ,  you do me wrong !	0
follow that lord ,  and look you mock him not .	0
yet who would have thought the old man to have had so much blood in him ?	0
peter quince !	0
one fairer than my love ?	0
welcome ,  good marcellus .	0
these fifteen years you have been in a dream or ,  when you waked ,  so waked as if you slept .	0
i bet my life on it .	0
is he dead ?	0
can i go home when my heart is here ?	0
while i was looking for a flint to light it ,  i found this paper on the window ,  sealed up like this ,  and i’m sure it wasn’t there when i went to bed .	0
stand aside ,  captain gower .	0
but give me your hand ,  menas .	0
pompey ,  you cannot frighten us with your navy .	0
for all the rest ,  they'll take a suggestion as a cat licks up milk: they'll turn the clock to any business that we say is right for the hour .	0
but do you mean what you’re saying ?	0
if there be truth in sight ,  you are my rosalind .	0
go to thy cold bed and warm thee .	0
ay ,  but when ?	0
yes ,  better than you know me .	0
that's the dog's name.	0
if i do not usurp myself ,  i am .	0
i’m sure the duke will never allow this contract to be enforced .	0
but, adieu!	0
but such officers do the king best service in the end.	0
a second time i kill my husband dead when second husband kisses me in bed .	0
bad is the world ,  and all will come to naught when such ill dealing must be seen in thought .	0
now let the wind blow ,  waves swell ,  and ships sink !	0
where is he ,  in his bed ?	0
a friendly eye could never see such faults .	0
why ,  now you speak like a good child and a true gentleman .	0
i dreamt tonight that i did feast with caesar ,  and things unlucky charge my fantasy .	0
because we come to do you service and you think we are ruffians, you'll have your daughter covered with a barbary horse; you'll have your nephews neigh to you; you'll have coursers for cousins, and gennets for germans.	0
nay, we will all of us be there to fetch him.	0
what did he say ?	0
have you a mind to sink?	0
look how she rubs her hands .	0
please rise ,  queen .	0
taurus !	0
expose thyself to feel what wretches feel ,  that thou mayst shake the superflux to them and show the heavens more just .	0
a norman .	0
and as i wooed for thee to obtain her ,  i will join with thee to disgrace her .	0
thou hast some suit to caesar, hast thou not?	0
i’m everywhere .	0
be patient ,  madam .	0
let’s see .	0
our regiments are full to the brim; our cause is ready .	0
hast stolen it from her ?	0
what ,  ariel !	0
i’ll go tell the king about this .	0
but let him start off easy by killing one of us .	0
the thrice three muses mourning for the death  of learning ,  late deceased in beggary .  ”  that is some satire ,  keen and critical ,  not sorting with a nuptial ceremony .	0
sir ,  your description of him doesn’t detract from his good qualities ,  though i know that trying to list them all would make your head spin ,  and even so you wouldn’t be able to keep up with him .	0
and this weak and idle play about love, doesn’t mean any more than a dream.	0
if sight and shape be true ,  why then ,  my love adieu .	0
i wonder at it .	0
who put my servant in the stocks ?	0
i’m not really litio .	0
my father and mother coupled when the demonic moon was descending ,  and i was born under the big dipper ,  so it’s inevitable that i’m rude and oversexed .	0
calphurnia !	0
he bears too great a mind .	0
nerissa teaches me what to believe: i'll die for it ,  but some woman took the ring .	0
what ,  ho !	0
because that i familiarly sometimes do use you for my fool and chat with you ,  your sauciness will jest upon my love and make a common of my serious hours .	0
i have already condemned and excused myself .	0
for i do know ,  the state ,  however this may gall him with some check ,  cannot with safety cast him; for he's embark'd with such loud reason to the cyprus' wars ,  which even now stands in act ,  that ,  for their souls ,  another of his fathom they have none to lead their business; in which regard ,  though i do hate him as i do hell - pains ,  yet for necessity of present life ,  i must show out a flag and sign of love ,  which is indeed but sign .	0
now ,  as you’re a roman ,  tell me the truth .	0
where did she get that light ?	0
oh why, nature, did you make lions?	0
leave you !	0
did cicero say anything?	0
are you always so funny ?	0
i must fall down on that step ,  or jump over it ,  for it’s in my way .	0
shame on you ,  warped hag !	0
a spirit ?	0
shall i know your answer ?	0
two of my brother’s men ,  all tied up !	0
yet this i will not do ,  do how i can .	0
a rhyme i learned even now from someone i couldn’t dance with .	0
i always loved you .	0
then shall the sighs of octavia blow the fire up in caesar ,  and ,  as i said before ,  that which is the strength of their amity shall prove the immediate author of their variance .	0
in the end i grudgingly consented .	0
i dare not say he lies anywhere.	0
a most unhappy one.	0
thursday is near; lay hand on heart ,  advise: an you be mine ,  i'll give you to my friend; an you be not ,  hang ,  beg ,  starve ,  die in the streets ,  for ,  by my soul ,  i'll ne'er acknowledge thee ,  nor what is mine shall never do thee good .	0
oh ,  hamlet ,  how far she fell !	0
but age with his stealing steps hath clawed me in his clutch ,  and hath shipped me intil the land ,  as if i had never been such .	0
let your thoughts make up for our imperfections .	0
mark antony , — pardon me ,  caius cassius .	0
so shalt thou show me friendship.	0
why ,  how now ,  count ,  wherefore are you sad ?	0
ha, they pluck out mine eyes!	0
it is ,  it is !	0
he looks gentler than he did .	0
in the meantime i’ll tell you all ,  as honestly as i confess my sins to god ,  how i wooed this beautiful lady ,  and how she came to love me .	0
where is he ?	0
here .	0
more ,  i prithee ,  more .	0
from this moment on ,  i’ll never say another word .	0
this is a nasty tune too: but here's my comfort.	0
believing fools are caught like this; and many worthy and chaste dames just like this, all innocent, meet punishment.	0
and are you living, stephano?	0
good night to everyone.	0
torture will open your lips .	0
but pardon me.	0
your worship in that sense may call him man .	0
every inordinate cup is unblessed and the ingredient is a devil .	0
here comes the furious tybalt back again.	0
if it pleases caesar to be so good to himself as to hear me ,  i’ll try to get him to do what’s good for him .	0
and now you toss flowers in the path of caesar ,  who comes in triumph over pompey’s defeated sons ?	0
here is my bed .	0
whatever seems best to you .	0
in the secret parts of fortune ?	0
when they’re endangered ,  i save them .	0
ah ,  no .	0
is my deserving no better than that?	0
what man is that ?	0
o ,  once tell true; tell true ,  even for my sake !	0
what, ho!	0
she’s dead ,  my queen .	0
it fell upon a little western flower ,  before milk - white ,  now purple with love’s wound .	0
o ,  that’s the sword to it .	0
didn’t i meet your friends ?	0
awake ,  awake !	0
prepare yourselves .	0
some of this liquor’s still left in the goblet .	0
o ,  a pit of clay for to be made for such a guest is meet .	0
but are you so much in love as your rhymes speak ?	0
it’s wrong for the duke to do this .	0
this king knows ,  and you must have heard ,  how i am punished with a painful madness .	0
why ,  man ,  they did make love to this employment !	0
what stay had i but edward ?	0
hold ,  ho ! —lieutenant—sir—montano—gentlemen— have you forgot all place of sense and duty ?	0
will you be going to scone ?	0
i will keep saying the funeral prayers for you, and i will come every night to put flowers on your grave and weep.	0
alack, what trouble was i then to you!	0
and for i know she taketh most delight in music ,  instruments ,  and poetry ,  schoolmasters will i keep within my house ,  fit to instruct her youth .	0
so be it !	0
and ,  england ,  if my love thou hold'st at aught— as my great power thereof may give thee sense ,  since yet thy cicatrice looks raw and red after the danish sword ,  and thy free awe pays homage to us—thou mayst not coldly set our sovereign process ,  which imports at full ,  by letters congruing to that effect ,  the present death of hamlet .	0
you say right ,  sir; o' monday morning; 'twas so indeed .	0
don’t follow; i won’t put up with your speaking; i’ll have my promise to pay.	0
don’t.	0
and, if thou prate of mountains, let them throw millions of acres on us, till our ground, singeing his pate against the burning zone, make ossa like a wart!	0
where is the county's page that rais'd the watch ?	0
i pitied you ,  worked hard to teach you to speak ,  and taught you some new thing practically every hour .	0
it is a highwrought flood; i cannot, 'twixt the heaven and the main, descry a sail.	0
if there’s any way i can spoil his life ,  i’ll be overjoyed .	0
this caesar was a tyrant .	0
go to the gate .	0
o woeful, woeful, woeful day!	0
i should have known no less .	0
o brave new world that has such people in't!	0
he was not born to shame.	0
i chose her when i could not ask my father for his advice ,  nor thought i had one .	0
if this proves to be a vision of the island, i shall lose one dear son twice.	0
well ,  enjoy the sweetness of deep sleep .	0
yours ,  if you talk of tales .	0
what man dare ,  i dare .	0
he who chooses me will get what he deserves .  ”  that’s nicely put—because who’s going to cheat luck and get more than he deserves ?	0
most sincerely .	0
hum!	0
cry but ‘ay me ! ’ pronounce but ‘love’ and ‘dove’; speak to my gossip venus one fair word ,  one nickname for her purblind son and heir ,  young adam cupid ,  he that shot so trim when king cophetua lov'd the beggar maid !	0
fulvia’s death and the pressing concerns related to it are not the only reasons i am eager to go; friends in rome have also sent many letters advising my return .	0
last night of all, when yond same star that's westward from the pole had made his course to illume that part of heaven where now it burns, marcellus and myself, the bell then beating one— peace!	0
o courteous tybalt !	0
stay ,  and speak !	0
well ,  well ,  well .	0
let’s do this legally .	0
who stocked my servant ?	0
good ,  good ,  i like that—it’s only fair !	0
you have loved him well; he hath not touch'd you yet.	0
no ,  instead i’ll go to benedick and advise him to fight his emotions .	0
hello ,  ho ,  ho ,  my lord !	0
o ,  treble woe fall ten times treble on that cursed head whose wicked deed thy most ingenious sense deprived thee of !	0
my heart feels like it’s about to explode .	0
i can no more .	0
now we find that one traveler out of five will bring us news about them.	0
oh, sinful thought!	0
oh ,  by this count i’ll be many years older before i see my romeo again .	0
caius ligarius ,  i was never your enemy so much as the sickness that’s made you so thin .	0
i’ll do anything you ask .	0
why do you complain about your birth ,  the heaven ,  and earth ?	0
cast it off .	0
climate was a delicate mistress .	0
sure ,  he that made us with such large discourse ,  looking before and after ,  gave us not that capability and godlike reason to fust in us unused .	0
what part is that ,  my lord ?	0
poor souls ,  they perished .	0
of her society be not afraid.	0
heaven would that she these gifts should have and i to live and die her slave .	0
you don’t know what money can buy .	0
well ,  god 'eild you !	0
shall i do such a deed ?	0
the only thing you can sense are punches—just like an ass .	0
send for him ,  dear uncle .	0
what ,  you don’t want me to be chaste ?	0
do you lie still ?	0
stand next to me for a while ,  because someone is coming hastily .	0
why, then othello and desdemona return again to venice.	0
the queen desires you to use some gentle entertainment to laertes before you fall to play .	0
thou art a boil ,  a plague - sore or embossèd carbuncle in my corrupted blood .	0
we passed them on the way ,  and they are coming here to perform .	0
romeo can ,  though heaven cannot .	0
without, my lord; guarded, to know your pleasure.	0
oh ,  banish me ,  my lord ,  but kill me not !	0
you mar all with this starting .	0
actually ,  their hearts are as sensitive and loyal as ours are .	0
out on her, hilding!	0
we’ll listen to him .	0
come ,  let’s go to the dance .	0
he bids them good morning with a modest smile and calls	0
i should venture purgatory for't .	0
and will he not come again ?	0
what is the matter ?	0
i protest ,  in the sincerity of love and honest kindness .	0
to the mariners] play the men!	0
i would not deny you ,  but ,  by this good day ,  i yield upon great persuasion ,  and partly to save your life ,  for i was told you were in a consumption .	0
good madam ,  be not angry with the child .	0
i'll tell the news .	0
now ,  fellow ,  what is there ?	0
marry ,  how ?	0
he has a ring of mine ,  worth forty ducats ,  and he promised to give me a necklace in exchange for it .	0
good sir ,  i do in friendship counsel you to leave this place .	0
it throbs as if it’s going to fall into twenty pieces.	0
i was afraid he was only trifling with you and meant to wreck you ,  but curse my jealousy !	0
yes.	0
stand ,  an you be a man .	0
when does another like him come?	0
methinks i do .	0
o nature ,  what hadst thou to do in hell when thou didst bower the spirit of a fiend in moral paradise of such sweet flesh ?	0
run to the capitol and nothing else ?	0
go in ,  nerissa .	0
but if these, as i am sure they do, bear fire enough to kindle cowards and to steel with valor the melting spirits of women, then, countrymen, what need we any spur but our own cause to prick us to redress?	0
that did i ,  my lord ,  and was accounted a good actor .	0
with rosaline ,  my ghostly father ?	0
ah ,  well - a - day !	0
it’s a most holy and religious fear to keep those many ,  many bodies safe that depend upon your majesty .	0
i do beseech your grace ,  let me the knowledge of my fault bear with me .	0
i had a scar here that looked like a  “ t ” ; now it’s an  “ h .  ”  they’re retreating .	0
o, my good lord, yonder's foul murders done!	0
where are you going?	0
who is it?	0
did he express any dissatisfaction with you ,  either in his words or his face ?	0
content thee ,  gentle coz .	0
i’d be still plucking the grass to know where the wind blows, looking over maps for ports and piers and roads; and every object that would make me afraid of misfortune to my ships, would make me sad without a doubt.	0
sweet, so would i.	0
craziness in great ones must not go unwatched.	0
will you wait awhile ?	0
sweet lord ,  you play me false .	0
and so near will i be that your best friends shall wish i had been further .	0
this little prank of hers is going to cost me .	0
what mean you, caesar?	0
let it be so .	0
oh ,  let their bodies follow ,  my dear liege ,  with blood and sword and fire to win your right ,  in aid whereof we of the spiritualty will raise your highness such a mighty sum as never did the clergy at one time bring in to any of your ancestors .	0
come ,  let me wipe your face .	0
i have a daughter, have while she is mine, who, in her duty and obedience, listen, has given me this.	0
the king doth love you well .	0
begone !	0
let us be conjunctive in our revenge against him .	0
look !	0
what ?	0
cassio can have my job .	0
she’ll be buried with her face upwards ,  then .	0
that i beheld .	0
take this ,  too .	0
look at you ,  standing there in a stupor !	0
and did you see the handkerchief ?	0
mercy on us!’—‘we split, we split!’—‘farewell, my wife and children!’—‘farewell, brother!’—‘we split, we split, we split!’ let's all sink wi'th’ king.	0
i pray thee ,  give it me .	0
well ,  officer ,  arrest him at my suit .	0
there's a daisy.	0
you can’t speak about something you don’t feel .	0
hence !	0
i made you de facto rulers of my kingdom on condition that i could keep a hundred knights of my own .	0
fare - well .	0
take them in .	0
i have told thee often ,  and i retell thee again and again ,  i hate the moor .	0
why ,  what i' devil’s name ,  tailor ,  call’st thou this ?	0
his grace looks cheerfully and smooth this morning .	0
what fate is that ?	0
never ,  my lord .	0
have i not heard the sea ,  puffed up with winds ,  rage like an angry boar chafèd with sweat ?	0
i have to stop you ,  cimber .	0
nay ,  do not quarrel with us ,  good old man .	0
come on ,  good fellow ,  help me into that armor you’re carrying .	0
they come from the four corners of the earth to kiss this shrine and see this living ,  breathing saint .	0
what is his name ?	0
i will be with thee straight.	0
he’s married .	0
so this letter ,  which is so incredibly stupid and ignorant ,  isn’t going to scare him at all .	0
never alone did the king sigh, but with a general groan.	0
i shall, my lord.	0
thou art dromio ,  thou art my man ,  thou art thyself .	0
if it be so ,  it is a chance which does redeem all sorrows that ever i have felt .	0
sir ,  i leave you to your own contentment .	0
i am old and foolish .	0
how now ,  my pretty knave ?	0
and i’d be surprised if he even did that ,  for he prefers sports ,  fun ,  and friends .	0
by mary ,  now i can tell .	0
oh, oh, oh!	0
men may sleep ,  and when they do they may have their throats with them ,  and some people say knives have blades .	0
what a thrice-double ass was i to take this drunkard for a god, and worship this dull fool!	0
oh ,  now forever farewell the tranquil mind !	0
we'll teach you to drink deep ere you depart .	0
i am transformèd ,  master ,  am i not ?	0
why romeo ,  art thou mad ?	0
i pray you, sir, what saucy merchant was this that was so full of his ropery?	0
and have not we affections ,  desires for sport ,  and frailty ,  as men have ?	0
but ’tis all one; ’tis alike as my fingers is to my fingers ,  and there is salmons in both .	0
go ,  and with your speediest bring us what she says and how you find of her .	0
now art thou sociable ,  now art thou romeo; now art thou what thou art ,  by art as well as by nature .	0
i do believe you think what now you speak; but what we do determine oft we break .	0
o, a thousand, a thousand times.	0
you fools!	0
hark ,  how these instruments summon to supper !	0
go to ,  away !	0
now ,  fellow ,  what's there ?	0
i cannot tell what you and other men think of this life ,  but ,  for my single self ,  i had as lief not be as live to be in awe of such a thing as i myself .	0
why ,  then ,  it’s my body’s doomsday .	0
let him command ,  and it shall be penance for me to obey ,  whatever the bloody business is .	0
as you go through the house, use the dead and drowsy fire to give glimmering light, every elf and fairy spirit hop as lightly as bird hops from a thorn: and sing this little song, following me, and dance it as you sing it.	0
what is the matter ,  husband ?	0
killing pigs .	0
here comes the lady; let her witness it .	0
or is it some abuse ,  and no such thing ?	0
treason !	0
where ?	0
infirm of purpose!	0
the servants of the duke and my lieutenant ?	0
she will taste as like this as a crab does to a crab .	0
why, romeo, art thou mad?	0
i say thy husband .	0
follow her close; give her good watch, i pray you.	0
my husband !	0
invoke his warlike spirit and that of edward the black prince ,  your great - uncle ,  who fought a tragic battle on french soil ,  routing the french army in full force while his mighty father stood by on a hilltop ,  smiling to see his son steeped in the blood of french noblemen .	0
that you must teach me .	0
how shall we find the concord of this discord?	0
why ,  this is not a boon ,  'tis as i should entreat you wear your gloves ,  or feed on nourishing dishes ,  or keep you warm ,  or sue to you to do a peculiar profit to your own person .	0
will they see us ?	0
patience ,  i say; your mind may perhaps change .	0
i didn’t hear it .	0
whoe'er he be that in this foul proceeding hath thus beguiled your daughter of herself and you of her ,  the bloody book of law you shall yourself read in the bitter letter after your own sense .	0
make sure that the clowns do not ad - lib ,  since some of them will make certain dumb audience members laugh mindlessly at them ,  while an important issue in the play needs to be addressed .	0
no ,  pray thee .	0
why ,  for that too .	0
was ’t you that did so oft contrive to kill him ?	0
thou chid'st me oft for loving rosaline .	0
do not fear our person .	0
for that reason he sends you this good news—that this very day your enemies ,  the queen’s relatives ,  will die at pomfret .	0
he has brought you figs .	0
hello .	0
i thank you for your pains and courtesy.	0
holla !	0
what noise is that ?	0
believe me ,  i’ll draw my sword as quick as any other man if i see a fight starting and the law is on my side .	0
look ,  how she blushes like a virgin !	0
is it true, is it true?	0
if thou beest as poor for a subject as he’s for a king ,  thou'rt poor enough .	0
he shall, sir, an't please him.	0
then his mighty heart burst, and, in his cloak covering up his face, even at the base of pompey's statue, which was covered in blood, great caesar fell.	0
i hope he’s in love .	0
go fetch fire.	0
i must hear from you every hour of the day ,  because there are many days in just one minute .	0
you cannot ,  unless my heart were in your hand ,  and that won’t happen while it is in my custody .	0
i do now let loose my opinion; hold it no longer: this is no fish, but an islander that hath lately suffered by a thunderbolt.	0
yes, too gentle.	0
prithee ,  say on .	0
why, that is love's transgression.	0
they have made meat for the worms out meat of me .	0
that sounds like the voice of friar john .	0
by mary, i’ll teach you.	0
doth thy other mouth call me ?	0
edmund i think is gone in pity of his misery to dispatch his nighted life; moreover to descry the strength o' th' enemy .	0
indeed, she is a very fresh and delicate creature.	0
othello's occupation's gone!	0
are there not stones in heaven but what serve for thunder?	0
marry, heaven forbid!	0
i am satisfied .	0
hang on ,  sir !	0
give me the ocular proof; or, by the worth of man's eternal soul, thou hadst been better have been born a dog than answer my waked wrath!	0
crowns in my purse i have and goods at home ,  and so am come abroad to see the world .	0
therefore ,  good brutus ,  be prepared to hear .	0
have you got leave to go to shrift today ?	0
he keeps them ,  like an ape ,  in the corner of his jaw ,  first to be tasted ,  and then at last swallowed .	0
what’s thy passion ?	0
why only a few courtiers ,  my lord of buckingham ?	0
have you forgotten who i am ?	0
o ,  wilt thou leave me so unsatisfied ?	0
thou hast quar rell'd with a man for coughing in the street, because he hath wakened thy dog that hath lain asleep in the sun.	0
if you say that ,  you bastard ,  you’ll kill your queen .	0
the father and the master and the king didn’t order their subordinates' deaths when they ordered their services .	0
but ,  audrey ,  there is a youth here in the forest lays claim to you .	0
no ,  his mouth is stopp'd; honest iago hath ta'en order for't .	0
is ’t not denounced against us ?	0
fetch't, let me see it.	0
a fox when one has caught her and such a daughter should sure to the slaughter ,  if my cap would buy a halter .	0
why ,  antony .	0
although birnam wood did come to dunsinane, and you against me, being given birth to by a woman, i will still fight to the end.	0
i’ll go no further .	0
most mighty sovereign ,  you have no cause to hold my friendship doubtful .	0
but howsoe'er you have been jostled from your senses ,  know for certain that i am prospero ,  and that very duke which was thrust forth of milan ,  who most strangely upon this shore ,  where you were wrecked ,  was landed to be the lord on't .	0
i wouldn’t either ,  by daylight .	0
pick up her bed and carry her ladies out of the tomb .	0
enough .	0
tomorrow’s a good day .	0
who’s stopping you ?	0
oh ,  not you again .	0
for all this same, i'll hide me hereabout.	0
a quarrel ,  ho ,  already !	0
you have done well ,  that men must lay their murders on your neck .	0
are you a man ?	0
you look pale and dazed ,  and put on fear and make yourself wonder ,  to see the strange behavior of the heavens .	0
nay ,  and most like .	0
happily the seas, and different countries with other things, shall cure and get rid of this problem in his heart that has such a hold on him, which his still active brain makes him like this from being himself.	0
shall we to the court ?	0
space enough have i in such a prison .	0
i don’t know what private grudges they had that made them do it .	0
oh ,  monstrous !	0
ranting and raving to my own shadow !	0
liar and slave !	0
we’ll meet them near birnam wood they are coming that way .	0
feather of lead, bright smoke, cold fire, sick health!	0
oh ,  i have heard him speak of that same brother ,  and he did render him the most unnatural that lived amongst men .	0
i must join the duke for lunch .	0
ha ,  ha ,  ha !	0
the person who suffers alone suffers the most .	0
you cram these words into my ears against the stomach of my sense .	0
from now on i’ll put up with my anguish until the anguish itself cries out ,   “ enough ,  enough !  ”  and disappears .	0
you don’t know how to pick a man .	0
art thou afeared ?	0
here, as i point my sword, the sun arises, which is a great way growing on the south, weighing the youthful season of the year.	0
i’ll hide in the arbor .	0
so should the murdered look ,  and so should i ,  pierced through the heart with your stern cruelty .	0
he took my father grossly, full of food, with all his sins on his soul, as full of bloom as may, and how his report stands, who knows except heaven?	0
it is my day ,  my life .	0
you are impatient as fire, to say that she was false.	0
where virtue is ,  these are more virtuous .	0
his company must do his minions grace ,  whilst i at home starve for a merry look .	0
because that ,  like a jack ,  thou keep’st the stroke betwixt thy begging and my meditation .	0
do as thou wilt, for i have done with thee.	0
let your anger fall on me then ,  even if its sharpness pierces my heart .	0
till then ,  my noble friend ,  chew upon this: brutus had rather be a villager than to repute himself a son of rome under these hard conditions as this time is like to lay upon us .	0
wilt thou be lord of the whole world ?	0
your lordship is right welcome back to denmark .	0
his wits are gone .	0
o god ,  that men should put an enemy in their mouths to steal away their brains !	0
either there is a civil strife in heaven, or else the world too saucy with the gods incenses them to send destruction.	0
ah ,  servant ,  this unlooked - for sport comes well .	0
when did i  do you know where you are ,  sir ?	0
he is what he is .	0
your castle is surprised ,  your wife and babes savagely slaughtered .	0
alas ,  then she is drowned .	0
i think it looks like an invitation to excitement.	0
gloucester’s eyes ?	0
stop!	0
no .	0
whip him .	0
surely he that made us with such large capacity, looking before and after, didn’t give us that capability and godlike reason to go stale in us, unused.	0
attend those men our pleasure ?	0
fire !	0
retire thee; go where thou art billeted: away ,  i say .	0
thanks ,  rosencrantz and worthy guildenstern .	0
what ,  ho ?	0
are you going ?	0
if you could please stop fooling around ,  i’ll tell you what your mother wants .	0
therefore speak softly .	0
he is much changed .	0
it is proved my lady hero hath been falsely accused ,  the prince and claudio mightily abused ,  and don john is the author of all ,  who is fled and gone .	0
he is no crescent ,  and his horns are invisible within the circumference .	0
sue to him again and he’s yours .	0
i would have him nine years akilling.	0
i pray thee ,  bear my former answer back .	0
shame on it !	0
there is siward's son and many unrough youths ,  that even now protest their first of manhood .	0
my name's macbeth.	0
and these does she apply for warnings and portents and evils imminent ,  and on her knee hath begg'd that i will stay at home today .	0
couple of days or not ,  of all days in the year ,  come the middle of july ,  she’ll be fourteen .	0
fore god ,  my lord ,  well spoken ,  with good accent and good discretion .	0
strange things i have in head that will to hand, which must be acted ere they may be scann'd.	0
ah ,  how pitiful !	0
and in part him ,  but ,  ”  you may say ,   “ not very well .	0
never make known what you have seen tonight .	0
the fiend gives the more friendly counsel .	0
i didn’t come, friends, to steal away your hearts.	0
my soul depends on it— a thousand times good night .	0
he's now in florence.	0
then how can it be said i am alone when all the world is here to look on me ?	0
to have no screen between this part he played and him he played it for; he needs will be absolute milan .	0
you shall hear more by midnight.	0
thou drivest me past the bounds of maiden's patience.	0
nay, then, thou mock'st me.	0
what handkerchief ?	0
what visions have i seen !	0
go !  ”  says the devil;  “ away !  ”  says the devil .	0
tomorrow ,  as he purposes .	0
it’s all right ,  since they left their food behind ,  and we’re hungry .	0
i don’t know what  “ poetical ”  means .	0
where are all the rest?	0
give him the cup .	0
take to you no hard thoughts .	0
what my man say ,  when my soul was tossing and turning and i didn’t pay attention to him as we rode ?	0
everyone prepare to take this beautiful corpse to her grave .	0
i take you at your word.	0
i have no hope that he’s undrowned .	0
madam ,  your mother craves a word with you .	0
we charge you ,  in the prince’s name ,  to stop !	0
yes, with a twink.	0
uncle, i must come forth.	0
then shall i bleed to death.	0
it is very strange .	0
stars ,  my lord .	0
i have turned enemy to my own.	0
remember me.	0
shed thou no blood; nor cut thou less ,  nor more ,  but just a pound of flesh: if thou tak'st more ,  or less ,  than a just pound , —be it but so much as makes it light ,  or heavy ,  in the substance ,  or the division of the twentieth part of one poor scruple , —nay ,  if the scale do turn but in the estimation of a hair , — thou diest and all thy goods are confiscate .	0
by your leave ,  sir .	0
is it possible ?	0
fortune ,  that arrant whore ,   ne'er turns the key to th' poor .	0
sir, would she give you so much of her lips as of her tongue she oft bestows on me, you'ld have enough.	0
every one prepare to follow this fair corse unto her grave .	0
here ,  'tis ,  most reverend doctor ,  here it is .	0
thy face is mine ,  and thou hast sland'red it .	0
i’m not going to eat dinner tonight .	0
if we don’t obey them ,  they’ll suck the life out of us or pinch us black and blue .	0
c’mon ,  make an effort .	0
i have more reason to be distressed .	0
and ,  good lieutenant ,  i think you think i love you .	0
he shall stay my leisure .	0
i have brought you from venice .	0
a likely piece of work ,  that you should find it in your chamber ,  and not know who left it there !	0
horatio, you are just like the man that my conversation just now praised.	0
take him on the costard with the hilts of thy sword ,  and then throw him into the malmsey butt in the next room .	0
then stand with us.	0
o ,  it is the spite of hell ,  the fiend's high mockery ,  to kiss a whore on a safe couch ,  and to suppose her to be chaste !	0
no ,  i am a welshman .	0
sweet men ,  come to him .	0
alack ,  sir ,  i am sand - blind ,  i know you not .	0
every fool can tell that .	0
let me see ,  let me see .	0
my mistress ,  dearest; and i thus humble ever .	0
come on .	0
do not believe it.	0
i am here already ,  sir .	0
the queen drinks to your fortune ,  hamlet .	0
why ,  tell me ,  is not this my cambio ?	0
yes ,  on his front .	0
what!	0
tis evermore the prologue to his sleep; he'll watch the horologe a double set, if drink rock not his cradle.	0
my lord ,  i informed them as much .	0
my words go up ,  my thoughts stay here below .	0
will it give place to flexure and low bending ?	0
lead ,  boy .	0
why is he dead ?	0
searching the window for a flint i found this paper thus seal'd up, and i am sure it did not lie there when i went to bed.	0
go shake your ears !	0
please, sir, what rude salesman was this that was so full of his own trickery?	0
sir ,  his refinement suffers no lie from you ,  although ,  i know ,  to divide him like an inventor would make the memory dizzy with arithmetic ,  and yet not off course ,  in regard to his quick sail .	0
a fortnight and odd days .	0
you are the singer.	0
dead ?	0
and if you leave me so ,  you do me wrong .	0
no ,  not for venice .	0
cassio, my lord!	0
these men all have one intention ,  and it’s directed against caesar .	0
please ,  horatio ,  go with him .	0
twenty crowns .	0
how do you ,  my good lady ?	0
it’s my men who should call me  “ lord .  ”  i’m your man ,  your fellow .	0
but if the gods themselves saw her then ,  when she saw pyrrhus make malicious sport by chopping her husband’s limbs with his sword ,  the instant burst of noise that she made ,  unless mortal events can’t move them at all ,  would have made the burning eyes of heaven milk ,  and rouse passion in the gods .	0
i’ faith, i am sorry that thou art not well.	0
is this the noble moor whom our full senate call all in all sufficient ?	0
it is not so expressed ,  but what of that ?	0
what wouldst thou write of me ,  if thou shouldst praise me ?	0
tell him i’ll knock his leek about his pate upon saint davy’s day .	0
your master is a wise and valiant roman; i always thought so.	0
i tell you ,  i’ll either make him eat some part of this leek or give him a four - day head - bashing . —go on ,  bite .	0
how now ,  ophelia ?	0
i could make as true a boast as that if i had a sow to my mistress .	0
my brother and thy uncle ,  called antonio— i pray thee ,  mark me (that a brother should be so perfidious !	0
now the inconstant moon has nothing to do with me .	0
o brother montague ,  give me thy hand .	0
i’ll come with you .	0
it was about to speak, when the rooster crowed.	0
look whether he has crowned dead cassius or not!	0
signior gratiano?	0
as far as i can see, it burns in the capulet’s tomb.	0
all this can i truly deliver .	0
they say the horses ate each other .	0
it wearies me; you say it wearies you .	0
the thane of cawdor has lost what the noble macbeth has won .	0
i won’t swear whether this is or is not true.	0
stop !	0
what ,  are we playing with interjections ?	0
has it come to this?	0
you shall read us the will ,  caesar's will .	0
father and mother is man and wife; man and wife is one flesh; and so ,  my mother .	0
my lord, i’m leaving.	0
fie, for shame!	0
ross: what sights, my lord?	0
that’s because the murderer is alive .	0
for what purpose ,  sir ,  i beg you ?	0
you’ll have to bear with me .	0
how ,  my pretty york ?	0
the english power is near, led on by malcolm, his uncle siward, and the good macduff.	0
nay, but ask my opinion too of that.	0
a most miraculous work in this good king ,  which often since my here - remain in england i have seen him do .	0
did romeo's hand shed tybalt's blood ?	0
get going, and, at the sunken place by the river acheron, meet me in the morning.	0
on a moderate pace i have since arrived but hither .	0
all this done ,  repair to pompey’s porch ,  where you shall find us .	0
for youth is bought more oft than begged or borrow’d .	0
i have been sexton here, man and boy, thirty years.	0
how shall that faith return again to earth unless that husband send it me from heaven by leaving earth?	0
tell me about it quickly ,  so that i ,  with wings as swift as meditation or the thoughts of love ,  may rush to my revenge .	0
what news among the merchants ?	0
our tolerance for slavery and oppression shows us to be weak ,  like women .	0
very well!	0
ungodly and monstrous !	0
let us be conjunctive in our revenge against him .	0
what ,  do you present your petitions in the street ?	0
tis false .	0
and strength shall gives us help .	0
for i’m sure that although you may know what temperance is ,  you’ve never experienced it firsthand .	0
let’s shake on it .	0
i was always honest with you, and so now, i speak my annoyance over the matter; so be cheerful, because i honestly think you are dammed.	0
in youth when i did love, did love, methought it was very sweet; to contract—o—the time for—a—my behove, o, methought there—a—was nothing—a meet.	0
well ,  say ,  sir .	0
in this last tempest.	0
morning’s here .	0
is he of god’s making ?	0
if you refuse me ,  the laws of venice have no validity .	0
are you talking about young master launcelot?	0
now that i think about it ,  maria was the one who first told me you were insane .	0
now ,  cinna . —now ,  metellus . —what ,  trebonius ,  i have an hour’s talk in store for you .	0
and thereof came it that the man was mad .	0
i want the law, the penalty, and penalty of my promise to pay.	0
caesar, beware of brutus; take heed of cassius; come not near casca; have an eye to cinna; trust not trebonius; mark it well metellus cimber; decius brutus loves thee not; thou hast wronged caius ligarius.	0
he would never have spoken to me like this .	0
and, my gracious duke, be it so she will not here before your grace consent to marry with demetrius, i beg the ancient privilege of athens: as she is mine, i may dispose of her; which shall be either to this gentleman or to her death, according to our law immediately provided in that case.	0
no, it is.	0
what had he done ,  to make him fly the land ?	0
why are you doing this ?	0
he trusts me well, the better my plan will work on him.	0
thou detestable maw, thou womb of death, gorg'd with the dearest morsel of the earth, thus i enforce thy rotten jaws to open, and in despite i'll cram thee with more food.	0
you were kneeled to and otherwise begged by all of us; and the fair soul herself considered at which option she should take ,  between reluctance and obedience .	0
who is here so rude that would not be a roman ?	0
i see a voice; now will i to the chink, to spy an i can hear my thisbe's face.	0
is it feasible ?	0
add details of your own to back up what i’m saying .	0
do you withdraw yourself a little while ,	0
what wilt thou do?	0
here .	0
here ,  i give you my blessing again .	0
here ,  sir ,  as foolish as ever .	0
how now !	0
fly, for that reason, noble cassius, fly far off.	0
run barefoot up and down ,  threatening the flames with bisson rheum; a clout upon that head where late the diadem stood ,  and for a robe ,  about her lank and all o'erteemed loins ,  a blanket ,  in the alarm of fear caught up— who this had seen ,  with tongue in venom steep'd 'gainst fortune's state would treason have pronounced .	0
you sell fish .	0
nor our strong sorrow ready to be revealed .	0
don’t wake her .	0
i thank thee ,  good sir john ,  with all my heart .	0
that is the very defect of the matter ,  sir .	0
in all these circumstances i’ll instruct you .	0
dead?	0
what have i said in my grief ?	0
i’ve done no more to caesar than you will do to me .	0
hamlet comes back.	0
she give it cassio ?	0
let them not live to taste this land’s increase ,  that would with treason wound this fair land’s peace .	0
if hercules and lichas play at dice which is the better man ,  the greater throw may turn by fortune from the weaker hand: so is alcides beaten by his page; and so may i ,  blind fortune leading me ,  miss that which one unworthier may attain ,  and die with grieving .	0
there the grown serpent lies; the worm that's fled hath nature that in time will venom breed ,  no teeth for the present .	0
varrus and claudio !	0
less than an ace, man; for he is dead; he is nothing.	0
stop there !	0
lo ,  where it comes again !	0
a fine woman !	0
if any man in italy have a fairer table ,  which doth offer to swear upon a book ,  i shall have good fortune !	0
what, my good lord?	0
if by direct or by collateral hand they find us touch'd, we will our kingdom give, our crown, our life, and all that we call ours, to you in satisfaction; but if not, be you content to lend your patience to us, and we shall jointly labour with your soul to give it due content.	0
i like you lads .	0
my leisure serves me ,  pensive daughter ,  now .	0
i know him to be valiant .	0
i would’ve been happy if the entire camp, pioneers and all, had tasted her sweet body, as long as i didn’t know about it.	0
speak .	0
what does this shouting mean ?	0
so i hope .	0
if you shall cleave to my consent ,  when ’tis ,  it shall make honor for you .	0
thou shalt serve me .	0
portia ,  art thou gone ?	0
now you must see that i am not guilty, and you must put me in your heart as a friend, since you have heard, and with a knowing ear, that man who killed your noble father wanted to kill me.	0
this falls out better than i could devise .	0
introduce yourself to them ,  and bring them in .	0
he started it ,  my noble lord ,  and succeeding generations rebuilt it .	0
he smiled and said ,   “ the better for us .  ”  he’s right ,  and that’s how it is .	0
humors!	0
where's the baron of cawdor ?	0
think it no more .	0
goodbye .	0
they stumble that run fast.	0
a halter pardon him !	0
who measured the ground ?	0
den it shall also content me .	0
art thou a man ?	0
what means this shouting?	0
didn’t i once have four ,  or five ,  women once ,  that took care of me ?	0
yea ,  marry ,  dost thou hear ,  balthasar ?	0
is that what he says ?	0
signor antonio commends him to you .	0
a very clear way ,  but there is no friend who will undertake it .	0
i’d rather they killed me than have to live without your love .	0
god save the king !	0
and then to escape drowning three times ,  and to be in fear for my life with the edge of a feather bed; here are simple escapes .	0
your mind is tossing on the ocean; there ,  where your argosies ,  with portly sail , — like signiors and rich burghers on the flood ,  or ,  as it were ,  the pageants of the sea , — do overpeer the petty traffickers ,  that curt'sy to them ,  do them reverence ,  as they fly by them with their woven wings .	0
therefore we'll have some half a dozen friends ,  and there an end .	0
if i had been any god of power ,  i would have sunk the sea on the earth ,  before it would have swallowed the good ship and the souls that were her cargo .	0
when biondello comes ,  he waits on thee ,  but i will charm him first to keep his tongue .	0
cassio did top her; ask thy husband else .	0
why dost thou ask ?	0
will you speak well of him that kill'd your cousin ?	0
change course ,  my brain !	0
then your other senses must be getting worse because of the trauma of blindness .	0
where’s antony now ?	0
behold !	0
this is her very guise ,  and ,  upon my life ,  fast asleep .	0
what form ?	0
mind your own business ; i have use for it .	0
what do you mean ,   “ wears the wreath ”  ?	0
beshrew me, but i love her heartily: for she is wise, if i can judge of her; and fair she is, if that mine eyes be true; and true she is, as she hath prov'd herself; and therefore, like herself, wise, fair, and true, shall she be placed in my constant soul.	0
his words were ,   “ goodbye ,  mistress ,  ”  nothing else .	0
methinks i do.	0
yes ,  truly ,  for look you ,  the sins of the father are to be laid upon the children .	0
when caesar lived, he wouldn’t dare insult me like this.	0
he goes before me, and still dares me on; when i come where he calls, then he is gone.	0
be thou assured ,  good cassio ,  i will do all my abilities in thy behalf .	0
thou hast not ,  cousin .	0
when caesar says, "do this," i do it.	0
also—i’ve kept my sword unsheathed since i saw this—in front of the capitol i met a lion who looked at me and strutted by without bothering to attack me .	0
according to the laws of war ,  you didn’t have to fight a stranger .	0
there it goes, silver!	0
isn’t he here ?	0
concerning this ,  sir—o well - painted passion ! — i am commanded home .	0
nay ,  he rubs himself with civet .	0
i’m to blame to be waited for like this.— now, cinna;—now, metellus;—what, trebonius!	0
i’m a soldier ,  more experienced than you ,  and better able to give orders .	0
blow the trumpet !	0
you told me you salute not at the court but you kiss your hands .	0
let me see .	0
duke of burgundy ,  if you want peace ,  the lack of which creates these misfortunes you describe ,  you must purchase it buy agreeing across - the - board to all our very just demands .	0
i only think of the world as the world, gratiano; a stage, where every man must play a part, and my part is a sad one.	0
o lamentable day !	0
sir john falstaff .	0
o dardanius !	0
i have seen nothing .	0
tsk ,  you’re wrong .	0
you’ve pierced me through the heart with your cruelty ,  and yet you ,  the murderer ,  look as bright and clear as a star in the sky .	0
shall i be frighted when a madman stares?	0
just look .	0
that herod’s head i’ll have !	0
by heaven ,  i would rather have been his hangman .	0
hello ,  spirit !	0
so will ye ,  i am sure ,  that you love me .	0
will you tell me that ?	0
i pause for a reply .	0
who can control his fate ?	0
his old sword ,  rebelling against his arm ,  lies where it falls ,  resisting his commands .	0
my father capulet will have it so ,  and i am nothing slow to slack his haste .	0
speak it again and ,  even with the word ,  this hand ,  which for thy love did kill thy love ,  shall for thy love kill a far truer love .	0
now ,  out of doubt antipholus is mad; else would he never so demean himself .	0
well ,  good night .	0
i kiss'd thee ere i kill'd thee .	0
here ,  fluellen ,  wear thou this favor for me and stick it in thy cap .	0
what enterprise, popilius?	0
for no kind of traffic would i admit .	0
the sin of my ingratitude even now was heavy on me.	0
a very handsome man .	0
i will so.	0
but you ,  my noble lords ,  may name a time ,  and i’ll second it on the duke’s behalf ,  which i don’t think he’ll mind .	0
what has caesar done to deserve your love ?	0
and then ,  sir ,  ask if he does this ,  does he -  - what was i about to say ?	0
i do never use it .	0
i will speak to this fellow.	0
cassio, do you any idea who they are that have mangled you like this?	0
freedom, high-day, freedom!	0
tongue nor heart cannot conceive nor name thee !	0
i had forgotten about you.	0
kill men in the dark!	0
hastings loved the prince’s father so much that we won’t be able to persuade him to do anything against the prince .	0
romeo!	0
how the moon sleeps with endymion and would not be awaked .	0
if this be known ,  cassius or caesar never shall turn back ,  for i will slay myself .	0
come ,  let's do so ,  because every minute is to expect more arrival .	0
this is as rude as it is strange .	0
quickly, hurry, hurry.	0
dead !	0
yes ,  it does shine that night .	0
i serve as good a man as you .	0
which way ?	0
or ill-beseeming beast in seeming both!	0
by mary, this is miching mallecho, it means mischief.	0
o love!	0
it will likely be a bloody fight .	0
if all else fail ,  myself have power to die .	0
at sardis once ,  and this last night here in philippi fields .	0
good reasons must, of course, yield to better reasons.	0
come, knock and enter; and, as soon as we get in, every man start running.	0
you poor soul ,  your face has suffered many tears .	0
i don’t want to go out of doors, yet something leads me there.	0
a little water clears us of this deed .	0
my mother, dying, gave it to me, and asked me, when my fate would have me marry, to give it to my wife.	0
be patient ,  your highness .	0
temperance was a delicate wench .	0
will money buy 'em ?	0
please give it to me .	0
a living drollery.	0
you will see me no more, whether he be dead or not.	0
i have letters that say the same thing .	0
in his ignorant jealousy ,  he’ll totally misunderstand cassio’s smiles ,  gestures ,  and jokes . —how are you ,  lieutenant ?	0
the container of that great soul is now cold .	0
here, my good lord.	0
ay ,  or any show that you will show him .	0
when you do find him ,  or alive or dead ,  he’ll be found like brutus ,  like himself .	0
tis very grievous to be thought upon .	0
is it more sin to wish me to be a liar ,  or to curse my husband with the same tongue that she has praised him with ,  above compare so many thousand times ?	0
he’s speaking now ,  or perhaps he’s whispering ,   “ where’s my serpent of the nile ?  ”  for that’s his pet name for me .	0
it is his .	0
fear not, till birnam wood do come to dunsinane,” and now a wood comes toward dunsinane.	0
ah me !	0
is it your dear friend that is thus in trouble ?	0
will you know the truth about it?	0
gentlemen ,  play here ,  i will reward your pains ,  something that's brief and say ,   “ good morning ,  general .  ”  hey ,  fellows ,  have your instruments been in naples ,  that they sound as horrible as like this ?	0
call him hither to me ,  soldier .	0
he is well paid that is well satisfied: and i ,  delivering you ,  am satisfied ,  and therein do account myself well paid; my mind was never yet more mercenary .	0
if all the wine in my bottle will recover him ,  i will help his ague .	0
this is a classic example of the idiocy of the world: when we’re down and out—often because of our own excesses —we put all the blame on the sun ,  the moon ,  and the stars ,  as if they forced us to be bad ,  or the heavens compelled us to be villainous or stupid .	0
is she dead ?	0
this skull hath lain in the earth three and twenty years .	0
come ,  go in .	0
a spirit ?	0
come like shadows; so depart !	0
oh friar ,  damned souls use the word banishment to describe hell .	0
absolutely ,  people should be what they appear to be .	0
good morrow, brutus, do we trouble you?	0
tis so strange that ,  though the truth of it stands off as gross as black and white ,  my eye will scarcely see it .	0
what ,  must our mouths be cold ?	0
and so will i .	0
is that my prize ?	0
give me your hand; take me to my host.	0
ay ,  that he was .	0
if he loves caesar, all that he can do is what he can do to himself — think and die for caesar.	0
if she do bid me pack ,  i’ll give her thanks ,  as though she bid me stay by her a week .	0
how silver-sweet is the sound of lovers' voices by night, like softest music to listening ears!	0
listen to me ,  queen .	0
o ,  then i see queen mab hath been with you .	0
so should he look that seems to speak things strange .	0
about an hour for the ringing and fifteen minutes for the crying .	0
o ,  these men ,  these men !	0
i will discharge it in either your straw color beard, your orange-tawny beard, your purple-in-grain beard, or your french crown color beard, your perfect yellow.	0
i pray you ,  good bassanio ,  let me know it .	0
thou praisest the worst best .	0
i will ,  and know her mind early to - morrow; to - night she's mew'd up to her heaviness .	0
he has my dying voice .	0
i would forget it fain ,  but oh ,  it presses to my memory ,  like damnèd guilty deeds to sinners' minds .	0
wasn’t it yesterday we spoke together?	0
i never offended you in my life; never loved cassio except with such general lawfulness of heaven as i might love .	0
i will be hang'd ,  if some eternal villain ,  some busy and insinuating rogue ,  some cogging cozening slave ,  to get some office ,  have not devised this slander; i'll be hang'd else .	0
isn’t she a well - mannered young lady ?	0
speak thou now .	0
for england his approaches makes as fierce as waters to the sucking of a gulf .	0
i am, my lord, as well derived as he, as well possess'd; my love is more than his; my fortunes every way as fairly rank'd, if not with vantage, as demetrius'; and, which is more than all these boasts can be, i am belov'd of beauteous hermia.	0
tell him there’s a post come from my master with his horn full of good news .	0
you are to die.	0
there was never counterfeit of passion came so near the life of passion as she discovers it .	0
thou turn'st mine eyes into my very soul ,  and there i see such black and grained spots as will not leave their tinct .	0
o my father, i have broke your hest to say so!	0
a devil, a born devil, on whose nature kindness can never stick; on whom my pains, taken humanely are all, all lost, quite lost; and as his body grows uglier with age, so his mind is diseased.	0
at last ,  a little shaking of mine arm and thrice his head thus waving up and down ,  he raised a sigh so piteous and profound as it did seem to shatter all his bulk and end his being .	0
brutus killed me .	0
set it down .	0
this is too long.	0
they certainly do like to butt heads !	0
i work for as good a man as you do .	0
no more foolish talk .	0
romeo!	0
we all expect a gentle answer ,  jew .	0
what, ho!	0
come here ,  you .	0
look ,  here comes the woman you love .	0
o ,  i have lost my reputation !	0
we shall ,  my liege .	0
it beats as it would fall in twenty pieces.	0
speak not of helena .	0
o ,  farewell !	0
you’d be king o' th' isle ,  sirrah ?	0
a jumbled confession can only receive a jumbled absolution .	0
oh ,  where have you led me ,  egypt ?	0
a’ was a merry man) took up the child.	0
didn’t i deserve anything more than a fool’s head ?	0
i shall remember .	0
yea ,  art thou there ?	0
hear me ,  good brother— under your pardon .	0
did he ask macduff ?	0
what will you do ?	0
what thou wouldst highly ,  that wouldst thou holily; wouldst not play false ,  and yet wouldst wrongly win .	0
the humiliation is all mine .	0
tis a day such as the day is when the sun is hid .	0
robin starveling ,  the tailor .	0
and so am i for rosalind .	0
dear general ,  i never gave you cause .	0
what money ,  sir ?	0
i wonder why they are here together.	0
upon that i kiss your hand ,  and i call you my queen .	0
no .	0
what ,  art mad ?	0
where?	0
bring in my lord .	0
who takes care of them ?	0
oh ,  what a bloody end to all this !	0
the charm’s going to bring things to a head.	0
you go down that way towards the capitol; i’ll go this way.	0
who ,  i ,  my lord ?	0
oh !	0
o ill-starred wench!	0
am i a married man or a bachelor ?	0
send something along to prove you’re withdrawing the orders .	0
they are wise and honorable ,  and will ,  no doubt ,  with reasons answer you .	0
but i haven’t eaten anything yet .	0
would i had met my dearest foe in heaven or ever i had seen that day ,  horatio !	0
then he is dead ?	0
look whether he has crowned dead cassius or not !	0
masters ,  play here ,  i will content your pains .	0
enough .	0
that must be because you’re so ambitious .	0
o desdemon !	0
indeed ,  i should have asked thee that before .	0
huntsman ,  i charge thee ,  tender well my hounds .	0
why ,  get going .	0
your brother the bastard is fled from messina .	0
dost thou live by thy tabour ?	0
the higher the nile flows ,  the better the harvest .	0
there thou mayst brain him ,  having first seized his books; or with a log batter his skull; or paunch him with a stake; or cut his weasand with thy knife .	0
come ,  come away .	0
how can that be ?	0
how now !	0
bid them achieve me and then sell my bones .	0
he has the wisdom to act bravely but also safely .	0
give me your hand first.	0
you ,  pyramus' father . —myself ,  thisbe’s father . —snug the joiner ,  you ,  the lion’s part . —and i hope here is a play fitted .	0
to alonso] had i plantation of this isle ,  my lord , — [to alonso] had i [to sebastian] he'd sow't with nettle - seed .	0
thirty ships .	0
hie ,  make haste ,  make haste !	0
i cannot tell wat is dat .	0
he will divorce you; or apply to you what restraint and grievance the law will allow him to do ,  with all his might to do it .	0
your answer is so strange !	0
but here’s an old ,  true saying:  “ if you want to win france ,  start with scotland .  ”  for when the eagle england leaves her nest to seek prey ,  the weasel scot always comes sneaking around to suck dry her princely eggs and ,  like the mouse when the cat’s away ,  destroy more than she can actually eat .	0
is the king awake yet, worthy baron?	0
and now you decide to call a holiday ?	0
why ,  the rumors are all saying that antonio has a ship of rich cargo wrecked on the narrow seas; i think they call the place the goodwins ,  a very dangerous ,  flat ,  and fatal place ,  where the dead bodies of many tall ships are buried ,  as they say ,  if my gossip reporter is an honest woman of her word .	0
there are only friends here .	0
hold !	0
at night we’ll feast together .	0
i think he will stand very strong with us .	0
yes, damn it, it was, and he pushed it aside three times, every time more gently than the last, and at each pushing aside, my honest neighbors shouted.	0
you would be satisfied ?	0
this is the truth ,  or let benvolio die .	0
hang on!	0
let’s stab ourselves .	0
approach, ye furies fell.	0
to th’ most of men this is a caliban, and they to him are angels.	0
it’s the same kind of guy who got you upset and made you suspect i’d cheated on you with the moor .	0
i’ve lurked in the shadows here to watch the downfall of my enemies .	0
he didn’t know how to stop it .	0
that if you be honest and fair ,  your honesty should admit no discourse to your beauty .	0
i am their mother .	0
doth not rosemary and romeo begin both with a letter?	0
i may sit in a corner and cry ,   “ heigh - ho for a husband !  ”  lady beatrice ,  i will get you one .	0
why are you up now ?	0
this fellow might have been a great buyer of land in his time ,  with his statutes ,  his emblems ,  his fine art ,  his double billing ,  his house seizures ?	0
what are you there?	0
away ,  get thee away .	0
i would not kill your soul.	0
where shall we go?	0
well ,  thou dost best .	0
wake when some vile thing is near .	0
actually, even by losing his mind.	0
i told him you were asleep .	0
i’m really worried about that .	0
the east is very seductive .	0
no ,  antony ,  take the lot .	0
listen to me ,  good shylock .	0
what to ourselves in passion we propose ,  the passion ending ,  doth the purpose lose .	0
ah, servant [to 2 capulet], by my faith, it grows late; i'm going to sleep.	0
good morning ,  caesar .	0
a worthy pioneer !	0
my father’s studying hard ,  so he won’t see you .	0
three thousand dollars ,  for three months ,  and antonio obligated .	0
fly ,  my lord ,  fly .	0
he will stay till you come.	0
never at quiet !	0
this sin of greediness digs in deeper; grows with a more dangerous root than summer - seeming lust; and it has been the sword of our slain kings .	0
nor living ones ,  i hope .	0
go then; for it’s useless to look for him here when he intends not to be found.	0
well ,  that turned out well in the end .	0
has romeo killed himself ?	0
well ,  i will marry one day ,  but to try .	0
you lie.	0
the hearts of old gave hands ,  but our new heraldry is hands ,  not hearts .	0
no ,  the legs and thighs .	0
for hecuba ?	0
how if he will not stand ?	0
your wife ,  my lord; your true and loyal wife .	0
don’t presume too much about my friendship; i may do something that i’ll be sorry for.	0
in belmont is a lady richly left, and she is fair, and, fairer than that word, of wondrous virtues.	0
you lie up to the hearing of the gods .	0
he has a very gloomy attitude .	0
mine eyes do itch; doth that bode weeping?	0
now, the next day was our sea-fight, and what followed you know already.	0
king stephen was a worthy peer ,  his breeches only cost him a dollar; he held them six cents all too expensive ,  with that he called the calm tailor .	0
i tell thee what—get thee to church a thursday or never after look me in the face.	0
say ,   “ the brave antony .  ”                                                  the valiant caesar !	0
the nobleman’s are as huge as the underfed villager’s .	0
well ,  eventually god will send him some more hair ,  if he thanks him .	0
tarry ,  petruchio ,  i must go with thee ,  for in baptista’s keep my treasure is .	0
hail to your lordship !	0
ho, awake!	0
and jealous oberon would have the child knight of his train ,  to trace the forests wild .	0
portia ,  go in awhile ,  and by and by thy bosom shall partake the secrets of my heart .	0
four days will quickly dissolve into four nights; four nights will quickly dream away the time; and then the moon, like a silver slice in the heavens, will light the night of our wedding solemnities.	0
very well, my lord.	0
go ahead; you aren’t ,  cassius .	0
hurry ,  hurry !	0
i have, when you’ve heard what i can say and you know it now.	0
art rich ?	0
he is my prisoner .	0
aroint thee, witch!” the rump-fed ronyon cries.	0
wherefore weep you?	0
the shallowest thick - skin of that barren sort ,  who pyramus presented ,  in their sport forsook his scene and ent'red in a brake; when i did him at this advantage take ,  an ass's nole i fixed on his head .	0
or maybe ,  to make it even more lovely ,  i’ll sing it when the heroine dies .	0
o ,  then be bold to say bassanio’s dead !	0
you have such a husband in me as she is for a wife .	0
come on .	0
my brother gloucester’s voice ?	0
i have observed that the air is delicate in areas where they frequently breed and visit.	0
he’ll accompany my wife ,  and bring whatever else you think i might need .	0
las, what's the matter?	0
i dare ,  and do defy thee for a villain .	0
live in the moment .	0
tell me ,  so i can cut it out of myself .	0
therefore our everlasting farewell take .	0
these many then shall die ,  their names are prick'd .	0
but in return ,  please ,  do one thing for me: leave me alone for a little while .	0
see—i’ve sealed his fate with this mark next to his name .	0
long live gonzalo!	0
will your grace command me any service to the world’s end ?	0
the town is empty; on the brow o' the sea stand ranks of people ,  and they cry ,   “ a sail !  ”  my hopes do shape him for the governor .	0
absolutely—he is stuffed ,  like a dummy .	0
there lies your way ,  due west .	0
enough to purchase what you have made known .	0
will you, i pray, demand that demidevil why he hath thus ensnared my soul and body?	0
there's two or three of us who have seen strange sights .	0
go to ,  go to .	0
ay, thou poor ghost, while memory holds a seat in this distracted globe.	0
what is it ,  biondello ?	0
are you okay ,  my love ?	0
hold on ,  take these keys and go get more spices ,  nurse .	0
the venom clamors of a jealous woman poisons more deadly than a mad dog’s tooth .	0
there art thou happy too.	0
will we hear from you before bedtime ,  catesby ?	0
where lies your text ?	0
i beg you all, stand up.	0
hold your desperate hand .	0
god bless my old master .	0
now romeo is beloved, and loves again, both of them bewitched by the charm of looks; but he must complain to his supposed enemy, and she must steal love's sweet bait from fearful hooks.	0
yes ,  he’s the one who first told me about her .	0
truly ,  sir ,  all that i live by is with the awl; i meddle with no tradesman's matters ,  nor women's matters ,  but with awl .	0
i think that’s strange .	0
o my follies !	0
thieves !	0
if after every tempest come such calms ,  may the winds blow till they have waken'd death !	0
cleopatra ,  catching but the least noise of this ,  dies instantly .	0
tell me but this, haven’t you sometimes seen a handkerchief spotted with strawberries in your wife's hand?	0
let your wedding be tomorrow .	0
my sword, i say!	0
fellows ,  let’s be gone .	0
nod to him ,  elves ,  and do him courtesies .	0
i will be treble - sinewed ,   - hearted ,   - breathed ,  and fight maliciously .	0
oh ,  what a world this is ,  when even what is beautiful in a man poisons him !	0
let’s see .	0
is this true ,  nerissa ?	0
i brought news of juliet's death to my master ,  and then he came from mantua ,  by horse ,  to this same place ,  to this same tomb .	0
do you doubt that ?	0
and slay thy lady that in thy life lives, by doing damned hate upon thyself?	0
i thank you ,  gentle uncle .	0
not me .	0
sir ,  it’s a troupe of actors who want to perform for your lordship .	0
there lies that tybalt.	0
thank you .	0
wife !	0
the moor replies that the man you hurt is very famous in cyprus and has a great reputation ,  and that ,  in pure wisdom ,  he might not refuse you ,  but he protests he loves you and needs no other person begging than his own opinion to take the safest public occasion to bring you back again .	0
i will confess to you that i love him .	0
sir ,  what is your opinion of me ?	0
don’t deceive me .	0
lorenzo will be happy with what we’ve done .	0
he is the only man of italy ,  always excepted my dear claudio .	0
minion ,  thou liest .	0
you keep cramming words into my ears that i don’t want to hear .	0
the one who chooses me will get what he deserves ”  !	0
our plan will seem too bloody, caius cassius, to cut off the head, and then hack off the arms and legs, like anger in death and jealousy afterwards, because antony is but a limb of caesar.	0
that drop of blood that's calm proclaims me bastard; cries cuckold to my father; brands the harlot even here, between the chaste unsmirched brows of my true mother.	0
if not ,  come when you have the courage .	0
who brought it ?	0
hear'st thou of them?	0
i shall forget, to have thee still stand there, remembering how i love thy company.	0
is it within reason and compass?	0
thou runaway, thou coward, art thou fled?	0
will you surrender and avoid all this or be called to account for the destruction of this town ?	0
have you written that down ,  that they aren’t criminals ?	0
no eyes in your head til there’s money in your wallet ?	0
i have used thee ,  filth as thou art ,  with human care ,  and lodged thee in mine own cell till thou didst seek to violate the honor of my child .	0
that is done too, sir: only, cover is the word.	0
or ask you to leave the room ?	0
i'll find romeo to comfort you.	0
well run ,  thisbe .	0
well ,  then ,  help me .	0
young budding virgin ,  fair and pure and sweet ,  where are you off to ?	0
and	0
you’ll wear a mask ,  and you can make your voice as high as you want to .	0
oh ,  it came o'er my ear like the sweet sound ,  that breathes upon a bank of violets ,  stealing and giving odor .	0
he has almost finished supper.	0
we’re not playing a merry tune .	0
do you think i meant country matters?	0
caesar's better parts shall be crown'd in brutus .	0
when a great person departs ,  it causes more pain than when the soul leaves the body .	0
i never—oh ,  what a mistake ! —revealed myself to him until half an hour ago ,  when i was in my armor .	0
right true it is your son lucentio here doth love my daughter and she loveth him ,  or both dissemble deeply their affections .	0
the more i hate ,  the more he follows me .	0
there’s the cunning of it .	0
then it’s no surprise they had a bad influence on him .	0
who is here so low thatthey would rather be a slave ?	0
it is shaped like a weasel .	0
many will swoon when they do look on blood .	0
let it alone, thou fool; it is but trash.	0
what had he done to make him fly the land ?	0
sir ,  most heedfully .	0
oh ,  how brave of you !	0
what does my powerful master wish for ?	0
give me the daggers .	0
i’ve never known any woman or seen a woman’s face—except my own in the mirror .	0
as moral as me !	0
i am not drunk now; i can stand well enough, and i speak well enough.	0
come on ,  you keep getting paler .	0
come, ruin!	0
it was .	0
your tale ,  sir ,  would cure deafness .	0
all’s hushed as midnight yet .	0
what ,  are you hurt ,  lieutenant ?	0
well said .	0
to bed, to bed, to bed.	0
what do i fear ?	0
for michael cassio, i dare be sworn i think that he is honest.	0
the attempt and not the deed confounds us.	0
thou ,  wretched boy ,  that didst consort him here ,  shalt with him hence .	0
poor tom’s a - cold .	0
art thou some god ,  some angel ,  or some devil that makest my blood cold ,  and my hair to stare ?	0
with the same 'havior that your passion bears goes on my master’s grief .	0
please ,  dear ,  calm down .	0
look you ,  the worm is not to be trusted but in the keeping of wise people ,  for indeed there is no goodness in the worm .	0
my parts ,  my title ,  and my perfect soul shall manifest me rightly .	0
what makes him here ?	0
my dear othello!	0
heavens thank you for't.	0
no ,  truly ,  for the truest poetry is the most feigning ,  and lovers are given to poetry ,  and what they swear in poetry may be said as lovers they do feign .	0
something is rotten in the state of denmark.	0
your cheeks are thin because of hunger .	0
the boy gives the warning something is approaching.	0
either you ,  or i ,  or both of us have to go with him .	0
in the meantime i will draw a bill of properties ,  such as our play wants .	0
i think i do .	0
why, farewell, portia.	0
are you not well ?	0
every minute we expect more ships to arrive .	0
choose another tack .	0
you will be whipped .	0
then all alone at the prefixed hour of her waking came i to take her from her kindred's vault; meaning to keep her closely at my cell till i conveniently could send to romeo .	0
i’m going .	0
yes ,  you did .	0
the wiser ,  the waywarder .	0
that was no show .	0
of all the days in the year ,  i became a grave - maker the day that our last king hamlet overcame fortinbras .	0
why do you cry ?	0
call my sister that .	0
iago ,  who started it ?	0
so take me to see them .	0
yes ,  madam .	0
rebellious hell ,  if thou canst mutine in a matron's bones ,  to flaming youth let virtue be as wax and melt in her own fire .	0
thou hast most kindly hit it.	0
yes, or any show that you'll show him.	0
and for cassio ,  let me be his undertaker .	0
i felt like skipping school ,  sir .	0
what, with worms and flies?	0
woe to the hand that shed this costly blood !	0
and he’s friendly with caesar .	0
i marvel what kin thou and thy daughters are .	0
is it not like the king ?	0
if i ever dreamt about such a matter ,  hate me .	0
shut up your doors ,  my lord .	0
how now ,  wife ?	0
confirmed ,  confirmed !	0
really ,  he won it from me once before in a dishonest game of dice .	0
whenever a king sighs ,  everyone groans .	0
justice ,  most sacred duke ,  against the abbess .	0
i have heard it said so .	0
good night ,  good night !	0
look ,  here it is .	0
i will talk further with you .	0
hang him ,  jack !	0
no, by my life and soul!	0
i charge thee ,  speak !	0
then ,  prophetlike ,  they hailed him father to a line of kings .	0
these fellows have some soul ,  and such a one do i profess myself .	0
faith ,  i know not what to say .	0
really, i don’t know why i’m so sad; it wearies me; you say it wearies you; but how i caught it, found it, or came by it, what it’s made of, where it started, i must find out; and sadness makes me so crazy that i don’t know who i am.	0
o, treachery!	0
i hear someone knocking at the south entry .	0
do not you chide; i have a thing for you .	0
here’s a night pities neither wise man nor fool .	0
small joy have i in being england’s queen .	0
so, prithee, go with me.	0
now start the music ,  and sing the solemn hymn .	0
my lord ?	0
as sane as me ?	0
this was looked for at your hand ,  and this was balked .	0
and when the mind is quickened ,  out of doubt ,  the organs ,  though defunct and dead before ,  break up their drowsy grave and newly move ,  with casted slough and fresh legerity .	0
emilia ,  go to the castle and tell othello and desdemona what happened . —will you please go now ?	0
if a jew wrongs a christian ,  what is his option ?	0
consider yourself more dearly ,  or ,  not to keep harping on that poor phrase ,  doing harm to it ,  you'll  “ offer ”  me a fool !	0
yes ,  my lord ?	0
shake off this downy sleep ,  death's counterfeit ,  and look on death itself !	0
you are so naked and full of misery and you’re afraid to die ?	0
look in my face .	0
what say you ,  hermia ?	0
well run, thisbe.	0
look how she leans her hand on her cheek .	0
my lord ,  i have remembrances of yours that i have longed long to redeliver .	0
i say you’re not .	0
but with much forcing to make himself do it .	0
but where will we go ?	0
and this weak and idle theme, no more yielding but a dream, gentles, do not reprehend.	0
and a good lady ,  and a wise and virtuous .	0
a hare, a hare, a hare!	0
yes ,  but that makes me love you even more .	0
let me see .	0
delay it not; i'll have him hence tonight.	0
i’ll tell you ,  cassius ,  you yourself have been called greedy and been accused of giving your positions to undeserving men in exchange for gold .	0
this skull has been buried three-and-twenty years.	0
and i'll still stay ,  to have you still forget ,  forgetting any other home but this one .	0
brutus, a word with you.	0
love doesn’t look with the eyes, but with the mind; and that’s why cupid is painted with a blindfold.	0
as for monsieur malvolio ,  let me take care of him .	0
i don’t know.	0
they have made worms’ meat of me.	0
maybe she’s just pretending .	0
oh grim-looked night!	0
welcome ,  publius .	0
do so: laziness i inherited teaches me to go down, oh!	0
what noise is this ?	0
i don’t care what he told you in latin .	0
lady ,  by yonder blessed moon i swear ,  that tips with silver all these fruit - tree tops— o ,  swear not by the moon ,  the inconstant moon ,  that monthly changes in her circled orb ,  lest that thy love prove likewise variable .	0
go off .	0
i'll tell you what you shall do.	0
we’ll perform all the holy rites .	0
don’t you think so ?	0
no more a soldier .	0
indeed, time has a strange disposition but men may interpret things in whatever way they like, far from the purpose of the things themselves.	0
every day thou daffest me with some device, iago; and rather, as it seems to me now, keepest from me all conve- niency than suppliest me with the least advantage of hope.	0
how now!	0
but roderigo ,  if you’re as courageous and determined as i think you are ,  then wait just a bit longer .	0
this is all that’s left for me to do ,  but i won’t do it .	0
and you shall be satisfied .	0
yield up, o love, your crown and hearted throne to tyrannous hate!	0
whether they meant to bathe in fresh ,  bleeding wounds ,  or create another crucifixion scene ,  i cannot tell .	0
caesar?	0
this murderous arrow that's been shot has not yet hit its target ,  and our safest way is to avoid the aim .	0
you wronged yourself to write on behalf of such a man .	0
it’s time for me to go .	0
what is the matter there ?	0
look how she rubs her hands.	0
briefness and fortune ,  work ! — brother ,  a word .	0
no.	0
alas ,  i hate myself instead ,  because of the hateful deeds i’ve committed .	0
why ,  what make you here ?	0
will not the ladies be afeard of the lion ?	0
go, villain, get a doctor.	0
the storm is coming up, and everything is at stake.	0
o wonderful son ,  that can so astonish a mother !	0
say to me whose fortunes shall rise higher ,  caesar’s or mine ?	0
what’s going on now about this haunted grove?	0
better i were distract— so should my thoughts be severed from my griefs ,  and woes by wrong imaginations lose the knowledge of themselves .	0
not mad ,  but bound more than a madman is; shut up in prison ,  kept without my food ,  whipp'd and tormented and– god - eve ,  good fellow .	0
all these friends are my witnesses ,  so i swear to you ,  i swear by your beautiful eyes ,  in which i see myself reflected— did you hear that !	0
trebonius knows his cue .	0
i am more an antique romanthan a dane.	0
your name ,  sir ,  truly .	0
how?	0
as shafalus to procrus ,  i to you .	0
was he pale or flushed and red - faced ?	0
good - bye .	0
is it possible?	0
no, only heaven knows.	0
the storm has begun and everything is at stake .	0
first, good peter quince, tell us what the play’s about, then read the names of the actors; and so get to the point.	0
once ,  on a cold and windy day ,  when the river tiber was crashing against its banks ,  caesar said to me ,   “ cassius ,  i dare you to jump into this rough water with me and swim to that point there .  ”  as soon as he spoke ,  though i was fully dressed ,  i plunged in and called for him to follow .	0
i pray to god he isn’t .	0
but new struck nine .	0
what’s this ?	0
goodbye.	0
she has been in a man’s bed .	0
here ,  noble lord .	0
god knows when we shall meet again .	0
the jew shall have my flesh ,  blood ,  bones and all ,  ere thou shalt lose for me one drop of blood .	0
not that we love words more than fighting ,  like you do .	0
for the which ,  as i told you ,  antonio shall be bound .	0
be quiet and depart .	0
cobble you ,  sir .	0
poor antony !	0
in torture ,  bassanio !	0
this contents .	0
since you asked ,  i suppose it’s not bragging to say that we are .	0
go home, be merry, and agree to marry paris.	0
no .	0
you know me well ,  and herein spend but time to wind about my love with circumstance .	0
take away your hand !	0
poor man!	0
whither away ?	0
so ,  by my former lecture and advice ,  shall you my son .	0
come, give us a bit of your quality.	0
speak .	0
i don’t desire any more.	0
gloucester ,  gloucester ,  i want to speak with the duke of cornwall and his wife .	0
od’s lifelings ,  here he is ! —you broke my head for nothing ,  and that that i did ,  i was set on to do ’t by sir toby .	0
you have an excellent armor ,  but let my horse have his due .	0
why ,  there's no remedy .	0
no more of that .	0
very well.	0
is there no play to ease the anguish of a torturing hour?	0
now the condition .	0
no, no!	0
drunk !	0
if you ever loved me ,  then please postpone the sweet relief of death awhile ,  and stay in this harsh world long enough to tell my story .	0
she had a premonition of what has actually happened .	0
my pretty cousins ,  you mistake me both .	0
indeed ,  my lord ,  he is a perfectly wonderful horse .	0
here i am.	0
ready .	0
it is a paltry cap ,  a custard - coffin ,  a bauble ,  a silken pie .	0
damn you for mocking me .	0
would you praise caesar ,  say  “ caesar .  ”  go no further .	0
think it no more.	0
hurry up ,  audrey ,  hurry . —i’m coming ,  i’m coming .	0
why is this 'impawned,' as you call it?	0
but look ,  amazement on thy mother sits .	0
i may as well be hanged as to tell how it happened .	0
ay ,  madam ,  well ,  for i was bred and born not three hours' travel from this very place .	0
where is your leather apron and your ruler?	0
and nothing is at a like goodness still .	0
but here’s a parchment with the seal of caesar .	0
what a life is this that your poor friends must woo your company ?	0
somebody’s knocking .	0
i’ll grant you that i’m a woman, but i am, besides, a woman of good reputation, cato's daughter.	0
died two months ago and not forgotten yet ?	0
whose grave's this ,  sir -  rah ?	0
i tell you ,  you can use it to get your shoes fixed .	0
if you are already slain and not by me ,  my wife and children's ghosts will still haunt me .	0
you may change your mind later .	0
i shifted him away and laid good ’scuses upon your ecstasy ,	0
it’s strongest in the strongest people .	0
ay ,  my lord .	0
unbutton here .	0
i wouldn’t even pee without dancing a waltz .	0
what should this mean ?	0
last night of all ,  when yond same star that's westward from the pole had made his course to illume that part of heaven where now it burns ,  marcellus and myself ,  the bell then beating one— peace !	0
for that reason ,  good brutus ,  get ready to hear what i have to say; and since you know you can’t see yourself except in a mirror ,  i’ll be your mirror ,  and will modestly let you see that in yourself which you don’t know about .	0
all these swords have a length ?	0
coming from sardis ,  on our former ensign two mighty eagles fell ,  and there they perch'd ,  gorging and feeding from our soldiers' hands ,  who to philippi here consorted us .	0
even so great men should endure great losses.	0
when we’re faced with a wretched person ,  bruised and crying with hardship ,  we try to get them to shush up .	0
tis a naughty night to swim in .	0
hello ,  sir .	0
thou didst prevent me; i had peopled else this isle with calibans.	0
but i’ll see you soon .	0
since thou dost give me pains let me remember thee what thou hast promised, which is not yet performed me.	0
o cursed spite ,  that ever i was born to set it right !	0
drunk!	0
i didn’t refuse you .	0
do you know this water-fly?	0
good father ,  i’m begging you on my knees ,  be patient and listen to me say just one thing .	0
nay ,  if you be an undertaker ,  i am for you .	0
prepare you ,  generals .	0
i urge this childhood proof because what follows is pure innocence .	0
whither am i going?	0
i have sworn it .	0
well ,  we march on ,  to give obedience where it is truly owed .	0
good night .	0
then i will give you the serving creature .	0
on a night like this a campfire in an empty field would be like the heart of a dirty old man—a tiny spark in a cold body .	0
tomorrow dinner then?	0
coward ,  why com'st thou not ?	0
ready ,  so please your grace .	0
do you misdoubt this sword and these my wounds ?	0
how are you ?	0
before i open his letter ,  please tell me how my good friend is doing .	0
didn’t he just leave ?	0
would not this, sir, and a forest of feathers—if the rest of my fortunes turn turk with me—with two provincial roses on my razed shoes, get me a fellowship in a cry of players, sir?	0
it’s a disgrace to us all .	0
how was this seal'd?	0
i must tell you then .	0
may you stead me ?	0
i drink this vial to you .	0
but i guess it doesn’t matter .	0
fie on thee ,  wretch .	0
my lady olivia’s inside ,  sir .	0
how dost ,  my lord ?	0
no matter .	0
i would it might be hangers till then .	0
you rogue !	0
may i only do well in these dangerous battles if my intention to repent and prosper is sincere !	0
menas ,  i’ll not on shore .	0
sweet masters ,  be patient .	0
if you call me jephthah ,  my lord ,  i have a daughter that i love passing well .	0
captain of our fairy band ,  helena is here at hand ,  and the youth ,  mistook by me pleading for a lover's fee; shall we their fond pageant see ?	0
these are gracious drops .	0
here ,  take the ring .	0
the question of his death is enrolled in the capitol .	0
get going .	0
you conspire against your friend ,  iago ,  if you only think him wronged and won’t let him be anything but a stranger to your thoughts .	0
speak; tell me .	0
can he be angry ?	0
when i came back— for this was brief— i found them close together at blow and thrust ,  even as again they were when you yourself did part them .	0
were you the clerk that is to make me cuckold?	0
i can remember the past seventy years pretty well ,  and in all that time i have seen dreadful hours and strange things .	0
how long hath she been thus?	0
how noble in reason !	0
no ,  stop .	0
what a man are you!	0
never ,  my lord .	0
never excuse—for when the players are all dead ,  there needs none to be blamed .	0
a thousand thanks ,  signior gremio .	0
where will we meet in the morning ?	0
fulvia thy wife first came into the field .	0
no ,  it’s not as deep as a well ,  or as wide as a church door; but it’s enough ,  it will do .	0
so ,  i beg you ,  go with me .	0
no, then, i’ll send those to you who can speak.	0
well ,  learn to make jokes at the appropriate time .	0
whip me such honest knaves .	0
caius ligarius doesn’t like caesar ,  who berated him for speaking well of pompey .	0
who else?	0
oh ,  a plague has been prevented ,  thank god !	0
why ,  'tis an office of discovery ,  love; and i should be obscur'd .	0
your highnesses can both attest to the fact that i’ve strived mightily ,  with all my wits and energy ,  to bring about this royal meeting between you two imperial majesties .	0
then, tell me, who's the next heir of naples?	0
you ,  you ,  sirrah ,  where’s my daughter ?	0
out of my sight !	0
or was it a blessing that we did?	0
why do you want a sword!?	0
how does hamlet?	0
one word more.	0
it’ll be to our advantage more than doing us harm .	0
that’s nothing to worry about; you shall play it with a mask on ,  and you can make your voice as light as you want .	0
could he dig without arms?	0
oh ,  why is this so ?	0
o wretched fool, that livest to make thine honesty a vice!	0
it is my soul that calls upon my name.	0
what !	0
dost thou forget from what a torment i did free thee ?	0
he’s slain.	0
marry ,  on hero ,  the daughter and heir of leonato .	0
i find you ready ,  and if you were duller than the fat weed that rots itself in ease on the river bank ,  you wouldn’t move on this .	0
he will ,  an if he live to be a man .	0
and for that i promised you ,  i’ll be as good as my word .	0
his words were, farewell mistress; nothing else.	0
what ,  are the brothers parted ?	0
don’t provoke them to battle until we have finished at sea .	0
why, 'tis a loving and a fair reply.	0
your mistress sent for me to come to dinner ?	0
he is much changed.	0
i find you ready, and if you were duller than the fat weed that rots itself in ease on the river bank, you wouldn’t move on this.	0
a lover, or a tyrant?	0
i did not kill your husband .	0
cicero is dead ,  and by that order of proscription .	0
i pray you haste in this .	0
nonsense, nonsense, it will not appear.	0
i’ll do what i can ,  more than i’d do for myself .	0
so shall i ,  love ,  and so ,  i pray ,  be you .	0
o ,  help !	0
no ,  it was a little one ,  not more than a pint .	0
you swore to me when i gave it to you that you would wear it till you died ,  and that it would be buried with you .	0
and i .	0
to mourn mischief that is over and gone is the next way to create new mischief .	0
but two months dead!	0
quite dumb ?	0
there’s a spirit in here !	0
that i ask again ,  for nothing can be ill if she be well .	0
any man that can write may answer a letter.	0
i’ve been practicing fencing constantly since he went off to france .	0
she was so young ,  but she deceived her father so thoroughly he thought it was witchcraft !	0
how now ,  lady ?	0
we can only learn that the confident tyrant still stays in dunsinane ,  and will put up with our settling down before it .	0
dreams are a sign of ambition ,  since ambition is nothing more than the shadow of a dream .	0
didn’t you tell me that i’d be able to recognize the man by the athenian clothes he was wearing ?	0
i have done the deed.	0
i know this ,  and thus i challenge it .	0
where is our usual manager of mirth?	0
a right good markman !	0
she can’t even imagine what  “ love ”  is .	0
really ,  i’m only pretending to be him .	0
vows, to the blackest devil!	0
it’s disgraceful !	0
o god, i could be put into a nutshell and count myself a king of infinite space, if it were not that i have bad dreams.	0
my services to your lordship .	0
i thank you all for your trouble and courtesy .	0
sunday comes apace .	0
tis gone .	0
yes it is ,  you half - blood .	0
marry ,  i will; and this is wisely done .	0
let me hear what agrippa has to say .	0
three months from twelve ,  then .	0
are you good men and true ?	0
if only i could spit poison .	0
farewell !	0
it is a tale told by an idiot ,  full of sound and fury ,  signifying nothing .	0
i’ve been up all night .	0
still you keep o' the windy side of the law .	0
it is needful that you frame the season for your own harvest .	0
o dolt !	0
the wine she drinks is made of grapes.	0
bid them move away .	0
how fares my juliet?	0
i think their traveling to perform a play is a new innovation .	0
didn’t you figure out that i left you because i hate you ?	0
fear not ,  cesario .	0
passion, i see, is catching, for mine eyes, seeing those beads of sorrow stand in thine, began to water.	0
so you want to put a man in your belly .	0
oh ,  the sixpence you gave me last wednesday to buy leather goods for my mistress ?	0
i’ll get back at him another way .	0
well then, now.	0
spare not for the cost .	0
do we so.	0
then bid them prepare dinner .	0
ha ,  ha ,  ha !	0
ready .	0
i mean ,  in a sort .	0
may the good lord keep me safe from all women like her !	0
marry ,  sir ,  by a rule as plain as the plain bald pate of father time himself .	0
where is my father and my mother ,  nurse ?	0
but ,  listen to me ,  good shylock .	0
good my lord ,  enter here .	0
be not ta'en tardy by unwise delay .	0
see ,  now i have you .	0
i’ll then nor give nor hazard aught for lead .	0
what news do you have ?	0
phoebe did write it .	0
i am sorry that you will leave my father like this: our house is hell ,  and you ,  a happy devil ,  robbed it of some taste of boredom .	0
good hermia ,  do not be so bitter with me .	0
but wherefore art not in thy shop today ?	0
with news the time’s with labor ,  and throws forth each minute some .	0
do you even know what you’re talking about ?	0
all may be well; but if god sort it so ,  'tis more than we deserve or i expect .	0
adieu .	0
so ,  for fear of the worst ,  please set a deep glass of rhenish wine on the wrong chest; because if the devil were within the chest and that temptation on top of it ,  i know he will choose it .	0
i said ,  an elder soldier ,  not a better .	0
so have i heard and do in part believe it .	0
o, forgive me for bringing you this sad news, since you did leave it all up to me, sir.	0
did heaven look on and would not take their side?	0
a solemn song, and the best comforter to an unsettled mind, cure for your brains, now useless, boiled inside your skull!	0
but it’s not important.	0
by god ,  i order you to speak .	0
what money ,  sir ?	0
when we shall meet at elegance, this look of yours will hurl my soul from heaven, and devil will scratch at it.	0
mis-shapen disorder of perfectly pleasing forms!	0
to gonzalo] ‘widow dido’ said you?	0
so submit to my mercy or ,  like men who revel in their own destruction ,  challenge me to do my worst .	0
do not go forth today .	0
he ,  sir ,  that must marry this woman .	0
please don’t tell me any more .	0
bid the players make haste .	0
what did my man say ?	0
then ,  at my farm i have a hundred milk cows ,  a hundred and twenty fat oxen in my stables ,  and all the equipment necessary to maintain them .	0
tell every soldier to break off a branch and hold it in front of him .	0
iago, who began't?	0
the one ,  to save the money that he spends in tiring; the other ,  that at dinner they should not drop in his porridge .	0
before you can say  “ come ”  and  “ go ,  ”  and breathe twice ,  and shout  “ so ,  so !  ”  each one of your servants will rush here ,	0
let me see now ,  to get his place ,  and to congratulate myself in double trickery ,  how ,  how ?	0
all but metellus cimber ,  and he's gone to seek you at your house .	0
my lord ,  i think i saw him yesternight .	0
my sovereign lord ,  i do beseech your highness to take our brother clarence to your grace .	0
i am a very villain else.	0
i cannot “ok,” man and it is not very well.	0
give me thy hand ,  messala .	0
brutus ,  do not provoke me .	0
listening to their frightened voices ,  i couldn’t reply  “ amen ”  when they said  “ god bless us !  ”  don’t think about it so much .	0
this is the fruit of whoring.	0
one word more .	0
o thou weed ,  who art so lovely fair and smell’st so sweet that the sense aches at thee ,  would thou hadst ne'er been born !	0
when the wind is southerly i know a hawk from a handsaw.	0
o, villain that i am!	0
i think you came to see my mother’s wedding instead .	0
sir, there was a kind of fighting in my heart that wouldn’t let me sleep.	0
as for hamlet and the foolishness of his attentions, think that it is only a phase and a toy in blood.	0
as far as i know ,  he’s okay and will arrive here soon .	0
set down your honorable load ,  men ,  if there is ever any honor in being dead .	0
doesn’t it look like the king ?	0
bid gloucester think of this ,  and he will weep .	0
no ,  come ,  let's go together .	0
come, seeling night, scarf up the tender eye of pitiful day, and with thy bloody and invisible hand cancel and tear to pieces that great bond which keeps me pale!	0
i must act my dreadful scene alone.	0
reply not .	0
call to me all my sad captains .	0
an i might live to see thee married once, i have my wish.	0
i ,  for my part ,  knew the tailor that made the wings she flew withal .	0
fine ,  but not enough .	0
fare you well .	0
well ,  let’s have it ,  grumio .	0
nothing .	0
i would not for the world they saw thee here.	0
observe how antony becomes his flaw ,  and what thou think’st his very action speaks in every power that moves .	0
give me your arm .	0
caesar ,  you thought this would happen .	0
quiet !	0
royal egypt ,  empress !	0
oh ,  corin ,  i wish you could understand how much i love her !	0
my child ,  my only life !	0
yes ,  yes ,  my lord .	0
thou art like one of these fellows that, when he enters the confines of a tavern, claps me his sword upon the table and says ‘god send me no need of thee!’ and by the operation of the second cup draws him on the drawer, when indeed there is no need.	0
if his cause be wrong ,  our obedience to the king wipes the crime of it out of us .	0
tell her about my son paris’s love for her .	0
take up those cords .	0
were you the clerk that is to make me cuckold ?	0
oh cassio ,  cassio ,  cassio !	0
the other motive why to a public count i might not go is the great love the general gender bear him, who, dipping all his faults in their affection, would, like the spring that turneth wood to stone, convert his gyves to graces; so that my arrows, too slightly timber'd for so loud a wind, would have reverted to my bow again, and not where i had aim'd them.	0
you drunken slave ,  i sent you for a rope ,  and i told you what to do with it .	0
o ,  forgive me for bringing you this sad news ,  since you did leave it all up to me ,  sir .	0
a sail, a sail, a sail!	0
soft !	0
now i change my mind ,  and partly credit things that do presage .	0
on such a full sea are we now afloat, and we must take the current when it serves, or lose our ventures.	0
the exhalations whizzing in the air give so much light that i may read by them .	0
what, not to pray?	0
shall i hear more ,  or shall i speak at this ?	0
you have absolutely abused our sex in this love talk of yours .	0
quite jaw-fallen?	0
and so near will i be ,  that your best friends shall wish i had been further away .	0
forgive me ,  your grace .	0
his letter there will show you his estate .	0
i’ll go alone .	0
yes, by mary, go, i tell you, and have him come here.	0
how is my wife ?	0
but i'll tighten the strings that make this music, until it’s as honest as i am.	0
the man who was the baron still lives ,  only lives that life which he deserves to lose under the death penalty .	0
nothing but sit and sit ,  and eat and eat !	0
never make known what you have seen tonight .	0
lord ,  what fools these mortals be !	0
my lord, that would dishonor him.	0
here comes the furious tybalt back again.	0
good morrow ,  caesar .	0
now lord be thanked for my good amends !	0
o ,  now let richmond and elizabeth ,  the true succeeders of each royal house ,  by god’s fair ordinance conjoin together ,  and let their heirs ,  god ,  if thy will be so .	0
our knocking woke him up .	0
methinks i should know you ,  and know this man .	0
that will i make before i let thee go .	0
you should mock me    i wish i were invisible ,  so i could grab that strong fellow by the leg .	0
fine apparition !	0
take out your sword and come on .	0
antonio and old shylock ,  both come forward .	0
i’ll tell you ,  good brutus .	0
in orsino’s heart .	0
how now ,  interjections ?	0
yes, honestly; because, look, the sins of the father are to be laid on the children; so, i promise you, i’m afraid you.	0
or leave either: but you'll lie like dogs, and still say nothing neither.	0
o villainy!	0
she drinks wine just like everyone else.	0
banquo ,  if your soul is going to make it to heaven ,  tonight’s the night .	0
have you a soul or sense?	0
ha, ha, ha!	0
sweet montague, be true.	0
so, so, so, so.	0
call in my maid .	0
nay ,  answer me .	0
when i was with him ,  i have heard him swear to tubal ,  and to chus ,  his countrymen ,  that he would rather have antonio's flesh ,  than twenty times the value of the sum that he did owe him; and i know ,  my lord ,  if law ,  authority ,  and power deny not ,  it will go hard with poor antonio .	0
my master’s calling me .	0
not until we part as friends .	0
crystal is muddy .	0
you all know this cloak .	0
it’s new to you .	0
buy food and put on some weight .	0
what's the disease he means ?	0
if she rants ,  i’ll tell her that she sings as sweetly as a nightingale .	0
where’s monsieur mustardseed ?	0
this is that very mab that plats the manes of horses in the night and bakes the elflocks in foul sluttish hairs ,  which once untangled much misfortune bodes this is the hag ,  when maids lie on their backs ,  that presses them and learns them first to bear ,  making them women of good carriage .	0
catesby ,  fly to the duke .	0
now i could drink hot blood, and do such wicked deed that the day would shake nervously to see.	0
romeo, i’m coming!	0
the son and heir of old tiberio.	0
you evil thief ,  where have you hidden my daughter ?	0
nay, he's a flower, in faith—a very flower.	0
and just for today ,  oh ,  lord ,  just today don’t think of the crime my father committed in seizing the crown !	0
very much so .	0
i can see in your eyes that you’re starving .	0
tis much he dares, and, to that dauntless temper of his mind, he hath a wisdom that doth guide his valor to act in safety.	0
i am .	0
is he not light of brain?	0
were you a woman ,  as the rest goes even ,  i should my tears let fall upon your cheek and say  “ thrice - welcome ,  drownèd viola !  ”  my father had a mole upon his brow .	0
no, truly, sir; not a penny.	0
it is the lark that sings so out of tune, straining to sing horrible songs and unpleasing notes.	0
o ,  come in ,  equivocator .	0
i have rubbed this young pimple almost to the purpose, and he grows angry.	0
no .	0
oh ,  you villain ,  villain ,  you damned ,  smiling villain !	0
spakest thou of juliet ?	0
where is metellus cimber?	0
it shall be said that his judgment ruled our hands; our youths and wildness won’t appear at all ,  but all be buried in his seriousness .	0
my love is thine to teach .	0
it only looks a little paler .	0
stay!	0
prison ,  my lord ?	0
but that they call  “ compliment ”  is like th' encounter of two dog -  apes .	0
shame on you !  ,  shame on you !  !	0
clerk ,  draw a deed of gift .	0
let me question more in particular .	0
when did i see thee so put down ?	0
now, whether it be bestial oblivion, or some craven scruple of thinking too precisely on the event— a thought which, quarter'd, hath but one part wisdom and ever three parts coward—i do not know why yet i live to say 'this thing's to do,' sith i have cause, and will, and strength, and means to do't.	0
exit romeo .	0
come ,  temperate nymphs ,  and help to celebrate a contract of true love .	0
will you come to bed, my lord?	0
too familiar is my dear son with such sour company .	0
i cannot speak about this.	0
tis a monster begot upon itself ,  born on itself .	0
i do defy thy conjuration and apprehend thee for a felon here .	0
why ,  i am glad !	0
your majesty shall mock at me .	0
help !	0
i don’t know from what part of the world i should be contacted ,  if not by lord hamlet .	0
let go of me !	0
no, nor more fearful.	0
brother ,  i'll go and bring it thee .	0
o god!	0
the news i have to tell your majesty is that buckingham’s army has dispersed from sudden floods and heavy rainfall .	0
save yourself ,  my lord .	0
and as our vineyards ,  fallows ,  meads ,  and hedges ,  defective in their natures ,  grow to wildness ,  even so our houses and ourselves and children have lost ,  or do not learn for want of time ,  the sciences that should become our country ,  but grow like savages ,  as soldiers will	0
but now it’s stopped .	0
then the liars and swearers are fools; for there are liars and swearers enough to beat the honest men and hang up them.	0
get him to bed ,  and let his hurt be looked to .	0
that he was never trainèd up in arms .	0
i am unfortunate in the infirmity, and dare not task my weakness with any more.	0
they stay upon your patience .	0
long live she so!	0
that did i ,  my lord ,  and i was accounted a good actor .	0
my name is thidias .	0
ay ,  boy ,  ready .	0
and thus she moans, videlicet:— asleep, my love?	0
who is it that complains unto the king that i ,  forsooth ,  am stern and love them not ?	0
how hurting a lash that speech gives my conscience !	0
it is better as it is .	0
oh ,  is that kent ?	0
how now ,  who calls ?	0
i ran into her recently at the edge of the forest ,  looking for sweet presents for this hateful idiot ,  and i scolded her and argued with her .	0
don’t tell me that you’ve heard about this marriage ,  friar ,  unless you can tell me how to prevent it .	0
i'll send a friar with speed to mantua, with my letters to thy lord.	0
and even for that do i love you the more.	0
come on, lazy loafer; come on, you child; i'll whip you with a rod.	0
tell me !	0
how can it be otherwise ?	0
therefore ,  you clown ,  abandon—which is ,  in the vulgar ,   “ leave ” —the society—which in the boorish is  “ company ” —of this female—which in the common is  “ woman ” ; which together is ,  abandon the society of this female ,  or ,  clown ,  thou perishest; or ,  to thy better understanding ,  diest; or ,  to wit ,  i kill thee ,  make thee away ,  translate thy life into death ,  thy liberty into bondage .	0
what promise, chuck?	0
have some of my servants take care of malvolio .	0
well there ,  now you’ve said it .	0
had i but the means to hold a rival place with one of them ,  i have a mind presages me such thrift ,  that i should questionless be fortunate .	0
i know you’re my oldest brother ,  and deserve more respect .	0
say that you love me not ,  but say not so in bitterness .	0
if thou kill’st me ,  boy ,  thou shalt kill a man .	0
art thou contented, jew?	0
he insists he’ll speak with you whether you want him to or not .	0
thus hath the candle sing'd the moth .	0
peace!	0
fool ,  speak well of yourself .	0
thanks to your majesty .	0
go look and then do the talking yourselves .	0
be’st thou sad or merry ,  the violence of either thee becomes ,  so does it no man else . —mett’st thou my posts ?	0
why ,  very well then .	0
find out where the jew’s house is .	0
monster, i smell all horse-piss, at which my nose is highly offended.	0
either here or at the capitol .	0
goodbye ,  ophelia ,  and remember well what i have said to you .	0
put	0
your answer to that.	0
thanks ,  you the valiant of this warlike isle ,  that so approve the moor !	0
wake up, i say!	0
i am very sorry that you are not well .	0
hold, tybalt!	0
pardon me ,  dear rosalind .	0
all that i will tell you is ,  that the duke has dined .	0
there wasn’t a soul that only felt a fever of the madness and played some tricks out of desperation .	0
iago is very honest.	0
happy be theseus ,  our renowned duke !	0
affliction is enamour’d of thy parts ,  and thou art wedded to calamity .	0
i have a lot to do before noon .	0
tis well you offer it behind her back; the wish would make else an unquiet house .	0
farewell ,  my lords .	0
brutus speaks .	0
oh ,  fine .	0
have you any further trade with us ?	0
turn ,  hell hound ,  turn !	0
you will do it, sir, really.	0
will you say grace ,  sweet kate ,  or shall i ? —what is this ?	0
what says romeo ?	0
i have, my lord.	0
if he love her not, and he not from his reason fall'n thereon let me be no assistant for a state, but keep a farm and carters.	0
come on !  .	0
why are you calling him a jerk ?	0
thou art to die .	0
romeo ,  leave ,  be gone !	0
the only thing i could do with her is to use all that oil as fuel in a lamp and then use that light to run away by .	0
it would become me as well as it does you; and i should do it with much more ease ,  for my good will is to it ,  and yours it is against .	0
death ,  you lie there ,  buried by a dead man .	0
my name's macbeth.	0
pray you ,  look not sad ,  nor make replies of loathness .	0
musicians ,  come in !	0
the guilty speak volumes even when they’re silent .	0
my lord, i think i saw him last night.	0
it is a theme as fluent as the sea .	0
this is old ninny’s tomb .	0
now near enough .	0
why do you make such faces?	0
who’s shouting  “ murder ”  ?	0
it is written ,  that the shoemaker should meddle with his yard and the tailor with his last ,  the fisher with his pencil and the painter with his nets .	0
yes ,  truly ,  so humbled that he has left part of his grief with me to suffer with him .	0
good signiors both, when shall we laugh?	0
are you planning on showing me all your wit at once ?	0
grandmother ,  this would have been a biting joke .	0
listen tranio !	0
fled to his house amazed .	0
i have brought you from venice.	0
what would you have with me?	0
what ,  shall we forth ?	0
take away your hand!	0
lysander and myself will fly this place .	0
your mistress sent to have me home to dinner ?	0
no, if your wits run the wild-goose chase, i’m done, because you have more of the wild-goose in one of your wits than, i am sure, i have in my whole five.	0
till then ,  enough .	0
what ,  worse and worse ? — with leave ,  bassanio ,  i am half yourself ,  and i must freely have the half of anything that this same paper brings you .	0
within these three miles ,  you can see it coming ,  i say ,  a moving grove .	0
the sight is sad ,  and our affairs come too late from england .	0
hortensio ,  have you told him all her faults ?	0
i had rather have a fool to make me merry than experience to make me sad— and to travel for it ,  too .	0
what tidings can you tell me of my lord?	0
the thane of fife had a wife .	0
another general shout !	0
let everyone beware: i can shake off the tyranny that now oppresses me whenever i choose .	0
hello, ho, ho, boy!	0
how cam'st thou to be the siege of this moon-calf?	0
yare ,  yare !	0
no ,  for me now .	0
this is most brave ,  that i ,  the son of a dear father murdered ,  prompted to my revenge by heaven and hell ,  must ,  like a whore ,  release the content of my heart with words ,  and fall down cursing like a very drab ,  menial servant in the kitchen !	0
o, farewell!	0
sea-spirits ring his death bell every hour: [chorus (off-stage): ding-dong.	0
well ,  i must leave her company .	0
noble banquo, who has deserved no less, and must not be known to have done less than macbeth, let me infold you in my arms and stop you to my heart.	0
and when i shall die ,  take him and cut him out in little stars ,  and he will make the face of heaven so fine that all the world will be in love with night and pay no worship to the garish sun .	0
pish !	0
it will be short; the interim is mine ,  and a man's life's is no more than to say 'one .	0
for ,  as it is a heartbreaking to see a handsome man loose - wived ,  so it is a deadly sorrow to behold a foul knave uncuckolded .	0
it would become me as well as it does you; and i should do it with much more ease, for my good will is to it, and yours it is against.	0
i’ll stay ,  my lord .	0
plucks off my beard and blows it in my face?	0
by the hour of nine .	0
damn, damn!	0
o noble english ,  that could entertain with half their forces the full pride of france and let another half stand laughing by ,  all out of work and cold for action !	0
do that good mischief which may make this island thine own for ever ,  and i ,  thy caliban ,  for aye thy foot - licker .	0
but yet i feel i fear .	0
worthy macbeth, we are waiting for you.	0
is he alone?	0
if my heart’s dear love— well ,  do not swear .	0
wilt thou be gone ?	0
is caesar yet gone to the capitol ?	0
the air nimbly and sweetly recommends itself unto our gentle senses .	0
the drink ,  the drink !	0
i cannot think you are my son.	0
such as she says my lord said i was.	0
so with no money ,  but a little more wisdom ,  i’m going back to venice .	0
wait ,  tybalt ,  wait !	0
he lies tonight within seven leagues of rome.	0
what soldiers, patch?	0
should be ?	0
upon the stroke of four .	0
sirrah ,  give place .	0
i am the greatest, able to do least, yet most suspected, as the time and place cast suspicion on me as guilty of this sad murder; and here i stand, both to accuse and free myself, condemned and myself excused.	0
take me .	0
if we happen to offend you ,  it’s because we want to .	0
tell me where is fancy bred ,  or in the heart ,  or in the head ?	0
if this which he swears does appear ,  there is no flying from here or wasting time here .	0
when the time comes ,  tell the herald to blow the trumpet and i’ll return .	0
cheer up !	0
o comfortable friar !	0
here is for thy pains .	0
why doth the jew pause ?	0
i’ll give him equal thanks ,  so we’re even .	0
what seest thou else in the dark backward and abyss of time?	0
let’s move .	0
be not disturbed with my infirmity .	0
come to the capitol .	0
shall i re - deliver your answer like that ?	0
i shall .	0
for thou hast been as one, in suff'ring all, that suffers nothing; a man that fortune's buffets and rewards hast ta'en with equal thanks; and blest are those whose blood and judgment are so well commeddled that they are not a pipe for fortune's finger to sound what stop she please.	0
will you ha' the truth on't ?	0
murder and treason !	0
lord ,  it’s glancing every which way !	0
the english power is near ,  led on by malcolm ,  his uncle siward and the good macduff .	0
you must be the one who laughs when boys or women tell you their dreams .	0
i will carry no crotchets .	0
ay ,  my lord .	0
what ,  to kiss in private ?	0
caesar !	0
since my young lady’s going into france ,  sir ,  the fool hath much pined away .	0
for lord hamlet, believe so much in him, that he is young, and with a larger tether may he walk than may be given you.	0
who is't that cried ?	0
come ,  bustle ,  bustle .	0
turn thy complexion there ,  patience ,  thou young and rose - lipped cherubin , — ay ,  there ,  look grim as hell !	0
pray you ,  come in .	0
with all my heart my staff already know my mind ,  and will report to you and jessica in place of lord bassanio and myself .	0
good morrow ,  casca . —caius ligarius ,  caesar was ne'er so much your enemy as that same ague which hath made you lean .	0
why then ,  your uncle and the prince and claudio have been deceived .	0
how did you come to be the attack of this dreamer?	0
out ,  tawny tartar ,  out !	0
cursed be i that did so !	0
less than an ace, man; for he is dead; he is nothing.	0
that pale face of yours will frighten the others as well .	0
but it is no english treason to cut french crowns ,  and tomorrow the king himself will be a clipper .	0
if he ask for me ,  i am ill and gone to bed .	0
if i grow here in your favor, the harvest is yours.	0
i an itching palm ?	0
it is he.	0
if he’s reluctant ,  i can convince him .	0
this tunis ,  sir ,  was carthage .	0
is this true ?	0
i have words to speak in thine ear will make thee dumb; yet are they much too light for the bore of the matter .	0
hush!	0
i think i can do that .	0
or i’ll deliver your insults to his face .	0
if you have any pity ,  grace ,  or manners ,  you would not make me such an argument .	0
i hope with all my heart she will !	0
have a good night !	0
but soft !	0
thus hath the candle singed the moth .	0
but such officers do the king best service in the end.	0
what is ’t ?	0
you come with letters against the king and take vanity the puppet’s part against the royalty of her father .	0
regards to theseus ,  our renowned duke !	0
up ,  up ,  and see the great doom's image !	0
so call the field to rest ,  and let’s away to part the glories of this happy day .	0
this was a venture, sir, that jacob serv'd for; a thing not in his power to bring to pass, but sway'd and fashion'd by the hand of heaven.	0
what are you talking about ?	0
that face of his i do remember well .	0
then all alone at the prearranged hour of her waking up, i came to take her from her relative's tomb, intending to keep her close at my cell until i could easily send for romeo.	0
therefore the dukes of berri and of brittany ,  of brabant and of orléans ,  shall make forth ,  and you ,  prince dauphin ,  with all swift dispatch ,  to line and new - repair our towns of war with men of courage and with means defendant .	0
if e'er i loved her, all that love is gone.	0
thou art my love ,  i think .	0
then i will lay the serving-creature's dagger on your head.	0
let it not ,  brutus .	0
sir and madam ,  to make grand speeches about what majesty is ,  what service is ,  or why day is day ,  night is night ,  and time is time is just a waste of a lot of day ,  night ,  and time .	0
stephano !	0
what day is this ?	0
lovers and madmen have such seething brains, such shaping fantasies, that apprehend more than cool reason ever comprehends.	0
now ,  it’s the very witching time of night ,  when churchyards awake ,  and hell itself breathes out disease to this world .	0
call the numbskull back in here .	0
although i hate her, i'll not harm her like that.	0
do not lie so near .	0
you are naught, you are naught!	0
and why are you butting in ,  my lady wisdom ?	0
we’re following you not only because it is our duty ,  but also because we want to .	0
i am out of patience.	0
but i’ll go in .	0
o scotland ,  scotland !	0
how now !	0
what a man are you !	0
i’ve practiced stoicism with as much devotion as you ,  but i still couldn’t bear this news like you do .	0
and this our life ,  exempt from public haunt ,  finds tongues in trees ,  books in the running brooks ,  sermons in stones ,  and good in everything .	0
tis fittest .	0
what ,  my lord ?	0
but please, therefore, old man, therefore, i beg you, are you talking about young master launcelot?	0
i thank you ,  sir .	0
hold ,  sir ,  or i’ll throw your dagger o'er the house .	0
look ,  here comes helena .	0
god forbid that i should prevent sacred devotion !	0
stop!	0
o monstrous act!	0
such men as he is are never at ease in their hearts when they see a man greater than themselves; and for that reason they are very dangerous .	0
you lie out on't, sir, and therefore 'tis not yours.	0
are you really going to tell me that ?	0
up ,  my lords .	0
set on thy wife to observe .	0
i grant you ,  friends ,  if you should fright the ladies out of their wits ,  they would have no more discretion but to hang us .	0
very gracious duke ,  listen with a gracious ear to my request ,  and let me find a contract in your voice to assist my simpleness .	0
be better at thy leisure .	0
and when goes hence?	0
thus do all traitors .	0
my clerk has some good comforts for you, too.	0
no ,  this my hand will rather the multitudinous seas incarnadine ,  making the green one red .	0
why ,  look you there !	0
i shall obey ,  my lord .	0
i come to ask you out of charity to let us wander over this bloody field to record the numbers of our dead and bury them ,  separating our nobles from the common men ,  for many of our princes—alas ! —lie drowned and soaked in the blood of mercenary soldiers .	0
what love could press lysander from my side ?	0
tis banquo's then.	0
is it the fashion that discarded fathers should have thus little mercy on their flesh ?	0
tybalt ,  mercutio ,  the prince expressly hath forbid this bandying in verona streets .	0
go thy ways to a nunnery.	0
with all my heart ,  so thou canst get a wife .	0
it is a kind of history .	0
think that you are a baby, that you have taken these offers for true love, which are not true offers.	0
seal then ,  and all is done . — eros ! —i come ,  my queen . —eros ! —stay for me .	0
what ,  brutus ?	0
for love of god ,  forbear him .	0
i will incontinently drown myself.	0
you speak like a green girl, unsifted in such perilous circumstance.	0
your name, sir, truly.	0
do you know me ?	0
so doth the greater glory dim the less: a substitute shines brightly as a king ,  unto the king be by; and then his state ,  empties itself ,  as doth an inland brook into the main of waters .	0
marry ,  heaven forbid !	0
are you content to stay ?	0
thou art sure of me .	0
run to your houses ,  fall upon your knees ,  pray to the gods to intermit the plague that needs must light on this ingratitude .	0
you told me you hated him .	0
give me your hand ,  and let me all your fortunes understand .	0
i am jester to oberon and make him smile ,  as when i trick a fat horse that’s been eating beans into neighing like a newborn female; and sometimes ,  i hide near to the town gossip's beer mug ,  looking like a roasted crab; and ,  when the gossip drinks ,  i bob up ,  against her lips ,  and pour the ale on the withered skin of her neck skin all the way down .	0
peter ,  take my fan ,  and go before me .	0
sailors, my lord, they say; i saw them not.	0
write from us to him ,  postposthaste dispatch .	0
is she not apt ?	0
how now ,  sirrah !	0
you sulfurous and thought - executing fires ,  vaunt - couriers of oak - cleaving thunderbolts ,  singe my white head !	0
our solemn hymns to sullen dirges change ,  our bridal flowers serve for a buried corse ,  and all things change them to the contrary .	0
come on ,  relax ,  dear .	0
but say ,  my lord ,  it were not registered ,  methinks the truth should live from age to age ,  as ’twere retailed to all posterity ,  even to the general all - ending day .	0
give me one good reason to think she’s cheating on me .	0
yes ,  that the king is dead .	0
sir ,  a word ere you go .	0
you armor my heart .	0
madman and beggar too .	0
are your doors locked ?	0
thy thoughts i cleave to .	0
i’ll never believe any of these old legends or fairy tales .	0
well, my good lady.	0
but i’ll stop rebuking you .	0
decius ,  go tell them caesar will not come .	0
the enemy is making its appearance on the battlefield .	0
let this evil hour be marked forever in the calendar as cursed .	0
but if i give my wife a handkerchief— what then ?	0
what a heavy sigh !	0
as a favor to  i’m delighted .	0
some other time .	0
where should othello go?	0
we told him about them, and it seemed to make him happy to hear of it.	0
take our good meaning ,  for our judgment sits five times more in that sense ,  than once in our five wits .	0
don’t worry about how i handle it .	0
yes ,  captain ,  but with this acknowledgement—that god fought for us .	0
no master, sir, but a poor man's son: his father, though i say it, is an honest exceeding poor man, and, god be thanked, well to live.	0
our captains ,  macbeth and banquo ,  were not upset by this ?	0
it’s time to reassess the situation .	0
if a jew wrong a christian, what is his humility?	0
but you would be more honorable if you changed your mind .	0
let me, on my knee, win this argument.	0
i will not .	0
order them to escape .	0
borachio .	0
help ,  angels !	0
i don’t know what you’re talking about .	0
such welcome and unwelcome things at once 'tis hard to reconcile .	0
on thursday ,  sir ?	0
come ,  bring us ,  bring us where he is .	0
i will kiss thy lips .	0
there, gentle hermia, may i marry thee; and to that place the sharp athenian law cannot pursue us.	0
you wrong me every way ,  you wrong me ,  brutus .	0
everybody may do as they please until seven o'clock tonight .	0
the best ?	0
why have you gotten so rude ?	0
from our brother england ?	0
moor, she was chaste; she loved you, cruel moor; so my soul goes to heaven, because i tell the truth; so speaking as i think, i die, i die.	0
my god ,  they’ve given me a lot to drink .	0
but goes thy heart with this ?	0
cast on no water .	0
was it long or round ?	0
i beg for justice, which thou, prince, must give.	0
but are not some whole that we must make sick ?	0
what do these noisy storms care about the name of king?	0
o villain !	0
the next person to strike again dies .	0
it harrows me with fear and wonder.	0
my lord, fair helen told me of their stealth, of this their purpose hither to this wood; and i in fury hither followed them, fair helena in fancy following me.	0
come ,  let’s join our hands until the overpowering wine makes us soft and forgetful .	0
how fares my lord?	0
she that makes dainty ,  she ,  i'll swear ,  hath corns .	0
the duke of york sends your majesty his respects .	0
i wasn’t born to die on your sword .	0
in form and moving how express and admirable !	0
this caesar was a tyrant.	0
where the devil should he learn our language?	0
a spiteful, self-willed, badly behaved child, she is.	0
what players are they ?	0
help me ,  ladies !	0
i know he would not be a wolf but that he sees the romans are but sheep .	0
no doubt ,  no doubt .	0
in my bedroom window there is a book .	0
as he shall smile ,  othello shall go mad; and his unbookish jealousy must construe poor cassio's smiles ,  gestures ,  and light behavior ,  quite in the wrong .	0
step aside and hide yourself a little while ,  he will recover right away .	0
a right fair mark ,  fair coz ,  is soonest hit .	0
i shall be pinched to death.	0
look, whether he has not turned his colour, and has tears in's eyes.	0
drown thyself ?	0
go on .	0
sirs ,  i ask you to sleep in my tent .	0
yes, you did.	0
for me, with sorrow i embrace my fortune.	0
too high to be enthrall'd to low.	0
i’ll find romeo to comfort you .	0
no ,  iago ,  i'll see before i doubt; when i doubt ,  i’ll need proof; and on the proof ,  there is no more but this ,  to hell with love or jealousy at once !	0
do your best .	0
as you shall prove us ,  praise us .	0
i heard the owl scream and the crickets cry .	0
you’re a poor man if you’re this impatient !	0
you had a clarence ,  too ,  and richard killed him .	0
what concerns ourselves shall be the last thing considered.	0
room, oh!	0
i dare not say he lies anywhere .	0
since i came hither ,  which i can call but now ,  i have heard strange news .	0
these lily lips ,  this cherry nose ,  these yellow cowslip cheeks are gone ,  are gone .	0
where is lucentio ?	0
i cannot say  “ whore ,  ”  it does abhor me now i speak the word .	0
even if i had sworn never to marry ,  i wouldn’t trust myself to keep that promise if hero would marry me .	0
demetrius and egeus ,  go along; i must employ you in some business against our nuptial ,  and confer with you of something nearly that concerns yourselves .	0
for this slave, if there be any cunning cruelty that can torment him much and hold him long, it shall be his.	0
what hath he said ?	0
yes ,  i intend so .	0
what does a crocodile look like ?	0
come ,  seeling night ,  scarf up the tender eye of pitiful day ,  and with thy bloody and invisible hand cancel and tear to pieces that great bond which keeps me pale !	0
they do but jest ,  poison in jest; no offence i' the world .	0
i beseech thee ,  youth ,  put not another sin upon my head by urging me to fury .	0
will you do this ?	0
what follows then ,  my lord ?	0
i’ll be damned if the duke wouldn’t have given him six pence a day for playing pyramus .	0
marry ,  sir .	0
drink thou .	0
how are you ?	0
i think we do know the sweet roman hand .	0
well said !	0
the ropes that romeo asked you to fetch ?	0
he’s been over there practicing how to act for the past half hour .	0
it seldom visits sorrow .	0
my good lord!	0
what beard would be best to play it in ?	0
it is safer to be what we destroy, rather than, by destruction, live in uncertain joy.	0
i want to die, if what you’re going to say is not a solution to this problem.	0
his eyes were green as leeks .	0
my liege .	0
i mean ,  the matter that you are reading ,  my lord .	0
she speaks poniards ,  and every word stabs .	0
stay!	0
this clearing will be the stage ,  and this hawthorn bush will be our dressing room .	0
skipper ,  stand back .	0
eighty dollars!	0
no ,  romeo will respond to the letter’s writer ,  telling him whether he accepts the challenge .	0
this is othello's ensign, as i take it.	0
we’ll have a couch made up that’s softer and more fragrant even than the bed of lustful	0
look ,  here comes the duke .	0
come on; in this there can be no dismay ,  my ships come home a month before the day .	0
what devil are you that torments me like this?	0
they really wish they were somewhere else ,  but they want to descend on us ,  looking fierce so we’ll think they’re brave .	0
take me off to jail ?	0
oh ,  he was gentle ,  mild ,  and virtuous .	0
let me at her !  .	0
what do you mean ?	0
no ,  if you stare ,  we shall hear more soon .	0
good madonna ,  why mournest thou ?	0
your brother’s right - hand man .	0
would the night were come !	0
did not great julius bleed for justice' sake ?	0
i think they want him to go home and appoint cassio governor in his place .	0
what ,  are you trying to make me crazy ?	0
awake ,  awake !	0
do so: to ebb hereditary sloth instructs me.	0
good night .	0
and we mean well in going to this mask ,  but ’tis no wit to go .	0
i will not hurt him .	0
excuse me ,  weren’t you with countess olivia just now ?	0
and i beseech you, wrest once the law to your authority: to do a great right, do a little wrong; and curb this cruel devil of his will.	0
farewell!	0
the change will be recorded as a precedent ,  and many bad legal decisions will result .	0
whose do you think it was ?	0
why are you whipping that whore ?	0
will you go to them ?	0
how all the other passions fly to the air ,  as doubtful thoughts ,  and rash - embraced despair ,  and shuddering fear ,  and green - eyed jealousy !	0
i cannot go no further .	0
why ,  our battalia trebles that account .	0
take up the bodies .	0
upon his brow ,  shame is ashamed to sit; for it’s a throne where honor may be crowned the only king of the universal earth .	0
but art thou not drowned ,  stephano ?	0
a dire induction am i witness to ,  and will to france ,  hoping the consequence will prove as bitter ,  black ,  and tragical .	0
here ,  master .	0
nay ,  and i will .	0
be kind to her .	0
then keep your vow ,  fellow ,  when you meet the man .	0
and, most dear actors, eat no onions nor garlic, for we are to utter sweet breath; and i do not doubt but to hear them say it is a sweet comedy.	0
do you see ,  gentlemen ?	0
that’s exactly what they said .	0
if you are trinculo, come out.	0
come, my spade.	0
you ,  nick bottom ,  are set down for pyramus .	0
o calm, dishonourable, vile submission!	0
no, sure, i cannot think it, that he would steal away so guiltylike, seeing you coming.	0
then both my grief and your sorrow will be cured .	0
did michael cassio ,  when you wooed my lady ,  know of your love ?	0
less than a month after my father’s death ,  even before the tears on her cheeks had dried ,  she remarried .	0
may heaven save us from indecent thoughts !	0
what wife?	0
oh ,  what a goodly outside falsehood hath !	0
soul of rome!	0
without his roe ,  like a dried herring .	0
most high, most mighty, and most powerful caesar, metellus cimber falls before you most humbly.	0
since he hath got the jewel that i loved ,  and that which you did swear to keep for me ,  i will become as liberal as you .	0
to prayers ,  to prayers ,  all lost !	0
i beg you ,  daughter ,  don’t make me crazy .	0
i ’gin to be aweary of the sun and wish the estate o’ the world were now undone .	0
follow ”  ?	0
come ,  bring me to them .	0
the human mortals want their winter here; blessed hymns and carols are sung every night— the moon that controls the flow of the floods ,  pale in her anger ,  washes all the air ,  but there are still many bad diseases .	0
he is not the flower of courtesy, but i'll guarantee that he is as gentle as a lamb.	0
stands scotland where it did ?	0
very well ,  ma'am .	0
it’s out of fashion to give lengthy explanations like that .	0
you’ll get there two days before me .	0
hazard for lead ?	0
o, it offends me to the soul to hear a hefty fellow with a wig tear an emotion to tatters, to very rags, to split the ears of the cheap seats, who, for the most part, are capable of nothing but confusing pantomime and noise.	0
o serpent heart, hid with a flow'ring face!	0
what is amiss ?	0
come on ,  put it away .	0
was there ever a book containing such vile matter so beautifully bound?	0
would he have stolen away from sleeping hermia ?	0
i grant indeed it hasn’t seemed so, and your suspicion is not without wit and judgment.	0
i won’t either ,  sir .	0
i’ll fetch him .	0
kind gentlemen, let's go see poor cassio bandaged.	0
stand ,  oh !	0
seem they religious ?	0
i think she moves again .	0
the portrait of a blinking idiot, presenting me a piece of paper!	0
why ,  what canst thou tell ,  my boy ?	0
kill me tomorrow—but let me live tonight .	0
therefore be out of hope ,  of question ,  doubt ,  be certain ,  nothing truer; it’s no joke that i do hate you and love helena .	0
if you could hurt ,  your swords are now too massy for your strengths and will not be uplifted .	0
the wager thou hast won ,  and i will add unto their losses twenty thousand crowns ,  another dowry to another daughter ,  for she is changed as she had never been .	0
rumble thy bellyful !	0
it’s so scary to look down !	0
while we’re walking ,  you can tell me how i ended up sleeping on the ground with these humans last night .	0
o horror, horror, horror!	0
look at him .	0
you and i will be behind a curtain then ,  listening to their encounter .	0
take that.	0
wait ,  tybalt ,  wait !	0
the king of naples ,  my arch - enemy ,  listens to my brother’s request ,  which was that the king ,  in exchange for the respect and money paid to him ,  would get rid of me and make my brother duke of milan instead .	0
o sisters three ,  come ,  come to me ,  with hands as pale as milk; lay them in gore ,  since you have shore with shears his thread of silk .	0
very gladly .	0
titinius' face is upward.	0
now ,  for my life ,  hortensio fears his widow .	0
this is the very passion of love whose violent property kills itself, and leads the will to desperate undertakings as often as any passion under heaven that afflicts our natures.	0
well, what was yours?	0
huntsman ,  look after my hounds .	0
i will receive it, sir, with all diligence of spirit.	0
o ,  tell me ,  friar ,  tell me ,  in what vile part of this anatomy doth my name lodge ?	0
i don’t understand what you mean by this .	0
i have had a dream— it’s beyond the smartest man to say what kind of dream it was.—man is only a donkey if he goes about to telling this dream.	0
gratiano, keep the house, and seize on the fortunes of the moor, because they fall on you.	0
if my horse doesn’t ride better ,  i must become a borrower of the night ,  for a dark hour or two .	0
portia !	0
yes ,  caesar ,  but it’s not gone yet .	0
jesu ,  what haste !	0
i shall be pinched to death.	0
horatio says it’s all in our imagination ,  and doesn’t believe a word we say about this dreaded sight ,  seen twice by us .	0
ah ,  where’s my servant ? —give me some brandy . —these griefs ,  these pains ,  these sorrows make me old .	0
may your love never change until your sweet life ends!	0
yet mark'd i where the bolt of cupid fell .	0
say ,  voltimand ,  what from our brother norway ?	0
how otherwise?— will you be ruled by me?	0
hail to your lordship .	0
and wakes it now, to look so green and pale at what it did so freely?	0
and so the lion vanished .	0
and indeed ,  my lord ,  the wretched animal heaved forth such groans that their discharge did stretch his leathern coat almost to bursting ,  and the big round tears coursed one another down his innocent nose in piteous chase .	0
it’s best that he doesn’t speak harm about brutus here .	0
thou bleed’st apace .	0
if our play had gone forward ,  we would’ve all been made men .	0
my lord ,  i will not .	0
silver!	0
what would that be ?	0
an they will take it ,  so .	0
then let your servants bring my husband forth .	0
but i just can’t love him .	0
let me peruse this face.	0
come ,  sit down ,  every mother's son ,  and rehearse your parts .	0
i’ve seen you fight and envied your skill .	0
this is kind i offer .	0
come ,  shall we hunt some deer for dinner ?	0
goats and monkeys !	0
why, go to bed and sleep.	0
wouldn’t this do it ,  sir ,  together with a forest of feathers if the rest of my fortunes turn against with me ,  with two provincial roses on my shoes i took off ,  to get me a fellowship for writing with a pack of players ,  sir ?	0
though that his joy be joy, yet throw such changes of vexation on't as it may lose some color.	0
this is the sergeant, who, like a good and hardy soldier fought ’gainst my captivity.	0
where shall we meet i' the morning?	0
come on ,  i’ll fight you .	0
for what good turn ?	0
come ,  come ,  you are too clever for your own good .	0
caesar!	0
ah ,  for my husband ,  for my dear lord edward !	0
hath put himself from rest ,  and must needs taste his folly .	0
is that a tradition ?	0
hark, how they knock!	0
aren’t you dead yet ?	0
she says you’re going to marry her .	0
will ’t please your mightiness to wash your hands ?	0
the moon shines bright .	0
all right then ,  back home we go .	0
and indeed it takes from our achievements ,  though performed at height ,  the pith and marrow of our attribute .	0
spakest thou of juliet ?	0
where did she die ?	0
ready to set sail ,  sir ?	0
what's the news from venice ?	0
thou mayst revenge.	0
i was born as free as caesar .	0
you are a saucy boy .	0
do you know him ?	0
but when this ring parts from this finger ,  then parts life from hence; o ,  then be bold to say ,  bassanio's dead .	0
everyone hears that that can distinguish sound .	0
he had a fever when he was in spain, and when the fit was on him, i did mark how he did shake.	0
he only lived long enough to become a man ,  and as soon as he proved that he was a man by fighting like one ,  he died .	0
it is almost morning ,  and i am still sure you are not totally satisfied about these events full .	0
every offence is not a hate at first .	0
wherein hath caesar thus deserved your loves ?	0
then have my lips the sin that they have took .	0
o ,  she was heavenly true !	0
i will return again into the house and desire some conduct of the lady .	0
i'll bring you to him .	0
o, balmy breath, that almost persuades justice to break her sword!	0
well ,  my good fellows ,  wait on me tonight .	0
for, by my fay, i cannot reason.	0
first thing in the morning ,  see that you deliver it to my lord and father .	0
o ,  ’twas the foulest deed to slay that babe ,  and the most merciless that e'er was heard of !	0
come on .	0
my lord ,  i did ,  but it made me no answer .	0
well hello ,  my good boy .	0
yea ,  an ’twere a thousand pound more than ’tis ,  for i hear as good exclamation on your worship as of any man in the city ,  and though i be but a poor man ,  i am glad to hear it .	0
am i the motive for these tears, my lord?	0
freedom !	0
tis a lost fear .	0
draw that thy honest sword ,  which thou hast worn most useful for thy country .	0
why ,  friends ,  you go ahead to do you don’t know what .	0
if thou hast slain lysander in his sleep ,  being o'er shoes in blood ,  plunge in the deep ,  and kill me too .	0
that’s a step in the direction of love .	0
mercy on us!”— “we’re breaking up, we’re breaking up!”—”goodbye, my wife and children!”— “goodbye, brother!”—”we’re breaking up, we’re breaking up, we’re breaking up!”— let's all sink with the king.	0
no, coz, i rather weep.	0
please ,  my lord ,  don’t be friendly with her .	0
but wherefore art not in thy shop today ?	0
we will spare for no wit ,  i warrant you .	0
retire we to our chamber .	0
heaven thumbs its nose at it ,  and the moon winks; the obscene wind that kisses all it meets is quiet within the hollow tunnels of earth ,  and will not hear it .	0
you’ll just have to be patient for a little while .	0
and now ,  who knows but you ,  lorenzo ,  whether i am yours ?	0
now he is for the numbers that petrarch flowed in!	0
true .	0
no ,  no !	0
good afternoon ,  fair lady .	0
swear.	0
please ,  let me bring you where crabs grow; and i will dig you peanuts with my long nails; i’ll show you a bird's nest ,  and teach you how to catch the nimble monkey; i'll bring you to clustering filbert nuts ,  and sometimes i'll get you young falcons from the rock .	0
for antony ,  i have no ears to his request .	0
did you pay attention to his words?	0
the villainy you teach me i’ll use; and it shall be hard but i’ll make the lesson better .	0
a drunkard or a corpse ?	0
welcome, mistress.	0
use every man after his desert ,  and who shall 'scape whipping ?	0
quiet!	0
but mark ,  poor knight ,  what dreadful dole is here !	0
and you haven’t heard any news about her in your letters ?	0
if any, speak, for him have i offended.	0
farewell, my lord.	0
o fortune ,  fortune !	0
know him!	0
ay, that way goes the game.	0
that, sir, which i will not report after her.	0
ay ,  it stands so that i may hardly tarry so long .	0
go on; directly .	0
i’m happy to see you, my lady and my wife!	0
to gonzalo] though this island seem to be [to gonzalo] though this island seem to be desert,— [to sebastian] ha, ha, ha!	0
o ,  but i fear—how lost you company ?	0
if her breath were as terrible as her terminations ,  there were no living near her; she would infect to the north star .	0
these tidings will well comfort cassius .	0
where's the captain ?	0
i pray thee, stay with us, go not to wittenberg.	0
why ,  the man who shortens his life by twenty years cuts off twenty years of worrying about death .	0
for god's love, let me hear what you have to say.	0
which is either a fool or a nothing .	0
yet edmund was beloved .	0
so you’ve dared him to single combat .	0
when were you wont to use my sister thus ?	0
well ,  for your good looks ,  sir ,  thank god and don’t boast about it .	0
this seen ,  orlando did approach the man and found it was his brother ,  his elder brother .	0
come now ,  a roundel and a fairy song; then ,  for the third part of a minute ,  hence: some to kill cankers in the musk - rose buds; some war with rere - mice for their leathern wings ,  to make my small elves coats; and some keep back the clamorous owl that nightly hoots and wonders at our quaint spirits .	0
i’ve got no hope that he survived .	0
please ,  tell me this; if he should break his promise ,  what should i gain by taking his forfeit ?	0
no ,  not at all .	0
you were kneeled to an importuned otherwise by all of us ,  and the fair soul herself weighed between loathness and obedience at which end o'th’ beam should bow .	0
tell me, heavenly bow, if venus or her son, as thou dost know, do now attend the queen.	0
our separate journeys shall keep us both the safer.	0
good sir ,  to the purpose .	0
but if i gave my wife a handkerchief— then what ?	0
let me be put to death .	0
thy loving father, hamlet.	0
came he not home to - night ?	0
the king ?	0
who cannot want the thought how monstrous it was for malcolm and for donalbain to kill their gracious father ?	0
what ,  does your wife say you can come home ?	0
yes ,  you did ,  sir .	0
alas ,  my lord ,  i have been so frightened !	0
strange that sheeps' guts should hale souls out of men’s bodies ?	0
let's see for means.	0
it’s not a false gallop ,  anyway .	0
you do the same .	0
your case ,  dear friend ,  shall be my authority for what i do: as you go to milan ,  i'll come by naples .	0
ah, dear juliet, why are you still so beautiful?	0
is't possible a young maid's wits should be as mortal as an old man's life?	0
come .	0
quite dumb?	0
oh ,  this day has turned into a disaster !	0
i did say so when first i raised the tempest.	0
yet caesar shall go forth ,  for these predictions are to the world in general as to caesar .	0
what, gone?	0
iago has orders on what to do; but ,  nevertheless ,  with my own eyes i will look to it myself .	0
good rest in the meantime !	0
wickedness!	0
the hai!	0
where joy most revels, grief doth most lament; grief joys, joy grieves, on slender accident.	0
you know not why we came to visit you— thus out of season ,  threading dark - eyed night .	0
okay ,  i’m ready .	0
answer me like men .	0
for by the way i’ll sort occasion ,  as index to the story we late talked of ,  to part the queen’s proud kindred from the prince .	0
i will bite you on the ear for that joke!	0
make sure everyone knows that .	0
truly ,  sir ,  so i can wear out their shoes to get myself more work .	0
antonio, as i heard in genoa,— what, what, what?	0
this is the voice of friar john.	0
oh ,  hello ,  father !	0
good night ,  good brother .	0
prithee ,  how many boys and wenches must i have ?	0
then confess what evil is there mingled with your love.	0
what ,  will you have them weep our horses' blood ?	0
malvolio’s coming down this walk .	0
a pickaxe and a spade ,  a spade ,  for and a shrouding sheet ,  oe a pit of clay for to be made for such a guest is ptoper .	0
it’s true ,  hero says so .	0
come ,  gentle night; come ,  loving ,  black - brow'd night; give me my romeo; and ,  when he shall die ,  take him and cut him out in little stars ,  and he will make the face of heaven so fine that all the world will be in love with night and pay no worship to the garish sun .	0
read it ,  mark antony .	0
bear free and patient thoughts .	0
which do not be entreated to ,  but weigh what it is worth embraced .	0
how can it be ?	0
i said so ,  dear katherine ,  and i’m not ashamed to repeat it .	0
and with such shortened rites ?	0
i must tell you everything.	0
we’re wasting time here .	0
what will hap more tonight ,  safe ’scape the king !	0
what handkerchief ?	0
marry, heaven forbid!	0
antonio !	0
with the earl ,  sir ,  here within .	0
step aside .	0
every second you delay is as long and dull as a journey to south seas .	0
let go of me .	0
now, by the stock and honor of my kin, i don’t think it’s a sin to strike him dead.	0
so get down on your knees and beg mercy from the duke .	0
sit down ,  worthy friends .	0
ready to go, but never to return.	0
and he fixed his eyes on you?	0
i bet it will .	0
you have displaced the mirth, broke the good meeting, with most admired disorder.	0
find out the way ,  and i’ll find the right man .	0
for ,  of my heart ,  those charms ,  thine eyes ,  are blotted .	0
every night i’m awakened by his  poor dear ,  goodbye .	0
love!	0
gracious queen ,  even herod of judea wouldn’t dare look at you unless you were in a good mood .	0
there is some grudge between 'em ,  'tis not meet they be alone .	0
he should swear by his two - faced self ,  and that’s an oath i’ll believe !	0
come ,  come ,  away .	0
do tell .	0
sir ,  welcome to our house .	0
your brother is young and inexperienced ,  and because of my affection for you ,  i’d hate to crush him—though i’d have to ,  if he challenged me .	0
nothing, but that this is so.	0
ah ,  good father ,  thou seest the heavens ,  as troubled with man's act ,  threaten his bloody stage .	0
room !	0
i guarantee it will .	0
vows ,  to the blackest devil !	0
this might be the head of a politician, which this ass now reaches over one that would go around god, might it not?	0
and i have built two chantries where the sad and solemn priests sing still for richard’s soul .	0
how ?	0
no ,  come on ,  don’t make me play a woman .	0
good - bye .	0
fear me not .	0
you could’ve done this without your beard and gown .	0
supper is done, and we shall come too late.	0
what ?	0
o, it is the spite of hell, the fiend's high mockery, to kiss a whore on a safe couch, and to suppose her to be chaste!	0
don’t you bring me letters from the friar ?	0
lesser than macbeth, and greater.	0
are you such believers in the gospel that you would pray for this good man and for his children ,  the same man whose heavy hand has led you to death ,  and made your families beggars ?	0
good friends, go in, and taste some wine with me; and we, like friends, will go ahead together straightaway.	0
cleopatra summoned him .	0
i won’t entertain such a bad thought .	0
there shalt thou find my cousin beatrice proposing with the prince and claudio .	0
you make me study of that: she was of carthage ,  not of tunis .	0
i will ,  in other words ,  kill you in three hundred and fifty ways .	0
why ,  that is love's transgression .	0
now ,  your gown ?	0
what’s your name ,  friend ?	0
look how thou dream’st !	0
he did ask for mercy .	0
o romeo ,  romeo !	0
but where was this?	0
where is my love ?	0
then i defy you, stars!	0
but i pray you ,  tell me ,  is my boy ,  god rest his soul ,  alive or dead ?	0
your drops of tribute belong to sorrow, which you, mistaken, have offered up to joy.	0
but ,  for true need— you heavens ,  give me that patience ,  patience i need .	0
i will accept no apology until experts in matters of honor show me how to make peace with you without staining my own reputation in doing so .	0
it is gone!	0
it is ,  my lord .	0
the moor's abused by some most villainous knave, some base notorious knave, some scurvy fellow.	0
here ,  take away this dish .	0
and you all know, security is the major enemy of humans.	0
madam ,  i am most apt to embrace your offer .	0
come, my lord; and in our flight, tell me how it came this night that i sleeping here was found with these mortals on the ground.	0
how dost thou and thy master agree ?	0
antonio’s a good man .	0
speculation only tells about their unsure hopes; only a certain outcome must settle which direction the war will take.	0
a lioness gave birth in the streets ,  and graves cracked open and thrust out their dead .	0
and you all know security is mortals’ chiefest enemy.	0
well ,  he’s alive .	0
to me it is a prison .	0
call the messenger .	0
i see a woman may be made a fool if she had not a spirit to resist .	0
when you see a huge wheel rolling down a hill ,  you shouldn’t try to hold on to it or it’ll break your neck .	0
oh ,  dainty duck !	0
resolve yourselves apart: i'll come to you anon .	0
foul deeds will rise, though all the earth o'erwhelm them, to men's eyes.	0
no, but ophelia i beg you, listen.	0
i think she’ll be a better soldier .	0
here comes the lady; let her verify it .	0
o, is that all?	0
come on ,  trinculo ,  let us sing .	0
if he doesn’t come ,  then the play is incomplete; it doesn’t go on ,  does it ?	0
pardon, my lord.	0
you wrong me ,  signior gremio .	0
see better ,  lear ,  and let me still remain the true blank of thine eye .	0
make room, and let him stand before our face.	0
by the fire that quickens nilus’ slime ,  i go from hence thy soldier ,  servant ,  making peace or war as thou affects .	0
i’ll do my best to make this lady love you .	0
and when you want to go to sleep ,  i’ll be up laughing like a hyena .	0
francis flute ,  the bellows - mender .	0
why, how are you, juliet?	0
no.	0
be quick for a while and let the one who lives the longest take everything .	0
claribel .	0
it was my magic that saved you when i arrived on the island and heard you ,  making the pine tree open and let you out .	0
words ,  words ,  words .	0
there is no tarrying here .	0
publius, good cheer, there is no harm intended to your person, nor to no roman else.	0
hero thinks surely she will die ,  for she says she will die if he love her not ,  and she will die ere she make her love known ,  and she will die if he woo her rather than she will bate one breath of her accustomed crossness .	0
the son of clarence have i pent up close ,  his daughter meanly have i matched in marriage ,  the sons of edward sleep in abraham’s bosom ,  and anne my wife hath bid this world goodnight .	0
mend ”  me ,  thou saucy fellow ?	0
are you joking ?	0
tomorrow we’ll hear ourselves again .	0
i thank you for this lesson; and from this point forward, i'll love no friend, since love breeds such contempt.	0
master ,  you looked so longly on the maid ,  perhaps you marked not what’s the pith of all .	0
zounds, sir, you are one of those who wouldn’t serve god if the devil asked you to.	0
try what repentance can.	0
go about your business, wench; serve god.	0
let me know how this nasty fight began ,  who started it ,  and he that is guilty of this offense ,  even if he is my twin brother ,  both born at the same time ,  he’ll be finished with me .	0
here's to my love!	0
now ,  soldiers ,  march away ,  and how thou pleasest ,  god ,  dispose the day .	0
tis some mischance; the cry is very direful.	0
by th' law of arms thou wast not bound to answer an unknown opposite .	0
have you no modesty, no maiden shame, no touch of bashfulness?	0
and then for her to win the moor ,  if it meant renouncing his own baptism ,  all seals and symbols of forgiveness ,  his soul is so chained to her love that she may make ,  unmake ,  do whatever she wants ,  even as her wishes shall play the god with his weak ability to think .	0
the king has just honored me ,  and i have earned the good opinion of all sorts of people .	0
listen !	0
lay on ,  macduff ,  and damned be him that first cries ,   “ hold ,  enough !  ”  i would the friends we miss were safe arrived .	0
do you understand me ?	0
there is a man haunts the forest that abuses our young plants with carving  “ rosalind ”  on their barks ,  hangs odes upon hawthorns and elegies on brambles ,  all ,  forsooth ,  deifying the name of rosalind .	0
no man handles sorrow better .	0
i prithee ,  hear me speak .	0
as woman's love .	0
thy grace shall have it .	0
i am so much a fool ,  that if i stayed longer ,  it would be my disgrace and your discomfort .	0
widow?	0
but so what ?	0
i ,  not remembering how i cried out then ,  will cry it out all over again: it is a moment that makes my eyes cry .	0
let’s listen to him .	0
i say he shall go to prison .	0
truly to speak, and with no addition, we go to gain a little patch of ground that hath in it no profit but the name.	0
my child ,  my only life !	0
you’ll take the mustard or you’ll get no beef from grumio .	0
i will not sleep ,  my lord ,  till i have delivered your letter .	0
i am to pray you not to strain my speech to grosser issues nor to larger reach than to suspicion .	0
and ,  being a man of your breeding ,  you’re going to be married under some shrubs like a beggar ?	0
i am glad of it.	0
and so ,  on the wings of imagination and at the speed of thought ,  our scene flies swiftly on .	0
marry, our play is, the most lamentable comedy and most cruel death of pyramus and thisbe.	0
words, words, words.	0
they must be bound and laid in some dark room .	0
god’s will and his pleasure ,  captain ,  i beseech you now ,  come apace to the king .	0
come ,  poor remains of friends ,  rest on this rock .	0
i wish you all joy of the worm .	0
oh ,  he’s like a snake disguised as a flower .	0
tomorrow is wednesday .	0
where is thy leather apron and thy rule ?	0
he does indeed show sparks of something like wit .	0
can you ask about him and be satisfied by the reports ?	0
return to her ,  and fifty men dismissed ?	0
why did you leave the dining hall ?	0
honest iago ,  looking dead with grieving ,  speak ,  who began this ?	0
a horned man's a monster and a beast.	0
can you not hate me ,  as i know you do ,  but you must join in souls to mock me too ?	0
farewell .	0
one kiss ,  and i’ll descend .	0
will you give thanks ,  sweet kate ,  or else shall i ? — what’s this ?	0
thou bloodier villain than terms can give thee out !	0
caesar, 'tis strucken eight.	0
there ,  take my coxcomb .	0
i have seen you both .	0
right joyous are we to behold your face ,  most worthy brother england .	0
if not ,  an it would please you to take leave of her ,  she is very willing to bid you farewell .	0
like her ?	0
why ,  shall we turn into men ?	0
she whom i love now has grace for grace and love for love allowed.	0
well; ok; very well .	0
i won’t beg the gods to punish you ,  or caution you to fear their judgment .	0
sleep for a week, because tonight, i guarantee, count paris has set up his rest so that you shall rest but little.	0
i’m the king himself .	0
she will not stay the siege of loving terms ,  nor bide th’ encounter of assailing eyes ,  nor ope her lap to saint - seducing gold .	0
how much salt water was thrown away in waste ,  to season love ,  that did not taste love !	0
for shame ,  bring juliet out; her lord is here .	0
that will ask some tears in the true performing of it.	0
what's this ?	0
i’m not coming .	0
the first drink makes him a fool ,  the second makes him crazy ,  and the third drowns him .	0
why, look, how you get angry!	0
i’ve said nothing wrong .	0
with his ambition growing like this—do you hear what i’m saying ?	0
anger does not protect the angry well .	0
farewell both .	0
come on ,  get ready .	0
i' faith ,  i fear it has .	0
so befall my soul as this is false he burdens me withal .	0
educated men are so impressive !	0
now when you awake, see with yours own fool's eyes.	0
nay ,  that's not so .	0
he will be fooled into thinking he is greater than fate ,  he will mock death ,  and he will think he is above wisdom ,  grace ,  and fear .	0
tis vile ,  unless it may be quaintly ordered ,  and better ,  in my mind ,  not undertook .	0
this is the very coinage of your brain.	0
it’s easy for a liar to pretend to feel sorrow when he actually feels none .	0
but we both obey ,  and here give up ourselves ,  in the full bent ,  to lay our service freely at your feet ,  to be commanded .	0
okay ,  bring on the play .	0
by the world ,  i think my wife is honest ,  and think she is not; i think that you are just ,  and think you are not .	0
you .	0
come ,  sisters ,  let’s cheer him up and show him our talents .	0
not shafalus to procrus was so true.	0
noses ,  ears ,  and lips .	0
there was more nonsense, if i could only remember it.	0
is this the noble moor whom our full senate call all in all sufficient ?	0
where is the rascal cook ?	0
read the will!	0
i am very glad to see you ,  signior .	0
you runaway ,  you coward ,  have you run away ?	0
i’ll bring you to him straight .	0
many people faint when they see blood .	0
i could find in my heart to beat him— come, kiss.	0
who's there ?	0
if i live to see it ,  i will never trust his word after .	0
and i the king shall love thee .	0
and shylock ,  for his own part ,  knew the bird was ready to fly; and then it is the nature of them all to leave the nest .	0
the queen carouses to thy fortune ,  hamlet .	0
call to him ,  mercutio .	0
what’s the matter ,  lieutenant ?	0
shall we give o'er and drown?	0
you called, my lord?	0
you don’t wish we had more help from england anymore ,  cousin ?	0
i found her trimming up the diadem on her dead mistress .	0
can you not stay awhile?	0
yes ,  good idea; that’s the	0
come over here .	0
with all my heart ,  and much it joys me too to see you are become so penitent . — tressel and berkeley ,  go along with me .	0
this doth betoken the corse they follow did with desperate hand fordo it own life .	0
have you eyes ?	0
he is already named, and gone to scone to be invested.	0
please .	0
where should i lose that handkerchief ,  emilia ?	0
first rehearse your song from memory ,  and make sure each note is pretty .	0
come, you are too severe a moraler.	0
madam ,  madam— antonio’s dead !	0
can you keep your heavy eyes open awhile ,  and play a song or two on your harp ?	0
and that were much he should ,  for he is given to sports ,  to wildness and much company .	0
these are counselors that feelingly persuade me what i am .  ”  sweet are the uses of adversity ,  which ,  like the toad ,  ugly and venomous ,  wears yet a precious jewel in his head .	0
oh weary reckoning !	0
let not thy mother lose her prayers, hamlet.	0
how badly this candle burns !	0
but ,  sir ,  such answer as i can make ,  you shall command ,  or rather ,  as you say ,  my mother shall command .	0
no ,  i’m sure it has ,  volumnius .	0
thou'rt kind .	0
at nine i' th' morning here we’ll meet again .	0
my way of life is fallen into the dry, withered yellow leaf, and the things which should accompany old age, honor, love, obedience, troops of friends, i think i’ll have, but, instead of them, i’ll have curses, not loud, only deep, mouth-honor, breath, which the poor heart would gladly deny, and dare not.	0
my lord shall never rest ,  i’ll watch him tame and talk him out of patience .	0
but is this law ?	0
i hate no - good drunks .	0
he cannot by the duello avoid it .	0
talk to him again, and he’ll like you again.	0
why, shall we turn into men?	0
well ,  i’m glad about this .	0
royal wench !	0
is it the king?	0
farewell ,  father .	0
and brief ,  good mother—i’m in a hurry .	0
against my will ,  i am sent to bid you come in to dinner .	0
what ,  paris too ?	0
who wouldn’t cheat on her husband to make him king ?	0
by my head ,  here come the capulets .	0
but since you’re his scoundrel servant ,  i will .	0
it will not speak; then will i follow it.	0
this house is little .	0
good morning ,  gentlemen .	0
our duty to your honor .	0
my name is roderigo.	0
come here ,  ventidius .	0
my lord, this is my daughter here asleep, and this lysander, this demetrius is, this helena, old nedar's helena.	0
this man hath had good counsel—a hundred knights !	0
i have a file of all the gentry .	0
what's the matter with you now ?	0
he keeps them, like an ape, in the corner of his jaw, first to be tasted, and then at last swallowed.	0
lock the door .	0
you cannot, sir, take from me anything that i will more willingly part with, except my life, except my life, except my life.	0
i told him to knock at your gate and for the life of me could not get him to do it .	0
but he’d been there before me ,  and they told me he’d gone out looking for me .	0
tell her you heard us ,  and that she should sneak into the arbor where the crisscrossing branches overhead keep the honeysuckles out of the sun .	0
young fortinbras ,  with conquest come from poland ,  to th' ambassadors of england gives this warlike volley .	0
you lie .	0
or so much as it needs to dew the sovereign flower and drown the weeds .	0
one inch of delay more is a south sea of discovery .	0
but indeed ,  if you find him not within this month ,  you shall nose him as you go up the stair ,  into the lobby .	0
the turkish preparation makes for rhodes; so was i bid report here to the state by signior angelo.	0
o happy horse ,  to bear the weight of antony !	0
would you desire lime and hair to speak better ?	0
soft ,  sir !	0
tush, never tell me!	0
but shall't be shortly?	0
good night .	0
your fat king and your lean beggar interchangeable, two dishes but for one table.	0
you have my word as a gentleman that i’ll always be grateful to you .	0
his word is more than the miraculous harp .	0
there are more things in heaven and earth ,  horatio ,  than you’ve even dreamed of .	0
seleucus’ ingratitude makes me wild .	0
is't gone?	0
give me those flowers.	0
father ,  in .	0
lives he ,  good uncle ?	0
so please my lord the duke ,  and all the court to quit the fine for one half of his goods; i am content ,  so he will let me have the other half in use ,  to render it ,  upon his death ,  unto the gentleman that lately stole his daughter; two things provided more , —that for this favour ,  he presently become a christian; the other ,  that he do record a gift ,  here in the court ,  of all he dies possess'd ,  unto his son lorenzo and his daughter .	0
long love doth so .	0
my good friends, i'll leave you till night.	0
laertes ,  i must commune with your grief ,  or you deny me right .	0
a gentle scroll . —fair lady ,  by your leave: i come by note ,  to give and to receive .	0
who did strike out the light ?	0
what i deserve is that you treat me like a queen ,  and what you deserve is to act like my subjects .	0
but wherefore do you hold me here so long ?	0
you would never fear being caught or dying ,  the mistakes nor the tricks .	0
must i speak now?	0
his beard was gray ,  right ?	0
you shall do it, mark antony.	0
not i .	0
i shall be pinched to death .	0
isn’t there more be done?	0
the portrait of a blinking idiot ,  presenting me a schedule !	0
mine speak of seventy senators that died by their proscriptions ,  cicero being one .	0
what does this mean ,  that you ,  dead corpse ,  again in full armor ,  revisit us in the light and shadows of the moon ,  making night hideous ,  and making us fools of nature shake our dispositions so horridly with thoughts that go beyond the reaches of our souls ?	0
sir ,  sir ,  sir— but thou must needs be sure my spirit and my place have in them power to make this bitter to thee .	0
villainy ,  villainy ,  villainy !	0
are we bothering you ?	0
mooncalf ,  speak once in thy life ,  if thou beest a good mooncalf .	0
if a man were porter of hell - gate ,  he should have old turning the key .	0
and go away ,  witch ,  go away .	0
but ,  lepidus ,  go you to caesar’s house .	0
hover through the fog and filthy air.	0
with what addition ?	0
then yield thee ,  coward ,  and live to be the show and gaze o’ the time .	0
yes ,  as safe as her brothers' lives were .	0
look, if my gentle love be not raised up!	0
why ,  there you’ve said it .	0
are you ill ?	0
you see ,  we’re not alone in our unhappiness .	0
here lies the east .	0
i will kiss your lips .	0
the obsequies that i for thee will keep nightly shall be to strew thy grave and weep.	0
banquo!	0
ah ,  good demetrius ,  wilt thou give him me ?	0
how malicious is my fortune ,  that i must repent to be just !	0
every hour he flashes into one gross crime or other that sets us all at odds .	0
thrice the brinded cat hath mew'd.	0
to a nunnery ,  go .	0
let’s go .	0
here is the man ,  this moor; who now ,  it seems ,  has been brought here by your special mandate for the state affairs .	0
o, this is the poison of deep grief; it springs all from her father's death.	0
where are you, pindarus?	0
exceedingly, my lord, it is very sultry, i can’t tell how.	0
how is it that the clouds still hang on you?	0
there came divers of antonio’s creditors in my company to venice that swear he cannot choose but break .	0
but let him come .	0
look you ,  she lov'd her kinsman tybalt dearly ,  and so did i .	0
or what are you ?	0
oh ratcliffe ,  i had a terrifying dream !	0
i shall laugh myself to death at this puppy - headed monster .	0
i have neither the scholar’s melancholy ,  which is emulation; nor the musician’s ,  which is fantastical; nor the courtier’s ,  which is proud; nor the soldier’s ,  which is ambitious; nor the lawyer’s ,  which is politic; nor the lady’s ,  which is nice; nor the lover’s ,  which is all these ,  but it is a melancholy of mine own ,  compounded of many simples ,  extracted from many objects ,  and indeed the sundry contemplation of my travels ,  in which my often rumination wraps me in a most humorous sadness .	0
what should i say ,  sweet lady ?	0
aren’t you a rational human being ?	0
get to the point ,  since we already know the truth .	0
get on your nightgown ,  lest occasion call us and show us to be watchers .	0
to alonso] therefore ,  my lord , — [to alonso] therefore ,  my lord , — [to sebastian] fie ,  what a spendthrift is he of his [to sebastian] fie ,  what a spendthrift is he of his tongue !	0
who’s she ?	0
examples ,  as obvious as dirt ,  urge me .	0
he smiles so much his face has more lines in it than a map of the east indies .	0
sometimes a thousand twanging instruments will hum about my ears; and sometimes voices, that, if i then had wakened after long sleep, will make me sleep again: and then, in dreaming, the clouds i thought would open and show riches ready to drop on me; that, when i wakened, i cried to dream again.	0
a kinder gentleman does not walk on the earth .	0
did i say "better?	0
i hope you both get drenched with a dew as evil as what my mother used to collect with a crow’s feather from the poison swamps .	0
oh ,  let me speak !	0
i think this tale would win my daughter too .	0
it’s not an insignificant happiness ,  therefore ,  to be well situated in regard to financial resources: having more than enough comes at some time or other to old men ,  but having a sufficient income lasts longer .	0
madam, what should i do?	0
the moor is of a free and open nature, that thinks men are honest that only seem to be so; and will as tenderly be led by the nose as asses are.	0
cold friends to me .	0
sit down; for thou must now know farther.	0
o hell - kite !	0
let us hear him .	0
what’s that noise ?	0
can anything be made of this ?	0
for my part ,  i am so attired in wonder i know not what to say .	0
and, see your wife is with him.	0
i'll go to the friar to know his solution .	0
then we'll shift our ground.	0
the images of revolt and flying off .	0
he knows that you didn’t embrace antony because you loved him ,  but because you feared him .	0
you can have it then ,  your highness .	0
the graceful and renowned king is dead .	0
do you intend to walk outside?	0
thou told'st me thou didst hold him in thy hate.	0
romeo can ,  though heaven cannot .	0
give this ring to my true knight, and bid him come to take his last farewell.	0
i knew you must be edified by the margent ere you had done.	0
if you were as young as i, juliet your love, married only an hour, tybalt murdered, foolish like me, and, like me, banished, then you might speak, then you might tear your hair, and fall upon the ground, as i do now, thinking about an unmade grave.	0
god send you joy ,  petruchio .	0
i am glad 'tis night, you do not look on me, for i am much asham'd of my exchange: but love is blind, and lovers cannot see the pretty follies that themselves commit; for if they could, cupid himself would blush, to see me thus transformed to a boy.	0
look, where he comes.	0
don’t think i’m so dumb that i don’t know that the devil himself won’t eat a woman .	0
without ,  my lord; guarded ,  to know your pleasure .	0
look, here it is.	0
thee aloud  “ england is thine ,  ireland is thine ,  france is thine ,  and harry plantagenet is thine ,  ”  who ,  though i speak it before his face ,  if he be not fellow with the best king ,  thou shalt find the best king of good fellows .	0
worse and worse.	0
these things seem small and undistinguishable, like far-off mountains turned into clouds.	0
when he is gone ,  i would on great occasion speak with you .	0
i never knew woman love man so .	0
was that the caius cassius that i knew ?	0
please you ,  draw near . —louder the music there !	0
sir toby ,  i’ve got to be frank with you .	0
well ,  i cannot tell .	0
cesario ,  go visit that cruel olivia one more time .	0
how are you ,  balthasar ?	0
when did you become so fond of singing ,  boy ?	0
look !	0
niggard of question ,  but of our demands most free in his reply .	0
the duke himself ,  or any of my brothers of the state ,  cannot but feel this wrong as ’twere their own .	0
i intend to be flesh and blood ,  not airy philosophy ,  for there has never yet been a philosopher who could endure a toothache patiently ,  even though they all write as if they had risen above human suffering and misfortune .	0
let it be .	0
his beard was as white as snow ,  all white was his hair .	0
the table's full.	0
my children too ?	0
i’m afraid of what they might encourage him to do ,  considering the state he’s in .	0
if he speaks anything against me, i'll take him down, even if he were lustier than he is, and twenty such jacks; and if i cannot, i'll find those that shall.	0
why do they run away ?	0
let me not name it to you ,  you chaste stars ,  it is the cause .	0
tis here !	0
no ,  no !	0
go ahead ,  moon .	0
othello’s career is over .	0
then you shall be his insurance .	0
lieutenant ,  i think you know i’m your friend .	0
faith ,  half asleep .	0
we’ll win yet .	0
he cries for you ,  and vows ,  if he can take you ,  to scorch your face and to disfigure you .	0
o mistress ,  villainy has made fun with love !	0
show !	0
until you get back ,  nerissa and i will live like virgins and widows .	0
how if fair and foolish ?	0
flies can kiss her ,  but i must flee the city .	0
exit ariel] [exit ariel] awake, dear heart, awake!	0
i do not understand .	0
you snore distinctly: there's meaning in your snores.	0
he did this in public ?	0
the foul practice hath turn'd itself on me.	0
she’s dead ,  my queen .	0
come ,  sir ,  your passado !	0
the man that hath no music in himself, nor is not mov'd with concord of sweet sounds, is fit for treasons, stratagems, and spoils; the motions of his spirit are dull as night, and his affections dark as erebus: let no such man be trusted.—mark the music.	0
sometimes the expression on her face tells me she likes me .	0
we can’t all be masters ,  and not all masters should be followed .	0
to have a foolish wife .	0
yes, what of that?	0
well, we march on, to give obedience where it is truly owed.	0
pyramus draws near the wall; silence .	0
sleep rock thy brain, and never come mischance between us twain!	0
dear lady, welcome home.	0
your superiors .	0
give me the vial .	0
i wish you all the best .	0
please, if it is, give it to me now, because i am slow in studying my lines.	0
dear sister ,  it’s unfair to me—and unfair to yourself—to turn me into a slave .	0
am i not stay'd for ?	0
make room for antony ,  most noble antony !	0
if a jew wrongs a christian, what is his option?	0
you must needs yield your reason ,  sir andrew .	0
i long to hear the story of your life, which must take the ear strangely.	0
didst thou dream ,  lucius ,  that thou so criedst out ?	0
i swear on my life ,  which i take pretty seriously ,  even if i am a magician .	0
pick up the body .	0
i never gave him any .	0
i didn’t realize he knew her .	0
my heart’s as black as death .	0
he’s slept a long time .	0
i will hear further reason for this .	0
no problem ,  madam .	0
look up a - height .	0
what’s a drunken man like ,  fool ?	0
you wrong me in every way .	0
i fear our purpose is discovered.	0
never excuse; for when the players are all dead there need none to be blamed.	0
very gladly.	0
stand ,  ho !	0
bring them before us .	0
you advise me well.	0
listen, she loved her cousin tybalt dearly, and so did i.	0
and leave us, publius for fear that the people will attack us, doing some mischief to your old body.	0
pray god, your voice, like a piece of uncurrent gold, be not cracked within the ring.	0
then i wish to god that i had never seen it !	0
where are you going?	0
i’ll never believe a madman until i can see his brains .	0
your true demonic features are distorting your body .	0
yes ,  like that .	0
tis a chough; but, as i say, spacious in the pos- session of dirt.	0
good cheer ,  antonio !	0
it is short, my lord.	0
they swore that you were sick with love for me .	0
if of life you keep a care ,  shake off slumber ,  and beware .	0
because he’s so young ,  i’ve tried to discourage him ,  but he won’t listen .	0
why do you think i’m making fun of you when i tell you i love you ?	0
do you understand what i’m saying ,  man ?	0
then comes my fit again .	0
no ,  not tonight .	0
what, are you mad?	0
they were suborned .	0
what’s the matter that they scream so loudly in the streets ?	0
go ,  sirrah ,  seek him .	0
but, to my thinking, he was very reluctant to remove his fingers off it.	0
the tunnels !	0
even if i went to church and saw the holy building of stone ,  i’d be thinking right away about dangerous rocks ,  which ,  touching only my gentle vessel's side ,  would scatter all her spices across the water ,  spreading my silk cargo across the roaring waters ,  and ,  in a word ,  one minute worth this amount of money ,  and now worth nothing .	0
to what base uses we may return ,  horatio !	0
stand from the hearse, stand from the body.	0
yes, let her rot, and die, and be damned tonight; because she shall not live.	0
why are you grown so rude?	0
if every dollar in six thousand dollars were in six parts ,  and every part a dollar ,  i would not take them; i want my promise to pay .	0
if e'er thou wast thyself ,  and these woes thine ,  thou and these woes were all for rosaline .	0
why ,  for that too .	0
no, then, you are making fun of me.	0
the fool’s nice enough ,  but he’s such a huge eater ,  and slow as a snail when he works .	0
that he hath used thee.	0
if the gentlewoman that attends the general's wife is awake, tell her there's one cassio begs a little favor of speaking with her.	0
she was false as water.	0
this disturbèd sky is not to walk in .	0
alack ,  my lord ,  what do you mean by that ?	0
first ,  forward to the temple: after dinner your choice shall be made .	0
what should he be ?	0
why, sir, his hide is so tanned with his trade that a will keep out water a great while; and your water is a sore decayer of your whoreson dead body.	0
are you a man ?	0
only i have spoke with someone who saw him die, and he reported that he confessed his treasons very frankly; he begged your highness for pardon; and he seemed very sorry.	0
their lips were four red roses on a stalk ,  and in their summer beauty kissed each other .	0
not now ,  my sweet desdemona .	0
o good iago ,  what shall i do to win my lord again ?	0
these fifteen years !	0
sorrow breaks seasons and reposing hours ,  makes the night morning ,  and the noontide night .	0
if you hang around me for two more years ,  you’ll forget the sound of your own voice .	0
if there come truth from them— as upon thee ,  macbeth ,  their speeches shine— why ,  by the verities on thee made good ,  may they not be my oracles as well and set me up in hope ?	0
against some part of poland.	0
but on the prettiest branches or at the end of every sentence  i’ll write  “ rosalinda ,  ”  teaching everyone who can read that the essence of every spirit is contained in this one woman .	0
i prophesied if a gallows were on land this fellow could not drown.	0
not when i saw't.	0
i’ll read you a sermon .	0
tis the way to call hers, exquisite, in question more.	0
tis not unknown to you ,  antonio ,  how much i have disabled mine estate ,  by something showing a more swelling port than my faint means would grant continuance: nor do i now make moan to be abridg'd from such a noble rate; but my chief care is to come fairly off from the great debts wherein my time ,  something too prodigal ,  hath left me gag'd .	0
sir ,  this is the matter—  i beseech you ,  remember— nay ,  good my lord ,  for mine ease ,  in good faith .	0
i would have my bond .	0
stain'd with blood ?	0
i never may believe these antique fables nor these fairy toys .	0
now will i question cassio of bianca, a housewife that by selling her desires buys herself bread and clothes.	0
yea, noise?	0
an adulterer's a monster and a beast.	0
your love says ,  like an honest gentleman ,  'where is your mother ?	0
away !	0
enough; hold, or cut bow-strings.	0
don’t your discreet heart think it.	0
two such opposèd kings encamp them still ,  in man as well as herbs—grace and rude will .	0
didst thou not hear a noise ?	0
didn’t they ever whisper ?	0
i did ,  sir ,  but it didn’t answer me .	0
as i descended ?	0
machinations ,  hollowness ,  treachery ,  and all ruinous disorders follow us disquietly to our graves .	0
do you want to get married ,  fool ?	0
i am not valiant either ,  but every puny man with a whip gets my sword .	0
scurvy knave!	0
is that the rope ladder romeo told you to pick up ?	0
i’ll go straight for that proverb with  “ to hell with the devil .  ”  you are better at proverbs than i am by as much as  “ a fool shoots quickly and overshoots his mark .  ”  you have overshot .	0
awake ,  i say !	0
o heat, dry up my brains!	0
fly, good fleance, fly, fly, fly!	0
who sent you here ?	0
i can’t talk about my happiness anymore .	0
let it come down .	0
and i in all unwillingness will go .	0
i hear a voice more piercing than the music of these trumpets calling  “ caesar !  ”  speak .	0
ay ,  marry ,  go ,  i say ,  and fetch him hither .	0
then one of you will prove a shrunk panel and ,  like green timber ,  warp ,  warp .	0
send the deed after me and i’ll sign it .	0
i have locked the letter in my closet .	0
you cannot speak of reason to the dane ,  and lose your voice .	0
here is a friar that trembles ,  sighs ,  and weeps .	0
and i still do ,  by these thieves and robbers .	0
and here comes the warden ,  just in time .	0
it’s no less, i tell you, for the bawdy hand of the clock is now upon the prick of noon.	0
how may the duke be satisfied with that ,  whose messengers are here by my side ,  on some urgent business of the state ,  to bring me to him ?	0
sir ,  no .	0
i don’t know ,  madam .	0
we shall be much unfurnish'd for this time .	0
gremio ,  ’tis now no time to vent our love .	0
carthage?	0
is't known who did this more than bloody deed?	0
why ,  you were with him ,  weren’t you ?	0
i swear ,  if i should live a thousand yeas ,  i never should forget it; 'won’t you ,  jule ?	0
your face betrays strange feelings ,  my lord ,  and people will be able to read it like a book .	0
the great contention of the sea and skies parted our fellowship—but, hark!	0
the four strangers are looking for you ,  madam ,  to say their goodbyes ,  and there is a messenger come from a fifth ,  the prince of morocco ,  who brings word the prince ,  his master ,  will be here tonight .	0
are you afraid ?	0
most constantly.	0
the moor is of a free and open nature ,  that thinks men honest that but seem to be so; and will as tenderly be led by the nose as asses are .	0
the weakest fruit drops to the ground first ,  so let me drop .	0
putting on a garment] o, ho, monster!	0
show me ,  show me .	0
your state is the more gracious ,  for it is a vice to know him .	0
three miles from here you can see it coming ,  a moving forest .	0
braved in mine own house with a skein of thread ?	0
we should definitely say something to the moor .	0
well ,  i’ll be revenged as i may .	0
and thane of cawdor too: went it not so ?	0
i know you’ll say  “ yes ,  ”  and i’ll believe you .	0
come ,  gentle night; come ,  loving ,  black - browed night ,  give me my romeo; and ,  when he shall die ,  take him and cut him out in little stars ,  and he will make the face of heaven so fine that all the world will be in love with night ,  and pay no worship to the glaring sun .	0
this grief is crowned with consolation .	0
you often scolded me for loving rosaline.	0
we will rise early tomorrow, and be on our way.	0
curse you for telling me that ,  because it has intimidated my better part of man !	0
what follows then, my lord?	0
for when you cut your shin .	0
this physic but prolongs thy sickly days.	0
i'll drink for you .	0
we’ll visit caliban ,  my slave who never yields us kind answer .	0
here comes one.	0
i don’t even know how much i’m spending to find them .	0
taurus !	0
there is no woman’s sides can bide the beating of so strong a passion as love doth give my heart .	0
oh ,  i wish i was the glove on that hand so that i could touch that cheek .	0
never mind, don’t tell me, for i have heard it all.	0
i won’t say a word .	0
upon the talk of the poisoning ?	0
let him alone .	0
how now ,  you secret ,  black ,  and midnight hags !	0
in terms of choice ,  i am not only led by the nice direction of a maiden's eyes; besides ,  the lottery of my destiny doesn’t give me the right to choose voluntarily; but ,  if my father had not restricted me and controlled me by his wit ,  to give myself as his wife to the one who wins me by that means i told you ,  you yourself ,  renowned prince ,  would then stand as fair as any other man i have looked on yet for my affection .	0
death of your soul !	0
but there's no heed to be taken of them; if caesar had stabbed their mothers ,  they would have done no less .	0
when these tears are gone ,  woman will be extinct .	0
is it that early in the day ?	0
this might be the pate of a politician ,  which this ass now o'erreaches; one that would circumvent god ,  might it not ?	0
please ,  give me that goblet ,  if you love me .	0
be patient .	0
no money ,  on my faith ,  but the gleek .	0
it would be much appreciated .	0
before you can say ‘come’ and ‘go,’ and breathe twice and cry ‘so, so,’ each one, tripping on his toe will be here with mop and mow.	0
oh ,  rarely base !	0
nay ,  had i power ,  i should pour the sweet milk of concord into hell ,  uproar the universal peace ,  confound all unity on earth .	0
your features ,  lord warrant us !	0
yet who would have thought the old man to have had so much blood in him?	0
what can i tell you ?	0
i think it’s yours indeed, for you lie in it.	0
if ever you disturb our streets again ,  your lives shall pay the forfeit of the peace .	0
he bears him like a portly gentleman ,  and ,  to say truth ,  verona brags of him to be a virtuous and well - govern'd youth .	0
oh ,  antony !	0
is not that strange ?	0
he can sniff his way to dover .	0
that’s some nap .	0
to horse ,  you gallant princes ,  straight to horse .	0
did you never see the picture of  “ we three ”  ?	0
a lioness has given birth in the streets; and graves have opened up and given up their dead; fierce fiery warriors fight on the clouds ,  in ranks and squadrons and right forms of war ,  which drizzled blood on the capitol; the noise of battle screaming into the air ,  horses neighed ,  and dying men groaned;and ghosts shrieked and squealed around the streets .	0
what is she ?	0
yes ,  that one .	0
wake up ,  i say !	0
ah ,  but i think him better than i say ,  and yet would herein others' eyes were worse .	0
ride, ride, messala.	0
can you keep your heavy eyes open awhile, and play a song or two on your harp?	0
and so i’m dying .	0
never believe it.	0
then hear me ,  gracious sovereign ,  and all you peers who owe your lives and duty to this imperial throne .	0
your cause of sorrow must not be measured by his worth, for then it hath no end.	0
not so ,  my lord ,  because his courage cannot carry his secret - keeping ,  but the fox carries the goose .	0
i am debating of my present store: and, by the near guess of my memory, i cannot instantly raise up the gross of full three thousand ducats.	0
that ,  sir ,  which i will not report after her .	0
even those you were wont to take delight in ,  the tragedians of the city .	0
come ,  love and health to all; then i'll sit down .	0
what do you mean?	0
i didn’t see them .	0
o!	0
think and die .	0
i wish i could keep killing him for nine years straight .	0
i swoon almost with fear .	0
beat him enough; after a little time i'll beat him too.	0
what ,  frighted with false fire ?	0
how fares my lord ?	0
how is it that the clouds still hang on you?	0
who talks within there ?	0
faith ,  he tonight hath boarded a land carrack .	0
keep thee warm .	0
and too soon marr'd are those so early made.	0
is he sane ?	0
that i loved the moor to live with him ,  my downright violence and storm of fortunes may shout to the world .	0
look ,  when i vow ,  i weep; and vows that are born in tears show the whole truth at that moment .	0
if you say so, i hope you will not kill me.	0
should i say to you ,   “ set them free !	0
how sound asleep she is !	0
roderigo!	0
get me a surgeon !	0
o ,  beware ,  my lord ,  of jealousy; lord ,  what fools these mortals be !	0
if all the devils of hell be drawn in little ,  and legion himself possessed him ,  yet i’ll speak to him .	0
get out ,  low - life !	0
where do you look?	0
call it my fear that keeps you in the house ,  and not your own .	0
most ungrateful maid !	0
not so ,  my lord; for his valour cannot carry his discretion ,  and the fox carries the goose .	0
content .	0
but, like a sickness, i hated the taste this food; but, now healthy, my natural tastes restored, now i wish it, love it, long for it, and will for evermore be true to it.	0
isn’t there any other rite you can perform ?	0
this fellow is wise enough to play the fool ,  and to do that well craves a kind of wit .	0
he shall do this; or else i do recant the pardon that i late pronounced here.	0
nearest his heart .  ” —those are the very words .	0
madam ,  you’ve given me life and given me a living too .	0
o, i am slain!	0
o heaven ,  that such companions thou'ldst unfold ,  and put in every honest hand a whip to lash the rascals naked through the world even from the east to the west !	0
i am.	0
here is some money for you to kill me immediately .	0
is't possible ?	0
dusk and all night long sleeps in peace .	0
and what i spoke, i spoke to my face.	0
my lord ?	0
oh ,  how wonderful to see you !	0
but cheer thy heart ,  and be thou not dismayed .	0
oh ,  noble sir !	0
come ,  sir ,  what letters had you late from france ?	0
no.	0
could my good brother suffer you to do it— a man ,  a prince by him so benefited ?	0
get out ,  servant; rude fellow ,  go away !	0
i protest, in the sincerity of love and honest kindness.	0
if only one of his pockets could speak, wouldn’t it say he lies?	0
that’s the excuse many men use to save their gifts .	0
here is a friar ,  and dead romeo's man ,  with instruments on him that are fit to open these dead men's tombs .	0
whereat grieved— that so his sickness ,  age ,  and impotence was falsely borne in hand—sends out arrests on fortinbras ,  which he ,  in brief ,  obeys ,  receives rebuke from norway ,  and in fine makes vow before his uncle never more to give th' assay of arms against your majesty .	0
this is the foul fiend flibbertigibbet .	0
good morning, noble sir!	0
not i ,  my lord ,  by heaven .	0
if this which he avouches does appear, there is nor flying hence nor tarrying here.	0
thank god .  ”  a good answer .	0
why ,  what is tybalt ?	0
my daughter married death .	0
it is both he and she: your son and daughter .	0
i prithee ,  boy ,  run to the senate - house; stay not to answer me ,  but get thee gone .	0
come on ,  tell me the truth .	0
silence!	0
you’re supposed to show that you understand that pyramus just went to check on a noise he heard and is coming right back .	0
set up the goblets of wine for me on that table .	0
o cursed spite, that ever i was born to set it right!	0
here .	0
but doth he know that i am in this forest and in man’s apparel ?	0
wherein hath caesar thus deserved your loves ?	0
i have a suit to you .	0
swear by my sword you’ll never mention what you’ve heard .	0
no jewel is like rosalind .	0
in my mind's eye, horatio.	0
it is judgement maim'd and most imperfect ,  that will confess perfection so could err against all rules of nature ,  i therefore vouch again ,  that with some mixtures powerful o'er the blood ,  or with some dram conjured to this effect ,  he wrought upon her .	0
he says they can do nothing in this kind.	0
go take them back and smear the sleeping guards with the blood .	0
poor tom shall lead thee .	0
on one and the same trip claribel found a husband in tunis ,  and ferdinand ,  her brother ,  found a wife where he was shipwrecked; prospero found his dukedom on a poor island; and all of us found ourselves when we lost control of ourselves .	0
go ,  go ,  good countrymen ,  and ,  for this mistake ,  get all the poor men like you together ,  bring them to the tiber river’s banks and weep your tears into the water ,  until the lowest stream floods the highest shores of heaven .	0
if i did take the kingdom from your sons ,  to make amends i’ll give it to your daughter .	0
good your highness ,  patience .	0
now my spells are all broken ,  and the only power i have is my own ,  which is very weak .	0
you press me far ,  and therefore i will yield .	0
i don’t know ,  madam .	0
wherefore ,  bold peasant ,  darest thou support a published traitor ?	0
ah sir ,  ah sir .	0
it takes a wise father to know his own child .	0
with lysander?	0
what he will do with it heaven knows, i don’t; i only give it to him to please him.	0
yeah, by my truth, the case may be amended.	0
it’s nasty, unless they may be skillfully ordered, and i think it’s better not to be undertaken.	0
parting is such sweet sorrow that i shall say good night till it be morrow .	0
bring me to him.	0
the dram of evil doth all the noble substance of a doubt to his own scandal.	0
leave her to heaven ,  and to those thorns that live in her bosom ,  to prick and sting her .	0
him and his worth and our great need of him you have right well conceited .	0
the gray - eyed morn smiles on the frowning night ,  checkering the eastern clouds with streaks of light ,  and fleckled darkness like a drunkard reels from forth day’s path and titan’s fiery wheels .	0
honestly, nerissa, my little body is weary of this great world.	0
muffle me, night, a while.	0
don’t you not remember ,  lady ,  in your father's time ,  a venetian ,  a scholar and a soldier ,  that came here in the company of the marquis of montserrat ?	0
you ,  ladies ,  you ,  whose gentle hearts do fear the smallest monstrous mouse that creeps on floor ,  may now ,  perchance ,  both quake and tremble here ,  when lion rough in wildest rage doth roar .	0
richard of york ,  how are you doing ,  my loving brother ?	0
within this half hour will he be asleep .	0
oh dainty duck!	0
i would rather tell you what to be afraid of more than what i am afraid of ,  for i’m always caesar .	0
do not deny to him that you love me.	0
i am the greatest ,  able to do least ,  yet most suspected ,  as the time and place doth make against me ,  of this direful murder; and here i stand ,  both to impeach and purge myself condemned and myself excus'd .	0
enjoy your frankness; it suits you .	0
oh ,  kill me !	0
reputation, reputation, reputation!	0
what shall i call thee when thou art a man ?	0
keep beating ,  my heart ,  and muscles ,  don’t grow old yet—keep me standing .	0
tell me your secrets ,  i won’t reveal them .	0
because from his bold words ,  and because he didn’t go to the tyrant's feast ,  i hear ,  macduff lives in disgrace .	0
the king wishes to know if you want to play against him right away ,  or wait awhile .	0
o !	0
i have sent for these strawberries .	0
monday !	0
he shall ,  sir ,  if it pleases him .	0
the actors are here .	0
will you come ?	0
you haven’t seen anything ,  then ?	0
o, the world hath not a sweeter creature.	0
thus die i ,  thus ,  thus ,  thus .	0
look how it steals away!	0
come ,  for the third ,  laertes .	0
to fool) is thy lady within ?	0
only to your own satisfaction.	0
your wives ,  your daughters ,  your matrons ,  and your maids could not fill up the cistern of my lust ,  and my desire all continent impediments would o'erbear that did oppose my will .	0
take him away .	0
younger girls than she are made happy mothers .	0
sweet doctor ,  you shall be my bedfellow; when i am absent ,  then lie with my wife .	0
where did you learn that song ,  fool ?	0
they made him drink the leftover wine usually given to the poor .	0
what do you mean ,  your highness ?	0
sir ,  it’s the fifteenth day of march .	0
and thou must stand by too ,  and suffer every knave to use me at his pleasure !	0
leave her to heaven, and to those thorns that in her bosom lodge to prick and sting her.	0
tell them this ,  publius .	0
let us go .	0
what masque ?	0
what should i say, sweet lady?	0
regarding this vision here, it is an honest ghost, that i can tell you.	0
i might wake you up in a while to send you on an errand to my brother cassius .	0
i’m your neighbor and came courting first .	0
there’s no clock in the forest .	0
bid him bring his pen and inkhorn to the jail .	0
do you recognize the writing ?	0
but antonio is certainly bankrupt .	0
old cassius still!	0
i can’t wait to hear him call the drunkard  “ husband ,  ”  and to watch my men smother their laughter as they pay their respects to this simple peasant .	0
lady, shall i lie in your lap?	0
he is already named ,  and gone to scone to be invested .	0
and what's in prayer except this double force, to be prevented from falling down, or pardoned since we are down?	0
give me," said i.	0
now, as you are a roman, tell me true.	0
a kinder gentleman does not walk on the earth.	0
and will he not come again ?	0
i am sorry .	0
this is a pitiful sight !	0
so ,  this is to horse .	0
that .	0
i’m an ass ,  i’m a woman’s servant ,  and i’m beside myself .	0
this do i drink to thee .	0
marcus luccicos ,  isn’t he in town ?	0
by th' way we met my wife ,  her sister ,  and a rabble more of vile confederates .	0
is it within reason and can be done ?	0
our army has recently acquired many of mark antony’s former soldiers—enough to capture him .	0
what in the contrary ?	0
you can’t stay here any longer .	0
either the lovers have different social standings—	0
why are you silent?	0
i'll send a messenger to someone in mantua, where that same banished runaway lives, and he shall give him such an unusual vial of medicine that he will soon keep tybalt company, and then i hope you’ll be satisfied.	0
fairies ,  away .	0
you’re not really my daughter ,  but i still have one daughter left .	0
woe to the hand that shed this costly blood !	0
you cannot find scorn and derision in tears of love .	0
my niece ,  you are welcome here as if you were my own daughter .	0
i’ll just speak a word or two here in the house and then i’ll go with you .	0
i beg you ,  sit still .	0
what are you saying ,  cordelia ?	0
i’ll rest here .	0
he doesn’t know he’s been appointed governor yet .	0
i know not .	0
unequal match'd ,  pyrrhus at priam drives ,  in rage strikes wide; but with the whiff and wind of his fell sword the unnerved father falls .	0
there is no more to say ?	0
it wants us to speak to it .	0
all the rest of the conspirators acted out of jealousy of great caesar .	0
let me just ask her one question ,  and by your authority as her father ,  order her to answer truthfully .	0
so, by my former lecture and advice, shall you my son.	0
i would fain prove so .	0
i showed it to you once .	0
do you hear me ,  roderigo ?	0
their perfume lost ,  take these again; for to the noble mind rich gifts wax poor when givers prove unkind .	0
frightening looks are also at my service ,  as are fake smiles .	0
oh ,  ho ,  monster ,  we know what belongs to a frippery . —   put off that gown ,  trinculo .	0
nothing that i know for sure ,  but a lot that i’m afraid might happen .	0
so stop crying.	0
first, marcus brutus, will i shake with you; next, caius cassius, do i take your hand; now, decius brutus, yours; now yours, metellus; yours, cinna; and, my valiant casca, yours; though last, not least in love, yours, good trebonius.	0
i have not breathed almost since i did see it .	0
two weeks and a couple of days .	0
merciful god !	0
a beast ,  no more .	0
biondello ,  what of that ?	0
it’s a good thing you’re not a piece of fish .	0
we know how much they suffer if we are unkind to them .	0
are you a married man or a bachelor?	0
this is the monkey's own giving out.	0
true ,  ”  she said ,   “ a fine little one .  ”   “ no ,  ”  i said ,   “ a huge wit .  ”   “ right ,  ”  she said ,   “ a hugely awful one .  ”   “ no ,  ”  i said ,   “ he has a good wit .  ”   “ exactly ,  ”  she said ,   “ it’s good and mild; it doesn’t hurt anyone .  ”   “ no ,  ”  i said ,   “ benedick is wise .  ”   “ he is certainly ,  ”  she said ,   she cried a lot at that ,  and said she didn’t care .	0
how if the kiss be denied ?	0
i will look him and privily relieve him .	0
my mother had a maid called barbara; she was in love; and the man she loved went crazy and left her.	0
don’t you have any word of joy ?	0
what does he say about our marriage ?	0
if i once stir, or do but lift this arm, the best of you shall sink in my rebuke.	0
i humbly thank you for't .	0
now i only scold, but i should give you worse; because you, i fear, has given me cause to curse.	0
get thee to bed, francisco.	0
foul deeds will rise ,  though all the earth o'erwhelm them ,  to men's eyes .	0
so ,  so ,  so .	0
the moon looks sad to me .	0
honour, riches, marriage-blessing, long continuance, and increasing, hourly joys be still upon you!	0
hark ,  hark !	0
and what would that accomplish ?	0
i will resolve you herein presently .	0
will you give her up?	0
their malady convinces the great assay of art ,  but at his touch— such sanctity hath heaven given his hand— they presently amend .	0
his words were, “goodbye, mistress,” nothing else.	0
if i had thee in lipsbury pinfold ,  i would make thee care for me .	0
freedom ,  high - day ,  freedom !	0
othello, leave some officer behind, and he shall bring our commission to you, with such things of quality and respect as are important to you.	0
tell me your counsels, i will not disclose em.	0
tell me ,  daughter juliet ,  what do you think about getting married ?	0
i pray you all, stand up.	0
well ,  i conceive .	0
if he be sad ,  he wants money .	0
oh ,  there’s the problem .	0
i'll follow it .	0
unleash the dogs in the western valley .	0
let me have open means to come to them ,  and soon i’ll rid you from the fear of them .	0
all this excitement has made the time fly by .	0
o god !	0
that she’s the chosen of signior hortensio .	0
very vilely in the morning ,  when he is sober ,  and most vilely in the afternoon ,  when he is drunk .	0
yes ,  fashion is fashion .	0
where are you from ?	0
i will send for him ,  and question him yourself .	0
in private ?	0
zounds ,  who is there ?	0
answer when i call your name . —nick bottom ,  the weaver ?	0
my noble uncle, do you know the cause?	0
it is my lady; o ,  it is my love !	0
also ,  he’s left you all his walkways—in his private gardens and newly planted orchards—on this side of the tiber river .	0
i will do everything that thou wilt have me .	0
that i distrust you .	0
bianca’s love made me exchange my state with tranio ,  while he did bear my countenance in the town ,  and happily i have arrivèd at the last unto the wishèd haven of my bliss .	0
whatever i think ,  i have to say .	0
never, my lord.	0
please don’t mock me, fellow-student.	0
i must leave you .	0
he’s married ,  madam .	0
if anything of sorrow or wonder, stop your search.	0
pray, give me that; i'll carry it to the pile.	0
go by ,  saint jeronimy .	0
his highness is not well .	0
pray god ,  your voice ,  like a an unused gold coin ,  can’t be cracked within the ring .	0
why then ,  thus it is: you must prepare your bosom for his knife .	0
keep up your courage ,  man !	0
and even though you know i’m very close to the prince and claudio ,  i swear i’ll keep your counsel and deal with this secretly and justly .	0
gentle madam ,  no .	0
my children would have enjoyed a better death if god had blessed you with a purer life .	0
who now owes the price of his dear blood ?	0
o misery !	0
o cassio ,  cassio ,  cassio !	0
my dukedom since you have given me again, i will requite you with as good a thing; at least bring forth a wonder to content ye as much as me my dukedom.	0
so then why should i offer this womanish defense that i’m innocent ?	0
be factious for redress of all these griefs, and i will set this foot of mine as far as who goes farthest.	0
impudent prostitute !	0
let’s break up our watch, and i think we should tell all we have seen tonight to young hamlet, for, i swear on my life, this spirit, silent to us, will speak to him.	0
do not approach till thou dost hear me call .	0
we’ve seen the best our age has to offer .	0
if you dare fight today ,  come to the field; if not ,  when you have stomachs .	0
i will omit no opportunity that may convey my greetings, love, to thee.	0
i’ll do what i can to make you even more comfortable .	0
great jove ,  othello guard ,  and swell his sail with thine own powerful breath ,  that he may bless this bay with his tall ship ,  make love's quick pants in desdemona's arms ,  give renew'd fire to our extincted spirits ,  and bring all cyprus comfort .	0
how is it now !	0
i will bring you thither.	0
then you can be strong and say, “bassanio's dead.” my lord and lady, now it’s our turn, o cry, “good joy,” we who have stood by and seen our wishes for you come true, good joy, my lord and lady!	0
and for mark antony ,  think not of him ,  for he can do no more than caesar's arm when caesar's head is off .	0
you’ll be sick tomorrow because you’ve stayed up all night .	0
i'll not be forsworn .	0
what horrible thing are you imagining ?	0
always note, lucilius, when love begins to sicken and decay, it uses a stiff, cold ritual.	0
i wish you had never seen him!	0
he shall spurn fate ,  scorn death ,  and bear his hopes ’bove wisdom ,  grace ,  and fear .	0
how can you top that ?	0
fortune is merry, and in this mood will give us anything.	0
you are jealous now that this is from some mistress, some remembrance: no, by my faith, bianca.	0
now please stop being so strange and tell me what exactly i should blab to my lady .	0
prithee ,  peace .	0
what friend ?	0
where did you hear this ?	0
where’s this so - called king ?	0
and then return to you and nothing else ?	0
where’s the king ?	0
to seek my uncle in the forest of arden .	0
good volumnius, thou know'st that we two went to school together; even for that our love of old, i prithee, hold thou my sword-hilts, whilst i run on it.	0
caesar’s talking .	0
what ,  is my beaver easier than it was ?	0
to supper; to our house .	0
is he come ?	0
fool ,  i’ll repay you for this favor .	0
shall i go fetch your nightgown ?	0
what news ?	0
from fife, great king; where the norwegian banners insult the sky and, like a fan, make our people cold.	0
i can hit quickly, if i’m motivated.	0
ah ,  desdemona ,  away ,  away ,  away !	0
hast thou met with him ?	0
a poor virgin ,  sir ,  an ill - favored thing ,  sir ,  but mine own .	0
i should make very fires of my cheeks burn modesty into ashes ,  if i only spoke your deeds .	0
about ,  my brain !	0
you have said now .	0
that’s treason !	0
it was just like in real life ,  dark brown with silver whiskers in it .	0
separate them.	0
did you see the weird sisters?	0
nay ,  more ,  if any born at ephesus be seen at any syracusian marts and fairs; again ,  if any syracusian born come to the bay of ephesus ,  he dies ,  his goods confiscate to the duke’s dispose ,  unless a thousand marks be levièd to quit the penalty and to ransom him .	0
roderigo !	0
no ,  let the candied tongue lick absurd pomp ,  and crook the pregnant hinges of the knee where thrift may follow fawning .	0
behold where stands the usurper's cursed head .	0
no ,  sir ,  no jot .	0
will all great neptune's ocean wash this blood clean from my hand?	0
who is to be buried in it ?	0
if that same demon that hath gulled thee thus should with his lion gait walk the whole world ,  he might return to vasty tartar back and tell the legions  “ i can never win a soul so easy as that englishman’s .  ”  oh ,  how hast thou with jealousy infected the sweetness of affiance !	0
you a similar loss !	0
therefore i pray you lead me to the caskets to try my fortune .	0
are we betrayed before we have deserved it?	0
so ,  good night to you all .	0
why are you hiding that letter ?	0
romans, countrymen, and lovers!	0
i shouldn’t see the time pass in the sands of an hour-glass but i’d be thinking about shallows and sandbars, and seeing my wealthy ship of war run aground, lowering her high top sails lower than her hull to sink.	0
her husband ,  you rascal .	0
introduce yourself to them, and bring them in.	0
give me your hand .	0
i’ll have none of it .	0
yes, yes, it was bassanio, i think, or so he was called.	0
o day !	0
be not so long to speak .	0
that cannot be: his ring i do accept most thankfully ,  and so ,  i pray you ,  tell him: furthermore ,  i pray you ,  show my youth old shylock's house .	0
she’s dead ,  she’s dead ,  she’s dead !	0
more company !	0
hello, my headstrong daughter!	0
i’ll leave you till night .	0
are you a married man or a bachelor?	0
ah ,  fie !	0
who lies i’ the second chamber ?	0
i promise i’ll carry the wood faster .	0
the time of universal peace is near .	0
why ,  now you speak like a good child and a true gentleman .	0
we do not mean the coursing snatchers only ,  but fear the main intendment of the scot ,  who hath been still a giddy neighbor to us .	0
hoppedance cries in tom’s belly for two white herring .	0
from the looks of him, he can tell us the latest news of the revolt.	0
that mountain of insanity that wants to marry me ,  i could find it in my heart to stay here and become a witch myself .	0
a plague upon the tyrant that i serve !	0
he speaks to me . —i am your master ,  dromio .	0
couldn’t a worm, a poisonous snake, do as much?	0
benedick ,  did you notice signior leonato’s daughter ?	0
i could have saved her .	0
all you gods, in general meeting, take away her power, break all the spokes and curved rims from her wheel, and bowl the hub of the wheel down the hill of heaven, as low as you can to kill the fiends!	0
o, here's a wit of cheverel, that stretches from an inch narrow to an ell broad!	0
troth ,  sir ,  i can yield you none without words ,  and words are grown so false ,  i am loath to prove reason with them .	0
for none, neither.	0
the moor’s abused by some most villainous knave ,  some base notorious knave ,  some scurvy fellow .	0
faith, that was not so well; yet would i knew that stroke would prove the worst!	0
i’m afraid we shall oversleep in the morning, as much as we stayed up late this night.	0
now ,  sir ,  be judge yourself whether i in any just term am affined to love the moor .	0
why do you look so upset ?	0
in the mean time, against thou shalt awake, shall romeo by my letters know our drift; and hither shall he come; and he and i will watch thy waking, and that very night shall romeo bear thee hence to mantua.	0
bring a corollary ,  rather than want a spirit .	0
what  “ passion ”  ?	0
i'll be with you soon .	0
listen to the captain's whistle.	0
i didn’t think you could even be so angry .	0
yes ,  with cassio .	0
do you confess so much?	0
we shall have old swearing that they gave the rings away to men; but we'll confront them ,  and outswear them too .	0
why, then, it is hers, my lord, and being hers, she may, i think, give it to any man.	0
your servants were fighting your enemy’s servants before i got here .	0
now he urges him to tell it again .	0
by the lord ,  horatio ,  these three years i have noted that the age is grown so picky that the toe of the peasant comes so near the heel of the courtier ,  he hurts his feelings .	0
and let the laboring bark climb hills of seas olympus high ,  and duck again as low as hell's from heaven !	0
who is here so vile that he will not love his country ?	0
when you hold up your hand that pure congealed white top ,  high taurus' snow ,  fanned with the eastern wind ,  turns to a crow .	0
too familiar is my dear son with such sour company .	0
can it be possible that no one saw them leave ?	0
yes, boy, ready.	0
come, stand not amazed at it, but go along with me; i will show you such a necessity in his death that you shall think yourself bound to put it on him.	0
i'll be with thee betimes .	0
saint davy’s day has passed .	0
your fall has left a blot that opens even the best and brightest to suspicion .	0
we don’t come, as we mean to content you, is our true intent.	0
but tell me yet ,  dost thou not know my voice ?	0
by mary ,  i wouldn’t do such a thing for a gold ring ,  or for measures of soft cotton ,  or for gowns ,  petticoats ,  or caps ,  or any little show; but ,  for the whole world  - why ,  who wouldn’t unfaithful to her husband to make him a king ?	0
what’s the matter ?	0
nothing ,  my lord ,  or if i did—i don’t know what .	0
this wicked son of mine confirms the prediction —son against father .	0
mine would, sir, if i were human.	0
i think he’ll stand with us very strongly.	0
as far ,  my lord ,  as will fill up the time 'twixt this and supper .	0
he does well to praise himself ,  because no one else will praise him .	0
something of moment then .	0
i will not trust you ,  i; nor longer stay in your curst company .	0
put them to motion .	0
it would’ve been us if we had been there .	0
if it be no more ,  portia is brutus' harlot ,  not his wife .	0
i fear thee not .	0
no, not tonight.	0
is ’t far you ride ?	0
something from venice ,  sure .	0
and what is the subject ?	0
tis gone, and will not answer.	0
what is the matter, ho?	0
and not one vessel escaped the dreadful touch of the rocks that can break a merchant?	0
oh ,  i wish you weren’t ,  you poor ,  frightened soul .	0
well then ,  here it is .	0
nay ,  let them go ,  a couple of quiet ones .	0
oh ,  i wish you’d never been born !	0
a conduit, girl?	0
they’ll tell the clock to any business that we say befits the hour .	0
good morrow ,  general .	0
that pure congealed white, high taurus' snow, fann'd with the eastern wind, turns to a crow when thou hold'st up thy hand.	0
whom should i knock ?	0
the attempt and not the deed confounds us .	0
what it should be ,  more than his father's death ,  that thus hath put him so much from the understanding of himself ,  i cannot dream of .	0
look at all the devoted servants who work for their masters their whole lives for nothing but their food ,  and then when they get old they’re terminated .	0
brutus ,  my lord .	0
alas ,  that love ,  whose eyes are blindfolded ,  should ,  without eyes ,  see ways to have his will done .	0
was not that cassio parted from my wife ?	0
i am not sick if brutus have in hand any exploit worthy the name of honor .	0
so if we know that a man is a thief ,  should we try to arrest him ?	0
good faith ,  a little one ,  not past a pint ,  as i am a soldier .	0
seneca cannot be too heavy, nor plautus too light.	0
i heard a voice cry, "sleep no more!	0
the blows i gave you already will make up for your upsetting me .	0
my name ,  dear saint ,  is hateful to myself ,  because it is an enemy to thee .	0
a cry inside] damn their screaming!	0
get yourself to a convent.	0
give me my amour.	0
how say you by the french lord ,  monsieur le bon ?	0
what say you ,  bottom ?	0
well ,  juliet ,  i will lie with thee to - night .	0
fare you well, my lord.	0
poor birds do not fall down .	0
everyone who comes to gamble on winning me has to swear to these three rules .	0
he would just see me for what i am ,  a person amazed to hear you talking about naples .	0
long live the king!	0
why no ,  no more than reason .	0
my lord, i cannot.	0
but i’ll be hanged ,  sir ,  if he wear your livery .	0
who chooseth me shall have as much as he deserves ”  !	0
therefore wast thou deservedly confined into this rock ,  who hadst deserved more than a prison .	0
o ,  i am slain !	0
the king hath strictly charged the contrary .	0
let’s have your applause ,  if we are friends ,  and robin shall make good on his promise .	0
nay ,  but swear't .	0
i will indeed no longer endure it ,  nor am i yet persuaded to put up in peace what already i have foolishly suffered .	0
many people have told me so .	0
in short, ophelia, don’t believe his vows, because they are pimps, not made of those things which show outside, but mere beggars of unholy courtships, breathing like holy and righteous procurers, the better to deceive you.	0
get thee gone ,  but do it .	0
poor lady, she'll run mad when she shall lack it.	0
yet she must die ,  else she'll betray more men .	0
tennis balls ,  my liege .	0
ensign ,  go with them; you know the place best .	0
if ever you disturb our streets again, your lives shall pay the forfeit of the peace.	0
the storm separated us .	0
talk you of killing?	0
and so am i for no woman .	0
i will hide you where you shall have time to speak your heart freely.	0
ay ,  if i be alive ,  and your mind hold ,  and your dinner worth the eating .	0
not cassio kill'd!	0
thy head is as full of quar rels as an egg is full of meat; and yet thy head hath been beaten as addle as an egg for quarrelling .	0
till i know 'tis done, howe'er my haps, my joys were ne'er begun.	0
i will move them to storms of tears; i will rouse their pity in some measure .	0
well; if any man in italy has a better table that offers to swear on a book, i shall have good luck.	0
take no offense that i would not offend you .	0
stay, though you kill me, sweet demetrius.	0
with lysander ?	0
the good years shall devour them ,  flesh and fell ,  ere they shall make us weep .	0
what other ceremony ?	0
if it be found so, some will dear abide it.	0
to gonzalo] ‘widow dido’ said you ?	0
fulvia is dead .	0
where is demetrius ?	0
why ,  i will see thee at philippi ,  then .	0
or be alive again ,  and challenge me to fight you in the desert with your sword .	0
sole monarch of the universal earth ,  oh ,  what a beast was i to chide at him !	0
i thank thee ,  master .	0
where i have come, great clerks have purposed to greet me with premeditated welcomes; where i have seen them shiver and look pale, make periods in the midst of sentences, throttle their practised accent in their fears, and, in conclusion, dumbly have broke off, not paying me a welcome.	0
i’ll not meddle with it .	0
are you answer'd?	0
a cry inside] damn their screaming !	0
at supper.	0
you didn’t go to sleep ,  then ?	0
go ,  leave me .	0
but she as far surpasseth sycorax as great’st does least .	0
do you like me ,  kate ?	0
thinking ,  my lord ?  ”  my god ,  you keep repeating everything i say as if you were thinking something too horrible to say out loud .	0
perhaps even there ,  where i did find my doubts .	0
it’s not lost ,  but what if it were ?	0
it does, holy sir; and my master is in there, one that you love.	0
i’ll marry the earl of warwick’s youngest daughter ,  lady anne .	0
not a jot more, my lord.	0
what you would work me to ,  i have some aim .	0
ay ,  widow dido .	0
and kill your lady ,  too ,  who lives in you ,  by doing damned hate to yourself ?	0
but even so ,  we can’t do without him .	0
but look ,  cassius ,  caesar looks angry and everyone else looks as if they’ve been scolded .	0
i will not .	0
here comes another group to see for you.	0
i hid myself under the dead dreamer’s covering because i was afraid of the storm.	0
kill the poys and the luggage !	0
no ,  i won’t .	0
our separation so abides and flies that thou ,  residing here ,  goes yet with me ,  and i ,  hence fleeting ,  here remain with thee .	0
if this is true, then i should know this secret.	0
didn’t you hear their shouts?	0
i'll do it, but it doesn’t like me.	0
nor i neither ,  by this heavenly light .	0
this lodovico is a proper man .	0
you ,  roderigo !	0
now i’m in a great hurry ,  as i’m sure you can see .	0
and pardon me, my gentle gratiano, because that same scrubbed boy, the doctor's clerk, instead of this, slept with me last night.	0
where is my page ?	0
withdraw thee ,  wretched margaret .	0
he did ,  my lord .	0
how fares your grace ?	0
i have a wife ,  whom i protest i love; i would she were in heaven ,  so she could entreat some power to change this currish jew .	0
good spirit !	0
couch we awhile ,  and mark .	0
help!	0
he dies !	0
what ,  ho !	0
i shall deliver so .	0
must i observe you?	0
how is ’t with you ?	0
even though i don’t see it ,  this lady thinks i’m a marvelously good - looking man .	0
come ,  my hippolyta; what cheer ,  my love ?	0
be kind and courteous to this gentleman .	0
who's there?	0
and who can help thinking how monstrous it was for malcolm and donalbain to kill their gracious father ?	0
why prat’st thou to thyself and answer’st not ?	0
he is far gone ,  far gone !	0
most beautiful pagan,—most sweet jew!	0
but if it’s not double - dealing ,  sir ,  i wish you’d deal me another .	0
he did ,  from first to last .	0
go to .	0
but, however you pursue this revenge, don’t taint your mind, or let your soul plan anything against your mother.	0
where are they ?	0
my lord of oxford ,  you ,  sir william brandon ,  and you ,  sir walter herbert ,  stay with me .	0
i am calm ,  sir .	0
i am no sea captain, but, if you were as far away as that vast shore washed with the furthest sea, i would risk everything for such a cargo.	0
she provides an excellent moral .	0
this sunken - eyed hag was brought here pregnant and left by the sailors .	0
madam ,  what should i do ?	0
e'en that .	0
do you find some occasion to anger cassio ,  either by speaking too loud ,  or tainting his discipline ,  or from what other course you please ,  which the time shall more favorably minister .	0
i’ll signify so much unto him straight .	0
thou dost lie in't ,  to be in't and say it' 'tis thine .	0
fear it ,  my dear sister ,  and keep you in the rear of your affection ,  out of the shot and danger of desire .	0
there’s nothing in her yet .	0
a dog of the house of montague motivates me.	0
i did too ,  and he also swore he would marry her tonight .	0
i know my hour is come .	0
if any ,  speak ,  for him have i offended .	0
i must with haste from hence .	0
hound or spaniel ,  bitch or dog ,  whether your tail is short or curly— tom will make you cry and wail .	0
let’s get dressed quickly and then meet in the hall .	0
of all places ,  i don’t like the	0
thou art a scholar; speak to it, horatio.	0
they must lie there.	0
what then ?	0
perchance ?	0
demetrius ,  i will keep my word with thee .	0
if i myself, there is no hour so fit as caesar's death's hour, nor no instrument of half that worth as those your swords, made rich with the most noble blood of all this world.	0
o, help!	0
so take for life a fellow of pure and plain faithfulness .	0
here comes one .	0
how many goodly creatures are there here!	0
her name is margery ,  indeed .	0
please avoid doing that .	0
why ,  then is my pump well - flower'd .	0
an i were so apt to quarrel as thou art ,  any man should buy the fee simple of my life for an hour and a quarter .	0
i cannot move .	0
o ,  the kindest kate !	0
first ,  i ask you what they’ve done; thirdly ,  i ask you what offense they’re charged with; sixth and lastly ,  i ask you why they’ve been committed here; and ,  in conclusion ,  i ask what they’re accused of .	0
but ,  sir ,  such wanton ,  wild ,  and usual slips	0
wast thou not charged at peril— wherefore to dover ? —let him first answer that .	0
o ,  yes ,  my lord .	0
remember you !	0
i don’t know .	0
we are blessed that rome is rid of him .	0
this is a strange repose ,  to be asleep with eyes wide open; standing ,  speaking ,  moving ,  and yet so fast asleep .	0
and truly in my youth i suffered much extremity for love ,  very near this .	0
all of you who are looking at her ,  wouldn’t you swear that she’s a virgin ,  judging by these outward shows ?	0
yet he looks successfully .	0
let’s call more help to have them bound again .	0
only you don’t speak to me .	0
i must obey .	0
why do you cross me in this command ?	0
o you stupid boy!	0
my leg is cut in two .	0
fear not my government .	0
along the way ,  i’ll find an opportunity to separate him from the queen’s proud relatives ,  as step one in the plan we’ve discussed .	0
oh, these deliberate fools!	0
where will the old duke live ?	0
pray you, sir, stand up; i am sure you are not launcelot, my boy.	0
go ,  but sign the deed .	0
gentlemen all,—alas, what shall i say?	0
believe none of us .	0
he’s ready; get closer and back him up.	0
who should now pay the price for mercutio’s life ?	0
what is pyramus ?	0
one of the sisters poisoned the other out of love for me ,  and then killed herself .	0
here’s drink .	0
and i .	0
demetrius ,  i'll swear it on his head ,  pursued nedar's daughter ,  helena ,  the same way ,  and won her soul; and she ,  sweet lady ,  loves ,  devoutly loves ,  loves to the point of divine worship ,  this spotted and inconstant man .	0
why do you lead these men in the streets ?	0
nature would not invest herself in such shadowing passion without some reason.	0
the boy gives the warning something is approaching .	0
o ,  belike his majesty hath some intent that you shall be new christened in the tower .	0
all these swords have a length?	0
yes ,  faith .	0
oh ,  you mean when beatrice writes a letter and hero sees that it has  “ benedick ”  and  “ beatrice ”  written all over it ?	0
o jephthah ,  judge of israel ,  what a treasure hadst thou !	0
and even for that do i love you the more .	0
i swear ,  i could do so much— please ,  no more .	0
and then the justice ,  in fair round belly with good capon lined ,  with eyes severe and beard of formal cut ,  full of wise saws and modern instances; and so he plays his part .	0
be quick about it .	0
be happy .	0
dead art thou ,  dead !	0
good reasons must ,  of course ,  yield to better reasons .	0
but she perforce withholds the lovèd boy ,  crowns him with flowers ,  and makes him all her joy .	0
so be quiet .	0
now let it work.—mischief, you’re working!	0
then don’t move while i take my prayer's answer.	0
wert thou as young as i, juliet thy love, an hour but married, tybalt murdered, doting like me, and like me banished, then mightst thou speak, then mightst thou tear thy hair, and fall upon the ground, as i do now, taking the measure of an unmade grave.	0
i’ll fetch my sister to get her goodwill .	0
am i the master here or you ?	0
our fears of banquo stick deep, and there’s a lot to be afraid of in the royalty of his nature.	0
i do ,  and it sounds like you’re talking in your sleep .	0
well ,  sir ,  i thank you .	0
here comes his body ,  mourned by mark antony ,  who ,  though he had no hand in his death ,  shall receive the benefit of his dying—a place in the commonwealth—as which of you shall not ?	0
yet brutus says he was ambitious; and brutus is an honorable man.	0
will you give her o'er ?	0
whereto serves mercy but to confront the visage of offence?	0
let’s go !	0
horny animals !	0
i won’t serve him: he’s not valiant .	0
so if it pleases my lord, the duke, and all the court to set the fine for one half of his goods, i am content, as long as he will let me have the other half to use, to give it, on his death, to the gentleman that lately stole his daughter: two things more, that, for this favor, he presently becomes a christian; the other, that he records a gift, here in the court, of everything he has when he dies to his son, lorenzo, and his daughter.	0
where should she be ?	0
what ,  sigh for the toothache ?	0
enough.	0
i see a cherub that sees them.	0
oh do - de ,  do - de ,  do - de .	0
why are you talking to me like this ?	0
what !	0
cover his mouth, bring him silently.	0
what’s the news ?	0
you are a counsellor; if you can command these elements to silence, and work the peace of the present, we will not hand a rope more; use your authority.	0
my lord ,  the queen would speak with you ,  and presently .	0
have all your conquests ,  glories ,  triumphs ,  achievements ,  come to so little ?	0
have you seen him today.	0
no ,  as i am a man .	0
none that i more love than myself .	0
come on ,  what would you say about me ?	0
you’ve made him so delusional he’ll go crazy when he learns the truth .	0
will you enforce me to a world of cares ?	0
i say i love thee more than he can do.	0
tis no matter .	0
but why aren’t you in your shop today ?	0
i therefore arrest and attack you as an abuser of the world ,  a practitioner of the forbidden and illegal arts .	0
when i desire their leave that i might pity him ,  they took from me the use of mine own house ,  charged me on pain of their perpetual displeasure neither to speak of him ,  entreat for him ,  nor any way sustain him .	0
we looked not for mark antony here .	0
these revelations have overwhelmed her .	0
judge me ,  you gods !	0
i doubt it is none other than the main reason ,  his father's death and our overly hasty marriage .	0
things that are bad make strong themselves by ill .	0
my lord ,  this would not be believed in venice ,  although i could swear i saw it .	0
macduff is missing and your noble son.	0
can’t a plain man live and do no harm to anyone without being taken advantage of by a bunch of slick ,  sneaky lowlifes ?	0
what do you say, hermia?	0
tis not to me she speaks .	0
you lie ,  malignant thing !	0
pox, leave thy damnable faces, and begin!	0
too high to be enthrall'd to low .	0
now die, die, die, die, die.	0
macbeth !	0
mark antony ,  here ,  take you caesar’s body .	0
i am content .	0
where’s antony ?	0
you are a senator .	0
all but mariners plunged in the foaming brine and quit the vessel ,  then all afire with me: the king's son ferdinand ,  with hair up - staring—then like reeds ,  not hair— was the first man that leapt ,  cried ,  ’hell is empty ,  and all the devils are here . ’ why ,  that's my spirit !	0
sir ,  i can’t .	0
i pray you ,  what is he ?	0
husband ,  i’ll eat with you in private today and hear your confession about all the pranks you’ve pulled .	0
is not this something more than fantasy?	0
this is a sorry sight .	0
or is your gold and silver ewes and rams ?	0
invite the many guests on this list .	0
bite him to death, please.	0
there will we rehearse ,  for if we meet in the city we shall be dogged with company ,  and our devices known .	0
if he but blench, i know my course.	0
yes, he’s a cunning fellow indeed, because he doesn’t do a thing but talk about his horse; and he makes it a great attribute to his own good qualities that he can shoe him himself; i am very afraid, my lady, his mother had an affair with a blacksmith.	0
no, when i have a favor to ask where i mean to touch your love indeed, it shall be full of confidence and heavy, and fearful to be granted.	0
now is he for the numbers that petrarch flowed in .	0
now attest that those whom you called fathers did beget you .	0
almost nine o’clock ,  lady .	0
therefore this project should have a plan b or c ,  that might hold if this first one failed .	0
whate'er thou art ,  for thy good caution ,  thanks .	0
tis good we do so .	0
your love says, like an honest gentleman, and a courteous, and a kind, and a handsome; and, i warrant, a virtuous—where is your mother?	0
and how long is that ,  think you ?	0
where are these hearts ?	0
but ,  o grief ,  where hast thou led me ?	0
no ,  marry .	0
look ,  here comes a walking fire .	0
come ,  lieutenant ,  i have a bottle of wine; and here outside are a number of cyprus gents that would happily drink a round to the health of black othello .	0
because that’s what you are now .	0
peace ,  sirrah !	0
not in love either?	0
i find you quite gentle .	0
and so i have lost a noble father ,  a sister driven into insanity ,  whose worth ,  if praises may go back again ,  stood as a challenger to the most beautiful woman of all time for her perfections .	0
then must we look from his age to receive not alone the imperfections of long - engrafted condition ,  but therewithal the unruly waywardness that infirm and choleric years bring with them .	0
one more ,  one more; be thus when thou art dead ,  and i will kill thee ,  and love thee after .	0
what time tomorrow should i send someone to you ?	0
tis an unweeded garden that grows to seed; things rank and gross in nature possess it merely.	0
god be wi' you.	0
alack ,  what heinous sin is it in me ,  to be asham'd to be my father's child !	0
get more candles; wake up all my relatives.	0
to choose love by what another person sees!	0
you heard her say it herself it wasn’t i .	0
for that goes hard .	0
macbeth.	0
it was a rough night.	0
you ,  sir ,  always told me i couldn’t do anything without bidding .	0
ay ,  amen !	0
i take it, your own business calls on you, and you embrace the occasion to depart.	0
he is a dreamer; let us leave him .	0
i have such an exploit in hand, ligarius, that you would hear if you weren’t sick.	0
noble buckingham ,  your promise is like medicine to my ailing heart .	0
and trust me ,  love ,  in my eye so do you .	0
there, tyrant, there!	0
robin starveling, the tailor.	0
where has he gone ?	0
i did not give the lie .	0
canidius and the others that left antony are given hospitality here but no positions of trust .	0
sweet now, silence!	0
please ,  no man leave ,  except i alone ,  until antony has spoken .	0
say ,  voltimand ,  what news from our ally ,  norway ?	0
tis done by me ,  and ends in  “ margaret .  ”    thus have you breathed your curse against yourself .	0
i wish you would bear your luck like a man!	0
oh well .	0
let him go up into the public chair .	0
o jephthah ,  judge of israel ,  what a treasure you had !	0
that we should ,  with joy ,  pleasure ,  partying ,  and applause ,  transform ourselves into beasts !	0
double ,  double toil and trouble ,  fire burn and cauldron bubble .	0
she’s so good at sewing ,  and a wonderful musician .	0
i dare not say he lies anywhere.	0
marvelous sweet music !	0
o day!	0
it will be to your advantage ,  because i’ll leave our father’s house and all his property to you ,  while i live and die a shepherd here in the forest .	0
the next more easy ,  for use can almost change what is natural ,  and can either curb the devil or throw him out with wondrous effectiveness .	0
there is one goat for you .	0
shall i go win my daughter to thy will ?	0
i prefer to call it a  “ hanger .  ”  but anyway .	0
nay ,  we will slink away in supper - time ,  disguise us at my lodging ,  and return ,  all in an hour .	0
forgive me of my foul murder!	0
will you have dinner with me tonight, casca?	0
where ?	0
all your talents and gifts didn’t arouse as much envy from him as this one quality did ,  though to me it’s far from your best attribute .	0
stand farther away . —come on ,  continue .	0
goodbye .	0
you are antonio ,  you are he .	0
if arguing make us sweat ,  the proof of it will turn to redder drops .	0
i wish she were in heaven so she could appeal to some power to make this dog jew change his mind .	0
he is not the flower of courtesy, but, i'll warrant him, as gentle as a lamb.	0
it’s a shame, there is more danger in your eye than twenty of their swords.	0
your royal father's murdered.	0
trust me ,  i am glad about it .	0
when we meet on judgment day ,  that look of yours will send me from heaven to hell ,  where devils will grab me .	0
fool ,  do not flatter .	0
please ,  leave it here .	0
please, no man leave, except i alone, until antony has spoken.	0
but there the duke was given to understand that in a gondola were seen together lorenzo and his amorous jessica .	0
lie thou there.	0
the will ,  the will !	0
if you can look into the future ,  and say what will happen ,  and what will not ,  then speak to me ,  who doesn’t beg or is afraid of your favors or your hateful spells .	0
delay this marriage for a month, a week; or if you do not, make the bridal bed in that dim monument where tybalt lies.	0
be you and i behind an arras then; mark the encounter.	0
morton is fled to richmond ,  and buckingham ,  backed with the hardy welshmen ,  is in the field ,  and still his power increaseth .	0
how sweet is love itself possess'd ,  when but love's shadows are so rich in joy !	0
it’s shameful ,  and we have to make some changes right away .	0
carthage ?	0
it is merely a lust of the blood and a permission of the will .	0
once we have covered the two servants with blood ,  and used their daggers to kill ,  won’t people believe that they were the culprits ?	0
the fair ophelia!	0
if he won’t stop when he’s told to ,  then he isn’t one of the prince’s subjects .	0
then sweno, norwegian king, wanted a treaty; we would not agree to the burial of his men until he paid us, at saint colme's island, ten thousand dollars to our general use.	0
two things provided more: that for this favor he presently become a christian; the other ,  that he do record a gift here in the court ,  of all he dies possessed ,  unto his son lorenzo and his daughter .	0
i would my horse had the speed of your tongue and so good a continuer .	0
statilius showed the torchlight ,  but ,  my lord ,  he didn’t come back .	0
hear me with patience .	0
it’s not good for your health ,  either .	0
she’s still at the monastery ,  kneeling and praying for a happy marriage .	0
his bark is stoutly timber'd, and his pilot of very expert and approved allowance; therefore my hopes, not surfeited to death, stand in bold cure.	0
i ,  gentle mistress .	0
well ,  my good lord .	0
good love, call him back.	0
on ,  to the field !	0
for your broken shin.	0
a hearty laugh .	0
damn it all to hell !	0
dear love ,  goodbye !	0
who's there ?	0
it’s falling into place.	0
no doubt ,  my lord .	0
why, what, kinsman!	0
i think it is very sultry and hot for my complexion .	0
you will pretend to be a schoolmaster and offer to teach the girl .	0
how did all this happen ?	0
besides ,  there is no king ,  be his cause never so spotless ,  if it come to the arbitrament of swords ,  can try it out with all unspotted soldiers .	0
i’ve only done my duty .	0
your loyalty ,  as mine to you .	0
i saw bassanio and antonio part: bassanio told him, he would make some speed of his return; he answer'd—do not so, slubber not business for my sake, bassanio, but stay the very riping of the time; and for the jew's bond, which he hath of me, let it not enter in your mind of love: be merry; and employ your chiefest thoughts to courtship, and such fair ostents of love, as shall conveniently become you there: and even there, his eye being big with tears, turning his face, he put his hand behind him, and, with affection wondrous sensible, he wrung bassanio's hand, and so they parted.	0
why ?	0
and welcome ,  welcome !	0
dost thou mock me?	0
how can it be?	0
make her amends ,  she weeps .	0
into the air, and what seem'd corporal melted as breath into the wind.	0
will he tell us what this show meant?	0
if we are like you in the rest ,  we’ll resemble you in that .	0
the wind sits in the best part of your sail, and the ship waits for you.	0
hold off thy hand!	0
lechery ,  sir ,  it provokes and unprovokes .	0
what is your will that i shall do with this ?	0
it would follow from this that the cat should stay home .	0
i can’t remember there being another like it.	0
it was a brute part of him to kill so capital a stupid fellow there.	0
alas ,  he faints !	0
my countrymen— peace !	0
i’d like to get to know you better ,  mr .  cobweb .	0
where is duncan's body ?	0
hold ,  take this letter .	0
yes ,  he is dead .	0
of so high and plenteous wit and invention!	0
true ,  madam .	0
it is the false stew- ard, that stole his master's daughter.	0
most absolute lord ,  my mistress cleopatra sent me to thee .	0
this shepherd boy reminds me quite vividly of my daughter .	0
it may be ,  it certainly may be .	0
and to hell with drowning yourself !	0
the general and his wife are talking of it ,  and she speaks for you stoutly .	0
did you, by indirect and forced methods, subdue and poison this young maid's affections?	0
dear lady ,  welcome home .	0
you ,  roderigo !	0
with one little toss of his head ,  he can scare you off for good .	0
my banquet is to close our stomachs up ,  after our great good cheer .	0
were of an age.	0
no more moving ?	0
no ,  sir .	0
i have a daughter ,  sir ,  called katherina .	0
titinius' face is upward .	0
and may ,  through all the world !	0
my lord ,  you used to like me .	0
please ,  do me this one favor: find out what i’ve done to offend this knight .	0
sweet lord, if your lordship were at leisure, i should impart a thing to you from his majesty.	0
then senseless priam ,  seeming to feel this blow ,  flaming at his top stoops to his base ,  and ,  with a hideous crash ,  cuts off prisoner pyrrhus' ear .	0
she will beshrew me much that romeo hath had no notice of these accidents; but i will write again to mantua, and keep her at my cell till romeo come— poor living corse, clos'd in a dead man's tomb!	0
kind gentlemen ,  your pains are registered where every day i turn the leaf to read them .	0
take it off and throw it on the ground .	0
oh ,  withered is the garland of the war .	0
a tailor made thee .	0
oh ,  cassio ,  where did you get this ?	0
her	0
and for his dreams ,  i wonder he’s so simple to trust the mock'ry of unquiet slumbers .	0
o monstrous world !	0
what is that noise?	0
it’s certain .	0
besides ,  i like you not .	0
send the necklace to her ,  or send me with a token that will authorize her to pay me .	0
you gave us the counterfeit fairly last night.	0
quiet ,  there !	0
o banquo, banquo!	0
yet brutus says he was ambitious, and sure he is an honorable man.	0
do you find your patience so predominant in your nature, that you can let this go?	0
by god's sonties ,  'twill be a hard way to hit .	0
nay ,  i’ll go with thee ,  cheek by jowl .	0
before i would say i would drown myself for the love of a chicken, i would exchange my humanity with a baboon.	0
he does hear me, and that he does i weep; myself am naples, who with mine eyes, never since at ebb, beheld the king my father wrecked.	0
that thing you speak of ,  i took it for a man .	0
oh ,  was she so ?	0
speak .	0
his affections do not that way tend; nor what he spake, though it lack'd form a little, was not like madness.	0
it might, my lord.	0
divinity of hell !	0
i shall take it ,  sir .	0
he is or ta'en or slain.	0
how now ?	0
my tears shall be spent ,  when theirs are dry ,  for romeo's banishment .	0
the fault ,  dear brutus ,  is not in our stars but in ourselves ,  that we are underlings .	0
the french are still fighting .	0
i thank you, master.	0
pour in sow's blood that hath eaten her nine farrow; grease that's sweaten from the murderer's gibbet throw into the flame.	0
a turn or two i’ll walk to still my beating mind .	0
when truth kills truth ,  o devilish - holy fray !	0
sweet phoebe ,  have pity on me .	0
a plague upon you all !	0
never, my lord.	0
what then ?	0
well then ,  if ever i thank any man ,  i’ll thank you .	0
go away !	0
what think you on ’t ?	0
prithee ,  tonight lay on my bed my wedding sheets .	0
oh ,  are you really !	0
day has broken .	0
i have o'ershot myself to tell you of it .	0
where is this sight?	0
that’s why he hates me .	0
here comes the messenger with your niece .	0
how do you do ,  sir .	0
i have a reasonable good ear in music.	0
i do beseech you to understand my purposes aright .	0
do so .	0
go away now and in the morning meet me in the pit by the river in hell .	0
but i' faith ,  i should have been a woman by right .	0
i prithee ,  tell me who is it quickly ,  and speak apace .	0
cried he ?	0
the count claudio will marry leonato’s daughter .	0
tis better as it is.	0
as i am an honest man, i thought you had received some bodily wound; there is more sense in that than in reputa- tion.	0
get me some poison, iago, this night.	0
chopped logic !	0
why ,  this is a more exquisite song than the other .	0
if the devil had such a beautiful house as his body ,  then good things would fight to live in it .	0
miscreant !	0
more than you wish for us waits in your royal walks, your board, your bed!	0
pay attention to metellus cimber .	0
there lies the man slain by young romeo, that killed your kinsman, brave mercutio.	0
greet him, elves, and do him courtesies.	0
this fellow's of exceeding honesty ,  and knows all qualities ,  with a learned spirit ,  of human dealings .	0
who was it ?	0
oh ,  the more angel she ,  and you the blacker devil !	0
damn you all !	0
this way ,  my lord; the castle's gently render'd .	0
it’s doubly wrong to cheat on your wife and then let her see the offense in your eyes .	0
don’t give him time to catch his breath .	0
depending on what we plant—weeds or lettuce ,  or one kind of herb rather than a variety ,  the garden will either be barren and useless ,  or rich and productive .	0
you may be exaggerating the risks .	0
not a whit .	0
wear thou thy wrongs; the title is affeer'd .	0
sweet desdemona !	0
what ,  are you busy ,  hello ?	0
o, most wicked speed, to travel with such quickness to incestuous sheets!	0
how now, my headstrong?	0
fifteen years !	0
none ,  man: all are idle whores and rogues .	0
am i that name, iago?	0
now is the sun upon the highmost hill of this day's journey ,  and from nine till twelve is three long hours; yet she is not come .	0
who ?	0
tell me that .	0
listen, how they knock!	0
therein our letters do not well agree .	0
now you’re romeo .	0
what in the contrary?	0
and i’m like helena, until the fates kill me.	0
yes ,  but the clerk that never means to do it ,  unless he lives until he is a man .	0
it is captain macmorris ,  is it not ?	0
so ,  get ready to cut off the flesh .	0
we say that shore’s wife hath a pretty foot ,  a cherry lip ,  a bonny eye ,  a passing pleasing tongue ,  and that the queen’s kindred are made gentlefolks .	0
come ,  boy .	0
have you scored me?	0
one ?	0
and ,  see your wife is with him .	0
when this advice is free i give and honest ,  probal to thinking and indeed the course to win the moor again ?	0
aside to ariel] bravely, my diligence.	0
god bless you ,  bottom ,  god bless you .	0
of them i have much to tell thee.	0
all that i have to say, is to tell you that the lantern is the moon; i, the man in the moon; this thorn-bush, my thorn-bush; and this dog, my dog.	0
what did thy song bode, lady?	0
say ,  uncle gloucester ,  if our brother come ,  where shall we sojourn till our coronation ?	0
be good .	0
that matter is answered directly .	0
poor romeo ,  he is already dead !	0
tell me so i can be sure ,  though i swear i recognize your voice .	0
good morning ,  old sir thomas erpingham !	0
o ,  be some other name !	0
let’s meet as little as we can .	0
if swift thought break it not ,  a swifter mean shall outstrike thought ,  but thought will do ’t ,  i feel .	0
is ’t possible ?	0
listen to antony .	0
what is a traitor ?	0
there you are lucky too .	0
and let us swear our resolution .	0
too old to be engag'd to young.	0
if thou read this ,  o caesar ,  thou mayst live .	0
methinks i see thee ,  now thou art below ,  as one dead in the bottom of a tomb .	0
anyone who says you’re a man must not notice how young you are .	0
in sadness ,  cousin ,  i do love a woman .	0
here's a farmer that hanged himself on th’ expectation of plenty .	0
o ,  had the gods done so ,  i had not now worthily termed them merciless to us .	0
how oddly thou reply'st !	0
good lads, how do ye both?	0
i shouldn’t make you do your duty past your strength; i know young bloods look for time of rest .	0
damn that dirty black coalminer of a devil !	0
oh ,  horrible ,  oh ,  horrible ,  most horrible !	0
let him be for a bit .	0
not on thy sole ,  but on thy soul ,  harsh jew ,  thou makest thy knife keen .	0
no more talk about my father; you’ll be whipped for slander one of these days .	0
up .	0
find out who did it !	0
how ,  how ,  cordelia ?	0
if thou would have such a one ,  take me .	0
come ,  some music !	0
well ,  sir ,  get you in .	0
isn’t it monstrous that this actor here, only in a play, in a dream of passion, could force his soul so to his own actions that his grew pale from the words of the speech, tears in his eyes, separation from reality in his face, a broken voice, and his whole function matching forms to his role?	0
why do we wrap the gen- tleman in our more rawer breath?	0
and stand indebted, over and above, in love and service to you forever.	0
messala, this is my birthday; cassius was born on this very day.	0
i marvel cambio comes not all this while .	0
as i did sleep under this yew tree here ,  i dreamt my master and another fought ,  and that my master slew him .	0
i mean ,  the matter that you read ,  my lord .	0
if you’re joining together to right these wrongs ,  i’ll go as far as any one of you .	0
blow ,  till thou burst thy wind ,  if room enough !	0
farewell .	0
so was i when your highness banished him .	0
but thine doth fry .	0
he’s furious because you insulted him ,  and he has a right to satisfaction .	0
go ,  bid the huntsmen wake them with their horns .	0
he really plays well .	0
a fig !	0
let the doors be shut upon him, that he may play the fool nowhere but in's own house.	0
look lively, look lively, my good men!	0
pray you ,  if it be ,  give it me ,  for i am slow of study .	0
set it by a while .	0
oh ,  noble prince ,  i can tell you everything about the unfortunate circumstances of this deadly fight .	0
when caesar was alive ,  even he wouldn’t dare anger me like this .	0
who is there ?	0
come ,  shall we about it ?	0
intelligence is given where you are hid .	0
i figure that once he’s crippled me ,  i’ll beg by showing off my beatings .	0
came they not by you?	0
ne'er pull your hat upon your brows; give sorrow words .	0
upon my power i may dismiss this court ,  unless bellario ,  a learnèd doctor ,  whom i have sent for to determine this ,  come here today .	0
what did you say, my dear nurse?	0
that of an hour's age doth hiss the speaker; each minute teems a new one.	0
hail!	0
but montague is bound as well as i ,  in penalty alike; and 'tis not hard ,  i think ,  for men so old as we to keep the peace .	0
is she a capulet ?	0
now they work for me .	0
show your slaves how mad you are ,  and make your servants tremble .	0
i almost recognize that voice .	0
no ,  my lord .	0
come, gentle night; come, loving, black-browed night, give me my romeo; and, when he shall die, take him and cut him out in little stars, and he will make the face of heaven so fine that all the world will be in love with night, and pay no worship to the glaring sun.	0
help ,  help ,  oh ,  help !	0
how does my good lord hamlet?	0
but where is kate ?	0
to have a stupid wife .	0
why do you spit at me ?	0
oh ,  sad day !	0
what shall we hear of this ?	0
but i'll be hang'd ,  sir ,  if he wear your livery .	0
whither are they vanish'd ?	0
that handkerchief did an egyptian to my mother give; she was a charmer, and could almost read the thoughts of people.	0
a dog ,  a rat ,  a mouse ,  a cat ,  to scratch a man to death !	0
i hope now thou art not drowned.	0
amen to that ,  sweet powers !	0
for hamlet and the trifling of his favor ,  hold it a fashion and a toy in blood ,  a violet in the youth of primy nature ,  forward ,  not permanent ,  sweet ,  not lasting ,  the perfume and suppliance of a minute .	0
maybe you will find a husband without a beard .	0
then hadst thou had an excellent head of hair .	0
it faded on the crowing of the cock.	0
i never knew a florentine more kind and honest.	0
blow, wind!	0
in the same figure ,  like the king that's dead .	0
lorenzo ,  that’s for sure ,  and i’m also sure you’re my love—who else do i love so much ?	0
so you may put a man in your belly .	0
there’s no crab - apple here ,  so don’t look sour .	0
may be the letter moved him; for, as i think, they do command him home, deputing cassio in his government.	0
gentle mercutio, put thy rapier up.	0
don’t move until the signal.	0
i certainly will ,  sir .	0
with this marriage ,  all the petty jealousies that now seem huge ,  and all the great fears that are dangerous in themselves ,  would disappear .	0
well ,  get out of here then !	0
cure her of that .	0
this was a way to thrive, and he was blest; and thrift is blessing, if men steal it not.	0
i warrant something from venice .	0
away ,  then !	0
you ,  nick bottom ,  are set down for pyramus .	0
o lord ,  i could have stayed here all the night to hear good counsel .	0
i think he will carry this island home in his pocket and give it his son for an apple .	0
you make me want to agree with the philosopher pythagoras that animal souls are reincarnated in human bodies .	0
peace !	0
my lord ,  we were sent for .	0
can you make no use of your discontent ?	0
the one i'll slay ,  the other slayeth me .	0
goodbye, cicero.	0
no.	0
fine, ok!	0
what then ?	0
i reign in my resolution and begin to doubt the lie of the fiend that lies the same as telling the truth .	0
but i promise you ,  kate: the older i grow the better i’ll look .	0
titinius, if you love me, mount my horse and hide your spurs in him, until he has brought you up to the troops over there and back here again that i may rest assured whether the troops over there are friend or enemy.	0
it doth so, holy sir; and there's my master, one that you love.	0
helena ,  it’s not true .	0
these are portents ,  but yet i hope ,  i hope they do not point on me .	0
oh ,  grief has transformed me since the last time you saw me .	0
must i observe you ?	0
a messenger from the galleys.	0
where love is great ,  the littlest doubts are fear; where little fears grow great ,  great love grows there .	0
i dare no longer stay .	0
thy grace shall have it .	0
do you think that i’m no stronger than my sex, being so fathered and so married?	0
how came these things to pass ?	0
do you recognize the handwriting ?	0
tonight ,  i will throw writings in his windows ,  all tending to the great opinion that rome holds his name ,  by several different hands ,  as if they came from several citizens ,  in these writings ,  i will analyze ,  although obscurely ,  caesar's ambition .	0
i beg you ,  strato ,  stay by me .	0
did you confer with him ?	0
i will bite my thumb at them ,  which is a disgrace to them ,  if they bear it .	0
my lord ,  most humbly on bended knee i beg you to grant me the leading of the vanguard .	0
canst thou remember a time before we came unto this cell ?	0
i have forgotten why i called you back .	0
let lucius and titinius guard our door .	0
i’m cinna the poet; i’m cinna the poet .	0
to show our simple skill ,  that is the true beginning of our end .	0
how does your honor ?	0
ay, let her rot, and perish, and be damned tonight, for she shall not live.	0
poor heart ,  adieu .	0
what are you then determinèd to do ?	0
good night ,  lieutenant .	0
no ,  some of it is about my child’s father .	0
and so ,  his knell is knolled .	0
yes ,  i’m sure he will—to stay with you .	0
may your sword be victorious and everything you do succeed .	0
i think this country is so kind that if it weren’t for	0
what do you think of me ?	0
indeed ,  sweet love ,  i was coming to your house .	0
tongue nor heart cannot conceive nor name thee.	0
is there anything else to say?	0
no ,  that’s not true .	0
she speaks, but she says nothing.	0
be silent.	0
goodly lord, what a wit-snapper are you!	0
thou sing’st sweet music .	0
or if you haven’t broken away from human company ,  as my feelings now lead me to do ,  you haven’t loved .	0
go ,  fetch me something: i’ll break ope the gate .	0
have you never heard the saying, two may keep counsel, putting the other one away?	0
why are you doing this ?	0
though far more cause ,  yet much less spirit to curse abides in me .	0
i must go attend caesar .	0
procreation is a good thing ,  but if your daughter gets pregnant … look out ,  friend .	0
was the hope you dressed yourself in drunk?	0
as long as an average person might count to a hundred.	0
caesar ,  i will .	0
since the light of my life has gone out ,  i’ll stop here .	0
seest not ?	0
goodbye.	0
i am not stephano ,  but a cramp .	0
i pardon him, with all my heart; and yet no man like him makes my heart so sad.	0
if he were dead ,  you’d weep for him .	0
there’s no way to read a man’s mind by looking at his face .	0
your eyes look like they’ve sunk into your head .	0
so you thought him, and took his voice who should be prick'd to die in our black sentence and proscription.	0
when it’s all over, you only look at an empty stool.	0
he’s a traitor .	0
oh !	0
there’s still a spot here .	0
he’s left them to you and to your heirs forever—public pleasures in which you will be able to stroll and relax .	0
let him approach .	0
and whoever lives to see that day will walk with his feet .	0
ay ,  but not rough enough .	0
i fear there will a worse come in his place.	0
look ,  my cousin is whispering to claudio that she loves him .	0
come ,  bird ,  come .	0
but how ?	0
kiss him for that ,  good widow .	0
this is the very passion of love whose violent property kills itself ,  and leads the will to desperate undertakings as often as any passion under heaven that afflicts our natures .	0
you can’t force me any more than hermia can beg me .	0
she is protectress of her honor too .	0
and look ,  where publius is come to fetch me .	0
ay ,  you did wish that i would make her turn .	0
will you ,  strato ?	0
please wait ,  sir .	0
set on your foot ,  and with a heart new - fired i follow you ,  to do i know not what; but it sufficeth that brutus leads me on .	0
i thank thee, master.	0
o, good my lord, i would speak a word with you!	0
consider how young you are ,  and question your feelings .	0
what !	0
i hope so; i was not born to die on brutus' sword.	0
yes ,  my good lord .	0
their shadows seem a canopy most fatal ,  under which our army lies ,  ready to give up the ghost .	0
look to ’t ,  i charge you .	0
i am ,  my lord ,  as well derived as he ,  as well possess'd; my love is more than his; my fortunes every way as fairly rank'd ,  if not with vantage ,  as demetrius'; and ,  which is more than all these boasts can be ,  i am belov'd of beauteous hermia .	0
nothing can be made out of nothing .	0
what should such fellows as i do crawling between earth and heaven?	0
i'll swear on that bottle to be your true subject, because that liquor is not earthly.	0
if she gave you as much lip as she gives me ,  you’d be sick of her by now .	0
was he pale or red ?	0
if you’re a virgin ,  you’ll answer this question .	0
not i, believe me.	0
i tell thee ,  churlish priest ,  a ministering angel shall my sister be when thou liest howling .	0
thy luster thickens when he shines by .	0
dear ,  they durst not ,  so dear the love my people bore me ,  nor set a mark so bloody on the business ,  but with colors fairer painted their foul ends .	0
come hither ,  captain .	0
what is this spirit that looks like the son of a king and wears a crown on his young head ?	0
i’ll write out a detailed inventory of my beauty and label every part .	0
why, jessica!	0
draw ,  you rogue ,  or i’ll so carbonado your shanks .	0
our wars are over .	0
i have an interest in your hate's proceeding ,  my blood for your rude brawls lies there bleeding; but i'll punish you with so strong a fine that you shall all repent my loss .	0
i am not cinna the conspirator.	0
romeo !	0
i tell you it is not very well .	0
gods and goddesses ,  all the whole synod of them !	0
it looks better in a king than his own crown looks on him .	0
if i had written it down on paper, i would tear the word from the page.	0
hath your grace ne'er a brother like you ?	0
what says he of our marriage ?	0
to answer that, i should confess to you.	0
call in the messengers sent from the dauphin .	0
is thy master stirring ?	0
she’s not even fourteen .	0
go, girl, seek happy nights to happy days.	0
do ,  do .	0
arm myself ?	0
romeo !	0
i’m the man who was born to tame you and change you from a wildcat kate into a kate as gentle and domestic as other household kates .	0
tis vile, unless it may be quaintly ordered, and better, in my mind, not undertook.	0
there is not enough leek to swear by .	0
how now ,  lorenzo ?	0
oh ,   master ,  master ,  look !	0
i am maimed forever .	0
all blessed secrets ,  all you unpublished virtues of the earth ,  spring with my tears .	0
why of thy thought ,  iago ?	0
thou hast described a hot friend cooling .	0
god speed fair helena!	0
do you see nothing there ?	0
nay, i beseech you, sir, be not out with me; yet, if you be out, sir, i can mend you.	0
only in the world i fill up a place which may be better supplied when i have made it empty .	0
where’s antony ?	0
i will do so .	0
you are welcome ,  gentlemen !	0
they give such comfort as lusty young men feel when spring appears with all the flowers and warmth after a long, cold winter, even such delight among fresh female flower buds shall you this night find at my house; hear all, all see, and like her most whose worth shall be the most.	0
your games?	0
we still have hope .	0
you’re not going anywhere .	0
but you, o you, so perfect and so peerless, are created of every creature's best!	0
let them be well used; for they are the abstract and brief chronicles of the time .	0
god gives you one face ,  but you paint another on top of it .	0
did you ne'er hear say ,  two may keep counsel ,  putting one away ?	0
i ,  not remembering how i cried out then ,  will cry it o'er again .	0
now i will believe that there are unicorns, that in arabia there is one tree, the phoenix’ throne, one phoenix at this hour reigning there.	0
the players cannot keep counsel; they'll tell all.	0
what should a man do but be merry ?	0
don’t i have a reason to be angry ,  you disobedient hags ?	0
that light is not daylight, i just know it.	0
here come the conspirators .	0
let’s see .	0
what a change this is!	0
sir, i lack advancement.	0
the wind is right and it’s high tide ,  and i’ve delayed him a long time already .	0
can you love the gentleman ?	0
indeed ,  i never shall be satisfied with romeo ,  till i behold him—dead— is my poor heart for a kinsman vexed .	0
nothing .	0
quickly, quickly, please, draw the curtain right away; the prince of aragon has taken his oath, and comes to make his choice now.	0
who is here so vile that will not love his country ?	0
what handkerchief?	0
are you he ?	0
i never gave him any token of romantic love .	0
what, can’t hear me?	0
a contract of true love to celebrate; and some donation freely to estate on the blest lovers .	0
my fairy lord, this must be done very quickly, because night is quickly coming to an end; and over there is the first hint of morning sunlight, which, when it is seen by ghosts wandering here and there, they all troop home to the graveyards.	0
the cords that romeo bid thee fetch ?	0
no ,  no ,  by god’s good grace ,  his son shall reign .	0
i do entreat your grace to pardon me.	0
what a thrice - double ass was i ,  to take this drunkard for a god and worship this dull fool !	0
tell us ,  old egeon: are you the man who once had a wife named emilia ,  who gave birth to two fair sons ?	0
and so the lion vanished .	0
then appurtenance of welcome is fashion and ceremony.	0
if it be so, how little is the cost i have bestow'd, in purchasing the semblance of my soul from out the state of hellish cruelty!	0
you have seen nothing ,  then ?	0
if you are so fond over her iniquity ,  give her patent to offend ,  for ,  if it touch not you ,  it comes near nobody .	0
give me a goblet . —hamlet ,  this pearl’s yours .	0
o excellent motion !	0
oh ,  but she is wise .	0
no, sir.	0
i’ll help you to a horse .	0
i would have thrown away all other considerations and made her my wife .	0
killing swine .	0
he was also shocked to learn that on the same day you fought the rebels you also fought against the army of norway ,  and that you weren’t the least bit afraid of death ,  even as you killed everyone around you .	0
i accept it freely, and will play this brother's wager honestly.	0
his father ,  though i say ’t ,  is an honest exceeding poor man and ,  god be thanked ,  well to live .	0
stop it ,  marcellus !	0
dear me !	0
we will.	0
who keeps her company ?	0
can you do that ?	0
throw medicine to the dogs, i'll have none of it.	0
think so ,  iago ?	0
demetrius ,  i’m ready to fight you as promised .	0
i’m not marvelous ,  sir ,  but i’m certainly a maiden .	0
our arms ,  which can be strong and cruel ,  and our hearts ,  filled with brotherly love ,  embrace you with kind love ,  good thoughts ,  and reverence .	0
farewell .	0
yes ,  if you dare to do yourself a profit and a right .	0
prithee, come; will you?	0
have some surgeon nearby, shylock, on your responsibility, to stop his wounds, so that he won’t bleed to death.	0
he always loved our sister most ,  and with what poor judgment he hath now cast her off appears too grossly .	0
then he is dead?	0
she did show favor to the youth in your sight only to exasperate you ,  to awake your dormouse valor ,  to put fire in your heart and brimstone in your liver .	0
i’ll have his heart ,  if he defaults; because ,  if he were out of business in venice ,  i can make whatever deals i want to .	0
sit down for a while ,  and we’ll tell you again the story you don’t want to believe ,  about what we’ve seen two nights now .	0
go find him ,  please ,  and bring him to my tent .	0
well, happiness to their sheets!	0
and he challenged you to a duel ?	0
the object of poison’s sight; let it be hidden .	0
my master's a very jew.	0
this love that thou hast shown doth add more grief to too much of mine own.	0
i’ll think over what you’ve said ,  i’ll listen patiently to whatever else you have to say ,  and i’ll find a good time for us to discuss further such weighty matters .	0
i, measuring his affections by my own, which then most sought where most might not be found, being one too many by my weary self— pursu'd my humour, not pursuing his, and gladly shunn'd who gladly fled from me.	0
why ,  don’t you see it ?	0
peace ,  oh !	0
i’ll hear brutus speak.	0
you’re lucky ,  my lord ,  to be able to see the peace and sweetness even in what bad luck has brought you .	0
ay ,  but not frighted me .	0
why do you speak so startingly and rash ?	0
be patient till the last .	0
my father’s love is enough to honor him .	0
in few ,  ophelia ,  do not believe his vows; for they are brokers ,  not of that dye which their investments show ,  but mere implorators of unholy suits ,  breathing like sanctified and pious bonds ,  the better to beguile .	0
she is herself a dowry .	0
o woeful, woeful, woeful day!	0
but come on ,  let’s see you do your dance .	0
you are welcome here .	0
i never saw you before in my life .	0
art thou so bare and full of wretchedness ,  and fear’st to die ?	0
good morrow ,  father .	0
lead the way.	0
sola ,  sola !	0
she was too fond of her most filthy bargain.	0
his faults were equally matched by his virtues .	0
now ,  unto thy bones good night !	0
get me out of here !	0
why, the one that the moor first gave to desdemona; the one that you asked me so often to steal.	0
now ,  where it is beastly forgetfulness ,  or some defeated principle of thinking too much on the event ,  a thought which ,  cut in quarters ,  has but one part wisdom and always three parts coward ,  i don’t know why i am still live to say  “ this thing's to do ,   “  since i have cause ,  and will ,  and strength ,  and means to do it .	0
in some bush ?	0
these good fellows will bring you to where i am.	0
but is he often like this ?	0
what do you mean ?	0
maybe until after theseus’s wedding day .	0
you are like one of these fellows that ,  when he enters the bar ,  throws his sword upon the table ,  and says  ” god ,  i don’t want to use you !  ”  and by the time he’s drunk the second cup draws the sword on the table ,  when ,  indeed ,  there is no need .	0
if any ,  speak—for him have i offended .	0
or else love is blind ,  and its best time is the night .	0
when in your motion you are hot and dry— as make your bouts more violent to that end— and that he calls for drink, i'll have prepared him a chalice for the nonce; whereon but sipping, if he by chance escape your venom'd stuck, our purpose may hold there.	0
yes, but i’m afraid you speak out of torture, where men will say anything.	0
fare you well .	0
and i, for winking at you, discords too, have lost a brace of kinsmen.	0
come on; in this transaction, there can be no fear; my ships come home a month before the due date.	0
but this place is too cold for hell .	0
o, what a beast was i to chide at him!	0
i can see a church by daylight .	0
who ?	0
there was ,  for a while ,  no money paid for debate unless the poet and the player fought over the question .	0
i muse why she’s at liberty .	0
how is the queen ?	0
what follows, then, my lord?	0
she was of carthage ,  not of tunis .	0
the violence of either grief or joy destroys their own keeping of them with themselves .	0
what is it ?	0
tell me ,  good my friend ,  what torch is over there that wastes giving his light to grubs and eyeless skulls ?	0
how 'gree you now?	0
methinks it sounds a parley to provocation .	0
come ,  knock and enter; and ,  as soon as we get in ,  every man start running .	0
know you where you are ,  sir ?	0
you were the prettiest baby i ever nursed .	0
unlawfully ?	0
and do still ,  by these pickers and stealers .	0
you know how young my daughter is .	0
good reasons must of force give place to better.	0
then i could stop wondering ,  and find some other career .	0
stay'd it long?	0
romeo will answer it.	0
my lord ,  hamlet’s going to his mother’s room .	0
what if she is black and witty ?	0
here is more of us .	0
come ,  sit thee down upon this flowery bed ,  while i thy amiable cheeks do coy ,  and stick musk - roses in thy sleek smooth head ,  and kiss thy fair large ears ,  my gentle joy .	0
thou liest ,  malignant thing !	0
ready, so please your grace.	0
what's done is done.	0
arrest him: he’s a friend of the duke of alençon’s .	0
o spartan dog, more fell than anguish, hunger, or the sea!	0
i did.	0
i headed toward him ,  but he saw me coming and hid in the woods .	0
that’s it .	0
head to foot now is he total gules ,  horridly trick'd with blood of fathers ,  mothers ,  daughters ,  sons .	0
but well .	0
sweet remembrancer !	0
oh ,  i am slain !	0
away ,  make haste .	0
why, stay, and listen to me speak.	0
that's the dog's name .	0
pray god, your voice, like a an unused gold coin, can’t be cracked within the ring.	0
o ,  damn you ,  slanderer !	0
wait ,  petruchio ,  i should go with you .	0
o, their bones, their bones!	0
one that old frederick ,  your father ,  loves .	0
o dear father ,  it is thy business that i go about .	0
and this is what you told me he said: that he beat you and pretended his house wasn’t his and i wasn’t his wife .	0
but where have you been ?	0
these violent delights have violent ends, and in their triumph die, like fire and powder, which, as they kiss, consume each other.	0
as good a reason as any .	0
make haste ,  lest mine be about your ears ere it be out .	0
yet but three?	0
a pound of human flesh taken isn’t even as valuable as a pound of mutton or beef .	0
it must be your imagination then ,  and not theirs .	0
if there be truth in sight ,  you are my daughter .	0
it was a brute part of him to kill so capital a calf there.	0
ay, that i will; and i'll be wise hereafter, and seek for grace.	0
my own flesh and blood to rebel!	0
my fate cries out ,  and makes each petty artery in this body as hardy as the nemean lion's nerve .	0
dead, dead?	0
your fate awaits you .	0
no boasting like a fool; this deed i'll do before this purpose cool.	0
and i am another one, so weary with disasters, so unlucky, that i gamble my life on any chance i can get, either to make it better or end it.	0
what ,  did caesar swound ?	0
live, and be prosperous, and, farewell, good fellow.	0
but in my terms of honour i stand aloof, and will no reconcilement till by some elder masters of known honour i have a voice and precedent of peace to keep my name ungor'd.	0
but is he often thus?	0
i had rather break mine own .	0
my lord !	0
how oddly he is dressed!	0
ingratitude ,  thou marble - hearted fiend ,  more hideous when thou show’st thee in a child than the sea monster .	0
o ,  in the duke of gloucester’s purse .	0
i'll go to him; he is hidden at lawrence' cell .	0
how sweet is love itself possessed when but love’s shadows are so rich in joy !	0
nay ,  good lieutenant !	0
prepare yourselves ,  generals .	0
how is ’t with me when every noise appals me ?	0
i don’t see any thisbe .	0
thou didst promise to bate me a full year .	0
go find him .	0
who shall prevent you from it ?	0
what, ho!	0
come ,  father ,  i’ll leave you at a friend’s house .	0
i told him what i thought; and told no more than what he himself discovered was right and true .	0
very pleased to meet you ,  my lord .	0
well, god have mercy.	0
isn’t that the king ?	0
we are not going to have enough food .	0
why bother with them ?	0
what ,  wilt thou hear some music ,  my sweet love ?	0
and more i beg not .	0
metellus cimber ?	0
treason!	0
god forbid that i should interrupt religion!	0
you’d better bring the messenger safely through the lines so he can return .	0
in troth ,  i think thou wouldst not .	0
o ,  teach me how i should forget to think !	0
i’ll observe his looks ,  i’ll watch his every move .	0
marry ,  heaven forbid !	0
examples, as obvious as dirt, urge me.	0
the general and his wife are talking about it now ,  and she’s defending you strongly .	0
damn that crazy madman !	0
by this scimitar that slew the sophy and a persian prince that won three fields of sultan solyman ,  i would o'erstare the sternest eyes that look ,  outbrave the heart most daring on the earth ,  pluck the young sucking cubs from the she - bear ,  yea ,  mock the lion when he roars for prey ,  to win the lady .	0
i’m no more insane than you are ,  and i’ll prove it .	0
then say good - bye to me and tell me those tears were for my benefit .	0
any obstacle or barrier to claudio’s happiness will be like medicine to me .	0
the skies ,  the fountains ,  every region near seemed all one mutual cry .	0
o rome ,  i promise you ,  if revenge follows ,  you will receive everything you ask for at the hand of brutus !	0
on him, on him!	0
look you lay home to him.	0
murder!	0
what’s your highness’ pleasure ?	0
a pound of man's flesh, taken from a man, is not so valuable, or profitable either, as flesh of mutton, beef, or goat.	0
i doubt not of your wisdom .	0
i remember the plan .	0
wait a minute ,  jew .	0
the villany you teach me i will execute; and it shall go hard but i will better the instruction.	0
i do not like your faults.	0
whether you bite to kill ,  mastiff ,  greyhound ,  or ugly mutt ,	0
do ,  i prithee ,  but yet have the grace to consider that tears do not become a man .	0
to baptista minola’s house .	0
go ,  nurse ,  go with her .	0
he's a traitor .	0
i speak but as i find .	0
i embrace it .	0
how did you come here, tell me, and why?	0
that’s like hot ice and wondrous strange snow .	0
blow the trumpets .	0
what you say is true .	0
good fool ,  as ever thou wilt deserve well at my hand ,  help me to a candle ,  and pen ,  ink ,  and paper .	0
my ears have yet not drunk a hundred words of that tongue's utterance, yet i know the sound.	0
even if i have to die—as they threaten—i have to help the king .	0
where’s dolabella ,  to second proculeius ?	0
first go with me to church and marry me ,  and then go away to venice to your friend; because you shall never lie by portia's side with an uneasy soul .	0
or should i say it’s her uncle ?	0
hurry: you know where i’ll wait for you .	0
dat it not be de custom pour les ladies of france—i cannot tell vat is  to kiss .	0
where the bee sucks, there suck i: in a cowslip's bell i lie; there i couch when owls do cry.	0
she will not .	0
caesar’s knave will bring him a message for us .	0
some good men carry him carefully from here; i'll fetch the general's surgeon .	0
if you hope to have your sins forgiven by christ’s dear blood ,  which he shed for our terrible sins ,  you must leave and keep your hands off me .	0
thou may'st ,  i warrant we shall have old swearing ,  that they did give the rings away to men; but we'll outface them ,  and outswear them too .	0
i'll make you quiet; what!—cheerly, my hearts!	0
i didn’t.	0
nothing but death shall stay me.	0
i escaped upon a butt of sack which the sailors heaved o'erboard—by this bottle ,  which i made of the bark of a tree with mine own hands since i was cast ashore .	0
perchance she cannot meet him .	0
or tuesday noon or at night ,  or wednesday morning .	0
let me the curtains draw.	0
murder !	0
i hope now you aren’t drowned .	0
how’s our cousin hamlet ?	0
now, how do you look now?	0
here's a small trifle of wives: alas, fifteen wives is nothing; aleven widows and nine maids, is a simple coming-in for one man: and then, to 'scape drowning thrice; and to be in peril of my life with the edge of a feather bed; here are simple 'scapes!	0
if he love caesar, all that he can do is to himself, take thought and die for caesar.	0
draws.	0
would he were fatter !	0
then that’s the way it may turn out .	0
friends to this ground.	0
you should know i’ve earned a thousand gold pieces from don john .	0
our army shall in solemn show attend this funeral ,  and then to rome .	0
no .	0
he’s almost slain ,  and roderigo dead .	0
and ,  if your wife is not a madwoman ,  and knows how much i have deserved this ring ,  she would not hold out in being your enemy forever for giving it to me .	0
or just a foretaste of it ?	0
come one, woman!	0
he knows that you embrace not antony as you did love ,  but as you feared him .	0
i’ll be with thee straight .	0
really ,  madam ,  i hear nothing .	0
to bed ,  to bed !	0
you seem a little depressed about this .	0
i took him sleeping—that is finished too— and the athenian woman by his side ,  that ,  when he waked ,  of force she must be eyed .	0
baptista is a noble gentleman—one to whom my father is not completely unknown—and lovely as his daughter is ,  she is entitled to any number of suitors—myself among them .	0
call claudius and some other of my men, i'll have them sleep on cushions in my tent.	0
marry ,  that should you if i were your mistress ,  or i should think my honesty ranker than my wit .	0
by god ,  my lord ,  well spoken ,  with good accent and good judgment .	0
how say you ,  cassio ?	0
my most exquisite sir topas !	0
where do you come from ,  sir ?	0
i knew what you would prove .	0
o you weed, who are so lovely beautiful, and smell so sweet, that the sense aches at you, i wish you had never been born!	0
while that the armèd hand doth fight abroad ,  th' advisèd head defends itself at home .	0
is not tomorrow, boy, the ides of march?	0
will you be having dinner with her tonight ?	0
no ,  i say it is very contemptible ,  and begin to find myself fooled by it .	0
i’ll follow you .	0
blab my nonsense !	0
delighted to stay ?	0
oh ,  they continually urged the king to do it .	0
who shall stay you ?	0
yes ,  i remember .	0
aren’t you listening to me speak?	0
this is a horrible sight .	0
you could just as easily say that a king sleeps near a beggar if the beggar lives near him ,  or that the church is supported by your drum because it  “ stands by ”  your drum .	0
that cannot be; since i am still possess'd of those effects for which i did the murder— my crown, mine own ambition, and my queen.	0
lives he ?	0
marry ,  it is your brother’s right hand .	0
nay ,  that's true ,  that's very true .	0
o ,  how my heart hates to hear his name ,  and i can’t present myself to him ,  to vent the love i had for my cousin tybalt upon the body of the man that has slaughtered him !	0
he is now as valiant as hercules that only tells a lie and swears it .	0
i’ll make myself invisible, and i eavesdrop on their conversation.	0
why should that name be sounded any more than yours?	0
father ,  what’s the news ?	0
how foolish do your fears seem now, calpurnia!	0
i durst not ?	0
i'll have thee speak out the rest of this soon .	0
will they stop pursuing the stage when they can no longer sing?	0
i durst, my lord, to wager she is honest, lay down my soul at stake.	0
your loves ,  as mine to you .	0
open ,  locks ,  whoever knocks .	0
would i had met my dearest foe in heaven or ever i had seen that day ,  horatio .	0
dove - feathered raven ,  wolvish - ravening lamb !	0
you may be rightly just ,  whatever i shall think .	0
he deserves a beautiful wife more than all the other men i’ve ever seen .	0
they flatter me .	0
with a doctor’s help he might recover and become an ass again .	0
tis well consented .	0
i had it of him: pardon me, bassanio: for by this ring the doctor lay with me.	0
thanks ,  rosencrantz and gentle guildenstern .	0
what’s the matter ?	0
did i not tell you she was innocent ?	0
i wish there was less social pressure to drink .	0
i urged you further; then you scratch'd your head, and too impatiently stamp'd with your foot.	0
but ships are only boards of wood, sailors only men; there are land-rats and water rats, land-thieves and water-thieves,—i mean pirates,—and then there is the peril of waters, winds, and rocks.	0
let’s go, we’re leaving; our party-crashing is done.	0
and what’s your connection with the traitors who landed in our kingdom recently ?	0
lysander !	0
i’ll tell thee how beatrice praised thy wit he other day .	0
yet if thou say antony lives ,  is well ,  or friends with caesar ,  or not captive to him ,  i’ll set thee in a shower of gold and hail rich pearls upon thee .	0
the old guy .	0
no; we shall ne'er win at that sport ,  and stake down .	0
please go ,  sir .	0
for god’s sake ,  sir ,  you’ve been robbed .	0
cassio not killed!	0
i’m losing this duel of wits .	0
what would you undertake to show yourself your father's son in deed more than in words?	0
they are here about the court, and, as i think, they have already order this night to play before him.	0
good gentlemen ,  cut him some slack ,  and keep his attentions on these delights .	0
well .	0
what do you mean ?	0
let’s go ,  and ,  with a clear eye ,  compare her face with some others that i shall show you ,  and i will make you think your swan is a crow .	0
good peter, to hide her face, for her fan has the fairer face.	0
i am a fool to cry at what i am happy about.	0
he is the brooch indeed and gem of all the nation .	0
then did they imitate that which i composed to my courser ,  for my horse is my mistress .	0
oh ,  my fortunes have corrupted honest men !	0
rage on ,  blow !	0
you have seen cruel proof of this man’s strength .	0
tell him so yourself ,  and see how he will take it from you .	0
heaven bless the isle of cyprus and our noble general othello !	0
i don’t like the way he’s acting ,  and it’s not safe for me to let his insanity get out of control .	0
oh cassius ,  i’m tired out by many sorrows .	0
what a brazen - faced varlet art thou to deny thou knowest me !	0
but i have known people who sleepwalked and weren’t guilty of anything .	0
yes ,  my good lord .	0
run to the capulets .	0
first ,  i must tell thee this: desdemona is directly in love with him .	0
the son and heir of old tiberio.	0
i have time for you now ,  my sad daughter .	0
i was told so, but i will send.	0
farewell ,  everyone .	0
doors ,  open up for whoever is knocking !	0
come on; we'll visit caliban my slave ,  who never yields us kind answer .	0
by your patience ,  i needs must rest me .	0
have at thee ,  coward !	0
avaunt !	0
did ever dragon keep so fair a cave?	0
my life is my foe's debt .	0
judging from his appearance ,  i bet he can tell us the latest news about the revolt .	0
and in the morning i’ll take you to your ship and we’ll sail to naples ,  where i hope to see this loving couple married .	0
but till that time i do receive your offer'd love like love, and will not wrong it.	0
it is here!	0
how ?	0
we'll hear a play to-morrow.	0
let’s do so, because we are on trial, and surrounded by many enemies, and some that have smiles in their hearts, i’m afraid, are capable of millions of evil deeds.	0
pluck down benches .	0
well ,  susan is with god; she was too good for me .	0
tell me .	0
your graces are right welcome .	0
piteous predicament!	0
good sir, why are you startled, and seem afraid of things that sound so beautiful?	0
not proud you have ,  but thankful that you have .	0
i spoke with some of the sailors that escaped the wrack .	0
no stony tower ,  no walls of beaten brass ,  no airless dungeon ,  no strong chains of iron can hold the strength of the spirit; but life ,  tired of these worldly bars ,  never lacks the power to kill itself .	0
an unauthorized kiss.	0
my services that i have done for the signiory shall out-shout his complaints.	0
and long live you to think so !	0
we have two hours to get ready .	0
it’s mine ,  sir .	0
hold off the earth awhile till i have caught her once more in mine arms .	0
then gave i her, according to my craft with herbs, a sleeping potion; which took effect as i intended, for it made her seem dead.	0
a challenge ,  on my life .	0
o rude unthankfulness !	0
good morning ,  father .	0
but yet i’ll go in hate to feed upon the prodigal christian . —jessica ,  my girl ,  look to my house .	0
methinks it is like a weasel .	0
you haven’t been conquered .	0
sir, very carefully.	0
you sound out of tune .	0
now watch him; he begins to speak again.	0
no ,  heavens forfend ,  i would not kill thy soul !	0
and stand indebted ,  over and above ,  in love and service to you evermore .	0
i will o’ertake thee ,  cleopatra ,  and weep for my pardon .	0
being unprepared, our wishes became the servants to what we lacked, which has worked out very well.	0
retire we to our chamber.	0
what’s he that speaks for edmund ,  earl of gloucester ?	0
govern these ventages with your fingers and thumbs, give it breath with your mouth, and it will discourse most eloquent music.	0
i do beseech your lordship ,  call her back .	0
there’s nothing to fear in him .	0
why ,  sir ,  i brought you word an hour since that the bark  the fellow is distract ,  and so am i ,  and here we wander in illusions .	0
if ever you were yourself, and these woes yours, you and these woes were all for rosaline.	0
the object of poison’s sight; let it be hidden.	0
well ,  what worst ?	0
you must go to parthia .	0
none, brutus, none.	0
calphurnia here ,  my wife ,  stays me at home .	0
her eye must be fed, and what joy will she have to look on the devil?	0
your heart is burst ,  you have lost half your soul .	0
first ,  i must tell thee this: desdemona is directly in love with him .	0
but for your words ,  they rob the hybla bees and leave them honeyless .	0
our general put us early like this for the love of his desdemona, whom we won’t blame.	0
here comes the man: give the present to him, father; because i am a jew, if i serve the jew any longer.	0
where's your master ?	0
god bless you for being here .	0
can anything be made of this ?	0
yes; here i brought it for him into the court; yes ,  twice the sum; if that is not enough ,  i’ll swear to pay it ten times over on penalty of the loss of my hands ,  my head ,  my heart; if this is not enough ,  it must seem that evil wins over truth .	0
why ,  uncle ,  it’s a shame .	0
prithee bear some charity to my wit .	0
talk to him again ,  and he’ll like you again .	0
what's happened, that such a hideous trumpet calls to summon the sleepers of the house?	0
he tells me ,  my sweet queen ,  he has found the head and source of all your son's unhappiness .	0
the consequence is ,  then ,  thy jealous fits have scared thy husband from the use of wits .	0
why?	0
it beckons you to go away with it, as if it some impartment did desire to you alone.	0
murder !	0
i wonder if the lion is going to speak.	0
tis a point of wisdom .	0
you should ask me what time o' day .	0
i have a head ,  sir ,  that will find out where the logs are ,  i don’t have to bother peter .	0
here’s the head of that notorious traitor ,  the dangerous and unsuspected hastings .	0
shame on you ,  you slanderer !	0
come this way ,  my lord .	0
tis very strange .	0
honest, my lord?	0
balm his foul head in warm distilled waters and burn sweet wood to make the lodging sweet .	0
am i that name ,  iago ?	0
let me see .	0
scale of dragon ,  tooth of wolf ,  witch's mummy ,  maw and gulf of the ravin'd salt - sea shark ,  root of hemlock digg'd i’ the dark ,  liver of blaspheming jew ,  gall of goat and slips of yew sliver'd in the moon's eclipse ,  nose of turk and tartar's lips ,  finger of birth - strangled babe ditch - deliver'd by a drab ,  make the gruel thick and slab .	0
why are you leading these men through the streets ?	0
you make me study of that: she was of carthage, not of tunis.	0
i fear it, i promise you.	0
how tragic !	0
oh ,  so light a foot will ne'er wear out the everlasting flint .	0
i remember a lot ,  but nothing clearly ,  a quarrel ,  but not why .	0
leave us .	0
now ,  though ,  in all of rome ,  there’s room for only one man .	0
you might have a great opportunity to give it to him right now .	0
forgive me ,  darling rosalind .	0
think about it .	0
six or seven thousand is their utmost power .	0
oh ,  heaven have mercy on me !	0
bassanio ,  lord love ,  if it is your will !	0
the greatest note of it is his melancholy .	0
i will unto venice to buy apparel 'gainst the wedding day .	0
do you look pale, mistress?	0
if you will take a homely man's advice, don’t be found here, here, with your little ones.	0
but i prattle something too wildly ,  and my father's precepts i therein do forget .	0
but woo her ,  gentle paris ,  get her heart .	0
and here my mistress .	0
neither to you nor any one, having no witness to confirm my speech.	0
judge ,  o you gods ,  how dearly caesar loved him !	0
or is it some trick and no such thing ?	0
tell her that i ,  her king ,  am her lowly subject .	0
take me by the hand and say ,   “ harry of england ,  i am yours .  ”  no sooner shall i hear that word than i will tell you straight out ,   “ england is yours ,  ireland is yours ,  france is yours ,  and harry plantagenet	0
take this .	0
that would i ,  were i of all kingdoms king .	0
thank you .	0
i am dead ,  horatio .	0
imagine ,  when we talk of horses ,  that you see them planting their proud hooves in the soft earth .	0
the emperor calls canidius .	0
groan ?	0
become a better	0
hail, king of scotland!	0
o, i am slain!	0
can you tell me whether one launcelot ,  who lives with him ,  lives with him or not ?	0
if he be not born to be hanged, our case is miserable.	0
o son, the night before your wedding day death has slept with your bride.	0
eyes ,  look your last !	0
if any bark put forth ,  come to the mart ,  where i will walk till thou return to me .	0
here’s goodly gear .	0
he can report ,  as seemeth by his plight ,  of the revolt the newest state .	0
the harlot's cheek ,  beautied with plastering art ,  is not more ugly to the thing that helps it than is my deed to my most painted word .	0
drown'd, drown'd.	0
give me the cups; and let the kettle to the trumpet speak, the trumpet to the cannoneer without, the cannons to the heavens, the heaven to earth, ‘now the king drinks to hamlet.’ come, begin.	0
from now on ,  take care of your messages yourself .	0
have you played me ?	0
oh ,  dispatch me !	0
fine apparition!	0
we look for you tomorrow .	0
me ,  marry her ?	0
have you scored me ?	0
you can’t judge me based on what i do tonight .	0
of a strange nature is the suit you follow ,  yet in such rule that the venetian law cannot impugn you as you do proceed . —   ay ,  so he says .	0
for michael cassio, i would swear i think that he is honest.	0
what ,  art thou hurt ?	0
remember me .	0
hello ,  mortal !	0
whence come you ?	0
i did that to him .	0
besides ,  his cottage ,  his flocks ,  and his grazing rights are on sale now ,  and since he’s not there ,  there’s nothing to eat at our house .	0
i don’t know.	0
how can you say these things, for shame, titania, give me a little more credit than that with hippolyta, knowing i know all about your love for theseus?	0
mr .  antonio send you his regards .	0
he were a brave monster indeed ,  if they were set in his tail .	0
i don’t know ,  ”  he said ,   “ any house ,  wife ,  or mistress .  ”  my message ,  which was supposed to be delivered with my mouth ,  ended up being carried back home by my shoulders .	0
and if your love can produce something from its sadness ,  write a poem for her; hang it on her grave and sing it to her bones .	0
where's your father ?	0
we three are married ,  but you two are defeated .	0
that makes us kinder, to give them thanks for nothing.	0
alas, iago, my lord has accused her of being a prostitute, thrown such angry and horrible words at her, as true hearts cannot bear.	0
well ,  shylock ,  shall we be beholden to you ?	0
you are too hot.	0
so were their daggers ,  which we found on their pillows ,  unwiped .	0
what  “ quality ”  ?	0
i assure you ,  carthage .	0
but soft!	0
when evil is dominant ,  death soon kills the body like cancer .	0
everyone knows that when you pour a drink out of a cup and into a glass ,  the cup becomes empty .	0
where do you live?	0
i am sure ,  sweet kate ,  this kindness merits thanks .	0
with all my heart ,  good youth .	0
you know that i held epicurus strong and his opinion .	0
whither am i going ?	0
tybalt would kill thee, but thou slewest tybalt.	0
for none neither.	0
you shall be free .	0
how is it that the clouds still hang on you ?	0
oh ,  tybalt ,  tybalt ,  he was the best friend i had .	0
i see that you are here ,  but i’d like you to go there and then come back again .	0
to every article.	0
who you are and what you would are out of my welkin ,  i might say  “ element ,  ”  but the word is overworn .	0
tis a match .	0
i can confirm that all these shocking things are true .	0
dian's bud o'er cupid's flower hath such force and blessed power .	0
the gods make this a happy day to antony !	0
do not swear at all; or if thou wilt ,  swear by thy gracious self ,  which is the god of my idolatry ,  and i'll believe thee .	0
may god be at your table .	0
my husband !	0
this ,  this .	0
a tanner will last you nine year .	0
well ,  all’s one for that .	0
you aren’t wood ,  you aren’t stones—you’re men .	0
to me ,  it is a prison .	0
heavens thank you for it !	0
iago ,  look with care about the town ,  and silence those whom this vile brawl distracted .	0
an illicit kiss !	0
why do you speak so faintly?	0
down, therefore, and beg mercy of the duke.	0
i stretch it out for that word  “ broad ,  ”  which added to the goose ,  proves you far and wide a broad goose .	0
he doesn’t do a thing but frown ,  as someone would say ,   “ if you will not have me ,  choose .  ”  he hears happy tales and doesn’t smile: i’m afraid he will probably be the weeping philosopher when he grows old ,  being so full of rude sadness in his youth .	0
repent not you that you shall lose your friend ,  and he repents not that he pays your debt; for ,  if the jew do cut but deep enough ,  i'll pay it instantly with all my heart .	0
you are too like the spirit of banquo .	0
leah gave it to me before we were married .	0
how is hamlet?	0
don’t you care about me ?	0
trust me, sweet, out of this silence yet i picked a welcome; and in the modesty of fearful duty i read as much as from the rattling tongue of saucy and audacious eloquence.	0
villain ,  thou liest; for even her very words didst thou deliver to me on the mart .	0
my way is now to hie home to his house and tell his wife that ,  being lunatic ,  he rushed into my house and took perforce my ring away .	0
i beg you not to push my speech to grosser issues or to reach beyond mere suspicion .	0
must i endure all this ?	0
vouchsafe ,  divine perfection of a woman ,  of these supposèd crimes to give me leave by circumstance but to acquit myself .	0
i don’t think so .	0
please ,  peace .	0
all my reports go with the modest truth ,  nor more ,  nor clipped ,  but so .	0
is it not monstrous that this player here ,  but in a fiction ,  in a dream of passion ,  could force his soul so to his own conceit that from her working all his visage wann'd ,  tears in his eyes ,  distraction in's aspect ,  a broken voice ,  and his whole function suiting with forms to his conceit ?	0
beshrew me but i love her heartily .	0
draw thy tool !	0
even for that i thank you .	0
my poor heart is so aggravated for a kinsman, madam, that if you could only find a man to bear a poison, i would help to mix it, so that romeo should, when he gets it, soon sleep in quiet.	0
now tell me how long you intend to keep her .	0
nay ,  press not so upon me ,  stand far off .	0
o, hardness to dissemble!	0
hello ,  tubal .	0
against my brother lucius ?	0
i give him curses ,  but he gives me love .	0
why, thou loss upon loss!	0
villainous whore !	0
can you buy them with money ?	0
bind him ,  i say .	0
o ,  let her live ,  and i’ll corrupt her manners ,  stain her beauty ,  slander myself as false to edward’s bed ,  throw over her the veil of infamy .	0
the love that follows us sometimes is our trouble ,  which are still grateful for as love .	0
no ,  he doth but mistake the truth totally .	0
the mayor and all his brethren in best sort ,  like to the senators of th' antique rome ,  with the plebeians swarming at their heels ,  go forth and fetch their conquering caesar in— as ,  by a lower but loving likelihood ,	0
no, no, he is dead, go to your death-bed, he never will come again.	0
our size of sorrow ,  proportioned to our cause ,  must be as great as that which makes it .	0
i’m not .	0
she’d laugh me right out of my body and kill me with her wit .	0
what can he say about this?	0
or ,  if thou wilt ,  swear by thy gracious self ,  which is the god of my idolatry ,  and i’ll believe thee .	0
be my witness ,  oh you blessed moon .	0
have you come by night ,  and stolen my love's heart from him ?	0
i pray you .	0
is this the prince’s brother ?	0
god pardon them that are the cause thereof .	0
think ,  my lord ?	0
and does it wake up now, hung over from what it so freely committed to?	0
it shall be done .	0
the younger rises when the old doth fall .	0
should we part ,  sweet girl ?	0
if i could add a lie to a fault, i would deny it; but you see my finger hasn’t got the ring on it; it is gone.	0
good friends, go in and taste some wine with me, and we like friends will straightway go together.	0
for these fellows of infinite tongue ,  that can rhyme themselves into ladies' favors ,  they do always reason themselves out again .	0
john duke of norfolk ,  walter lord ferrers ,  sir robert brakenbury ,  and sir william brandon .	0
what’s done is done .	0
i am sorry for thee; thou art come to answer a stony adversary ,  an inhuman wretch uncapable of pity ,  void and empty from any dram of mercy .	0
my back on the other side, o, my back, my back!	0
no ,  our general’s infatuation is out of control .	0
o heavens forfend!	0
that has made him crazy .	0
beautiful portia's picture !	0
look with what courteous action it waves you to a more private ground.	0
i promise you your relatives have made my eyes water before now.	0
then you can direct me to him you delivered them for.	0
take away this fool ,  gentlemen .	0
he is wise ,  and ,  on my life ,  hath stol'n him home to bed .	0
boy, this walking away shall not excuse the injuries that you have done to me; therefore, turn and draw your sword.	0
alack ,  what trouble was i then to you !	0
it’s too late .	0
you listen: your romeo will be here at night.	0
from this time forward, do your messages yourself.	0
i doubt some danger does approach you nearly.	0
let her not walk i' th' sun .	0
i’ll fight every one of these devils if i have to ,  one at a time .	0
his son was but a ward two years ago .	0
i will preach to thee .	0
it’s a subject as worthy of endless discussion as the changing sea .	0
the poet's eye, rolling in a fine frenzy, glances from heaven to earth, from earth to heaven; and as imagination sends out the forms of things unknown, the poet's pen turns them to shapes, and gives a local place and a name to airy nothing.	0
therefore, use none.	0
a good and virtuous nature may recoil in an imperial charge.	0
where else should his eyes be ,  if not in his head ?	0
speak to him .	0
it is not meet you know how caesar loved you .	0
i’ll recite something for you ,  guy .	0
what ,  just because they kissed in private ?	0
our forces are ready for them .	0
your sword on a woman ?	0
get him to bed and make sure his wounds are treated .	0
your name ,  sir ,  truly .	0
i’m done ,  my lord .	0
wherefore did you so ?	0
but there’s more work .	0
what are these things ,  my lord antonio ?	0
the cold wind’s still blowing through the hawthorn tree .	0
i’m not going to be bothered by you for long .	0
go to ,  they are not men o' their words .	0
get up ,  i say .	0
i don’t think it’s a good idea.	0
shouldn’t she just accept that ?	0
is it possible ?	0
and ,  i'll warrant her ,  full of game .	0
every man is on his own for all the rest ,  and let no man take care for himself ,  because all is only fortune . —coragio !	0
i’ve said what i have to say .	0
if this were true ,  then should i know this secret .	0
dolabella !	0
did you say with cassio ?	0
what devil art thou that dost torment me thus?	0
arm'd, say you?	0
the mighty gods defend thee !	0
word is that richmond is the navy’s admiral .	0
she will not come .	0
i could do it easily now .	0
the other girl did not love me .	0
in caesar’s fleet are those that often have ’gainst pompey fought .	0
let him be the devil ,  an he will ,  i care not .	0
o piteous spectacle !	0
come here ,  sir seacole .	0
he’s written you a letter .	0
yea ,  signior ,  and depart when you bid me .	0
you shall ,  mark antony .	0
your wives ,  your daughters ,  your matrons ,  and your maids could not fill up the cistern of my lust ,  and my desire all continent impediments would o'erbear that did oppose my will .	0
she will indite him to some supper.	0
i’m not feeling well—that’s all .	0
tis not to make me jealous to say my wife is fair, feeds well, loves company, is free of speech, sings, plays, and dances well; where virtue is, these are more virtuous.	0
and yet ,  by the very fangs of malice i swear ,  i am not that i play .	0
stop the burial a while, until i hold her once more in mine arms.	0
she told her ,  that ,  while she kept it ,  it would make her sweet and soften my father entirely to her love; but if she lost it or made a gift of it ,  my father's eye should see her as hateful ,  and his spirits should hunt after new loves .	0
you didn’t arrive like caesar’s sister .	0
i wander everywhere faster than the moon revolves around the earth .	0
good morning ,  catesby .	0
did i ,  charmian ,  ever love caesar so ?	0
by the god jupiter above ,  i swear  “ no .  ”  by jupiter’s wife juno ,  i swear  “ yes .  ”  they wouldn’t dare .	0
here i’ll rest until daybreak.	0
it’s not okay !	0
what, removed?	0
when we’re by ourselves you can call me  “ tranio .  ”  everywhere else ,  address me as your master lucentio .	0
who is most inward with the noble duke ?	0
this bond doth give thee here no jot of blood .	0
ah ,  dear juliet ,  why art thou yet so fair ?	0
why should calamity be full of words ?	0
i will discharge it in either your straw - color beard ,  your orange - tawny beard ,  your purple - in - grain beard ,  or your french crown - color beard ,  your perfect yellow .	0
the egyptian snake is born when the sun shines on the nile mud ,  just like the crocodile .	0
as for this slave ,  iago ,  if we can think of any torture that will hurt him a lot but keep him alive a long time ,  he’ll have it .	0
see ,  my women ,  against the blown rose may they stop their nose ,  that kneeled unto the buds . —admit him ,  sir .	0
that’s him .	0
she hath forsworn to love, and in that vow do i live dead that live to tell it now.	0
and when i have my meed ,  i will away ,  for this will out ,  and then i must not stay .	0
i'll to my book ,  for yet ere supper - time must i perform much business appertaining .	0
my services, which i have done the signiory, shall out-tongue his complaints.	0
let our just censures attend the true event ,  and put we on industrious soldiership .	0
i will plague them all ,  even to roaring .	0
be collected .	0
i didn’t think i would see you here .	0
these lying down and these lowly courtesies might move ordinary men ,  and turn previous laws and the first decree into the laws of children .	0
home, you idle creatures, get you home.	0
yes, my good lord.	0
fair love ,  you faint with wandering in the wood; and ,  to speak troth ,  i have forgot our way; we'll rest us ,  hermia ,  if you think it good ,  and tarry for the comfort of the day .	0
there is no written in this news that makes them believable .	0
therefore he hates me .	0
so ,  so .	0
thou torturest me ,  tubal: it was my turquoise: i had it of leah ,  when i was a bachelor: i would not have given it for a wilderness of monkeys .	0
you shall hear me .	0
let’s not talk about it .	0
love’s heralds should be thoughts ,  which ten times faster glide than the sun’s beams ,  driving back shadows over louring hills .	0
the higher nilus swells the more it promises .	0
and when goes hence ?	0
count claudio ?	0
god shield i should disturb devotion!	0
her eye must be fed ,  and what joy will she have to look on the devil ?	0
for various reasons that must remain secret ,  please do this for me .	0
he’s dead .	0
no !	0
my good lord ,  what is your cause of your problem ?	0
this tempest will not give me leave to ponder on things would hurt me more .	0
o my beautiful warrior !	0
let me work .	0
o child!	0
it is a nipping and an eager air .	0
did you talk with him ?	0
you lack a man’s heart .	0
do not presume too much upon my love; i may do that i shall be sorry for.	0
it is now high dinner time ,  and the night is being wasted .	0
this lion is a very fox ,  for his valor .	0
you must say ‘paragon . ’ a paramour is—god bless us ! —a thing of naught .	0
what the problem should be ,  more than his father's death that has put him so much from the understanding of himself ,  i cannot dream of .	0
a pound of man’s flesh taken from a man is not so estimable ,  profitable neither ,  as flesh of muttons ,  beefs ,  or goats .	0
you call this a scale ?	0
that's a fair thought to lie between maids' legs .	0
it doesn’t matter; don’t let the statues be hung with caesar's trophies.	0
you know ,  he got me in trouble with the lady of the house once when i arranged a bear - baiting here .	0
my lord ,  good morning .	0
wednesday is to-morrow.	0
he is no less than a stuffed man .	0
give me some help .	0
he deserves only honor ,  complete honor .	0
how much low peasantry would then be gleaned from the true seed of honor !	0
no ,  kate ?	0
and now they’re both gone .	0
beyond imagination is the wrong that she this day hath shameless thrown on me .	0
our force by land hath nobly held .	0
the count is neither sad ,  nor sick ,  nor merry ,  nor well ,  but civil count ,  civil as an orange ,  and something of that jealous complexion .	0
tell me .	0
round enough to be unattractive .	0
get fuel for us and you had better be quick about answering the other business.	0
tis the curse of service ,  preferment goes by letter and affection ,  and not by old gradation ,  where each second stood heir to the first .	0
certainly my conscience will serve me to run from this jew ,  my master .	0
i have never seen a day that is so disgustingly filthy and beautiful.	0
would you do such a deed for all the world ?	0
wine loved i deeply ,  dice dearly ,  and in woman outparamoured the turk .	0
no doubt it will ,  my liege ,  if each man does his best .	0
have you come by night, and stolen my love's heart from him?	0
well ,  i will be so much a sinner ,  to be a double - dealer .	0
meaning, to good manners?	0
what will you do ?	0
i'll call upon you straight .	0
give me thy torch ,  boy .	0
and i know that unless the law intervenes ,  it’ll be bad news for poor antonio .	0
in such a night, did thisbe fearfully o'ertrip the dew, and saw the lion's shadow ere himself, and ran dismay'd away.	0
this is some cat's gift ,  and i must take out the work ?	0
what are you ?	0
and rosencrantz !	0
i was a fine fool to take it .	0
do you love me ?	0
no ,  my lord .	0
how chances it they travel?	0
the devil speaks in him .	0
haply i see a friend will save my life and pay the sum that may deliver me .	0
how chance the king comes with so small a train ?	0
o for shame !	0
caesar has sent— too slow a messenger .	0
you brazen whore !	0
don’t, my lord.	0
peace, i have done.	0
i'll follow, stephano.	0
saint francis be my speed !	0
love wrought these miracles .	0
well ,  happiness to their sheets !	0
what’s thy pleasure ?	0
for this relief much thanks .	0
he's gone, he's kill'd, he's dead!	0
oh ,  no ,  he’s surely not in hell .	0
it would be good she were spoken with, because she may scatter dangerous ideas in rude minds.	0
alack the day !	0
i am so much a fool ,  should i stay longer it would be my disgrace and your discomfort .	0
we'll wait for your lordship .	0
where’s potpan ,  that he helps not to take away ?	0
what happened ,  sir ?	0
it is the most difficult to understand dog that ever stayed with men .	0
i don’t think there’s a man under the sun who’s worse at hiding his love or hate than richard .	0
i’ll copy the embroidery pattern and then give it to iago .	0
i mean that my heart unto yours is knit so that but one heart we can make of it .	0
if you will please show us so much gentry and goodwill as to spend your time with us a while ,  to help us find out what is troubling him ,  your visit shall receive such thanks as only a king can give .	0
it cannot be.	0
oh why ,  nature ,  did you make lions ?	0
no doubt ,  for you wear too many in the first place ,  and it might be more seemly to make do with fewer .	0
so ,  in god’s name ,  let’s march .	0
i know a lady in venice would have walked barefoot to palestine for a touch of his nether lip .	0
what villain ,  madam ?	0
for me, three thousand dollars.	0
woo’t thou fight well ?	0
that’s better than exaggerating our trust .	0
go seek him there .	0
looks it not like the king?	0
but i’ll see you soon .	0
at nine in the morning, we'll meet here again.	0
the other motive, why i couldn’t go to a public court, is the great love the people of this country have for him, who, dipping all his faults in their affection, would, like the spring that turn wood to stone, convert his crimes to graces, so that my actions, not at all popular with the masses, would have reflected badly on me, and not be taken as i intended them.	0
she is indeed perfection.	0
ay ,  forsooth .	0
i will confess to you that i love him .	0
my duty cannot suffer to obey in all your daughters' hard commands .	0
but i can -  not choose but weep ,  to think they would lay him i' the cold ground .	0
hark ,  boy !	0
come ,  come .	0
is not this man jealous ?	0
you’re absolutely right .	0
who must hang them?	0
can god be so jealous and hateful ?	0
that i am guiltless of your father's death, and am most sensibly in grief for it, it shall as level to your judgment pierce as day does to your eye.	0
why had i not with charitable hand took up a beggar’s issue at my gates ,  who ,  smirchèd thus ,  and mired with infamy ,  i might have said ,   “ no part of it is mine; this shame derives itself from unknown loins ”  ?	0
if you don’t want to ,  then good riddance .	0
because you, most wicked sir, whom to call brother would even infect my mouth, i forgive your worst fault, all of them, and require my dukedom from you, which i know you must restore to me by necessity.	0
is there more toil ?	0
with naught but truth .	0
you'll be the man !	0
god bless me from a challenge !	0
oh ,  will you ,  a dark - natured man ,  leave me ?	0
he sends to know if your pleasure hold to play with laertes ,  or that you will take longer time .	0
her mood will needs be pitied .	0
the juice of it on sleeping eye - lids laid will make or man or woman madly dote upon the next live creature that it sees .	0
my master’s a total jew .	0
out of my sight !	0
there’s still a stain on your cheek from an old tear that hasn’t been washed off yet .	0
losers always leave quickly .	0
turn up on your right hand at the next turning, but, at the next turning of all, on your left; damn it, at the very next turning, turn of no hand, but turn down indirectly to the jew's house.	0
come ,  my lord .	0
where shall we meet i' the morning ?	0
or art thou but a dagger of the mind ,  a false creation ,  proceeding from the heat - oppressed brain ?	0
if he were dead ,  what would betide on me ?	0
but what talk i of this ?	0
i wish that no one but me might avenge my cousin's death !	0
for the poor wren ,  the most diminutive of birds ,  will fight ,  her young ones in her nest ,  against the owl .	0
why seek'st thou me ?	0
and be all traitors that do so ?	0
they will steal anything and call it purchase .	0
damned fact!	0
dear father ,  if you caused this terrible storm with your magic powers ,  please put an end to it .	0
good-night, good doctor.	0
if this had not been a gentlewoman, she should have been buried out o' christian burial.	0
i owe you nothing until i receive the necklace .	0
tis just ,  and it is very much lamented ,  brutus ,  that you have no such mirrors as will turn your hidden worthiness into your eye that you might see your shadow .	0
yes ,  indeed ,  bring them before me .	0
one.	0
your bedroom .	0
o bosom black as death!	0
the hell with him ,  jack !	0
portia ,  are you really gone ?	0
anon comes one with light to ope the tomb; and by - and - by my master drew on him; and then i ran away to call the watch .	0
if you call me jephthah, my lord, i have a daughter that i love passing well.	0
true ,  sir .	0
poor tom has been scared out of his mind .	0
tell me again ,  where did you leave those lowlifes ?	0
here comes my man .	0
how did she get out ?	0
well said, old mole!	0
the play's the thing wherein i’ll see the conscience of the king.	0
if you are already slain and not by me, my wife and children's ghosts will still haunt me.	0
my father capulet wants it that way; and i won’t do anything to stop him from being so hasty .	0
an adulterer's a monster and a beast .	0
he is a gentleman of a good house ,  and for his ransom he will give you two hundred crowns .	0
if ’twere not she ,  i cannot tell who told me .	0
peace ,  oh !	0
love give me strength !	0
what did northumberland say about richmond ?	0
but fathers that bear bags  shall see their children kind .	0
how many ,  as you guess ?	0
hey, hey!	0
yes ,  my lord .	0
here he comes back .	0
bring in more wine !	0
my stomach’s a little upset .	0
exit romeo.	0
and ,  gentle puck ,  take this transformed scalp from off the head of this athenian swain ,  that he awaking when the other do may all to athens back again repair ,  and think no more of this night's accidents but as the fierce vexation of a dream .	0
i tell you ,  man ,  it’s better for me ,  too ,  than the last time we met here .	0
true is it that we have seen better days and have with holy bell been knolled to church ,  and sat at good men’s feasts and wiped our eyes of drops that sacred pity hath engendered .	0
the sun will not appear today .	0
from fife ,  great king ,  where the norweyan banners flout the sky and fan our people cold .	0
we have not yet set the coronation day .	0
get your costumes together; good strings to your beards, new ribbons to your shoes; meet presently at the palace; every man look over his part; for the short and the long of it is, they want to see our play.	0
that duke who lives nearby is courting her .	0
get thee hence .	0
as i neglected practical matters ,  being totally dedicated to solitude and to improving my mind with subjects more valuable than most people imagine ,  i was so shut away from the world that i unwittingly stirred up evil wishes in my disloyal brother .	0
i protest i love thee .	0
how are you ,  my pretty bianca ?	0
indeed ?	0
i’ll take the banner from a trumpeter and use that .	0
let’s proceed .	0
good night .	0
what villain ,  madam ?	0
where should i fly?	0
quiet ,  you stupid fool .	0
no ,  by the rood ,  not so !	0
you have done a deed, i don’t care about your sword; i'll make you famous, although i lose twenty lives.	0
very well .	0
o ,  my fear interprets !	0
for murder ,  though it have no tongue ,  will speak with most miraculous organ .	0
at mine own house, good lady.	0
come hither ,  gentlemen ,  and lay your hands again upon my sword .	0
what, now?	0
beware the ides of march.	0
come here ,  herald . —let the trumpet sound ! —read this out .	0
yes, yes, it was bassanio; as i think, so was he called.	0
what ,  aren’t you a christian ?	0
if you do bend ,  and pray ,  and play up to me for him ,  i reject you out of my way like a stray dog .	0
what is your will?	0
it makes me angry .	0
sin from my lips?	0
they laugh that win.	0
o ,  answer me !	0
pray you sit still .	0
father, what news?	0
it shall be so .	0
if it pleases you ,  your highness ,  why don’t you sit with us and grace us with your royal company ?	0
he knows i recognize him .	0
i prithee ,  turn aside and weep for her .	0
arm you, i pray you, to this speedy voyage; for we will fetters put upon this fear, which now goes too free-footed.	0
tis better ,  sir ,  to be brief than tedious . —let him see our commission ,  and talk no more .	0
yet poor old heart ,  he holp the heavens to rain .	0
sir ,  can you tell where he bestows himself ?	0
then heaven have mercy on me .	0
therefore stay yet .	0
oh ,  that his fault should make a knave of thee ,  that art not what th’ art sure of !	0
well ,  lead on .	0
for it is written in the book of numbers:  “ when the man dies ,  let the inheritance descend unto the daughter .  ”  gracious lord ,  claim what is yours .	0
what may this mean that thou, dead corse, again, in complete steel, revisits thus the glimpses of the moon, making night hideous, and we fools of nature so horridly to shake our disposition with thoughts beyond the reaches of our souls?	0
think’st thou i jest ?	0
i can’t hide what i am .	0
tears seven times salt ,  burn out the sense and virtue of mine eye !	0
this ’tis to feel a tale ,  not to hear a tale .	0
and then ?	0
now as for the other thing, you do remember all the circumstances?	0
here will i rest me till the break of day .	0
damn, there is no such man; it is impossible.	0
and now you throw flowers in the way if the man that comes in triumph over pompey's death ?	0
but it’s enough .	0
ride ,  ride ,  messala ,  ride ,  and give these bills to the legions on the other side .	0
corinth first .	0
my husband ,  then ?	0
bounteous madam, whatever shall become of michael cassio, he's never anything but your true servant.	0
it’s your job in life to kill the innocent ?	0
by cheshu ,  i think he will plow up all if there is not better directions .	0
but whatever sorrow can come, it cannot equal the exchange of joy that one short minute in her sight gives me.	0
all right ,  then .	0
thus i let you go and give you to the gods .	0
it must be so ,  for miracles are ceased ,  and therefore we must needs admit the means how things are perfected .	0
i’ll be right next to you .	0
no, nor more fearful.	0
he and lepidus are at caesar's house .	0
god be with you !	0
he’s running bareheaded ,  calling for the end of the world ,  out there on a night like this ,  when even savage animals ravenous with hunger crawl under cover and hide .	0
high-day, freedom!	0
i know you by the waggling of your head .	0
i wish you had won the fleece that he has lost .	0
despised ,  distressed ,  hated ,  martyred ,  killed !	0
no ,  some of it is for my child’s father .	0
but what about cicero ?	0
come ,  i’ll dispose of thee among a sisterhood of holy nuns .	0
alas, what's the matter?	0
and so have i addressed me .	0
ah ,  but there is ,  horatio ,  there’s a lot of offense .	0
how did she get that candle ?	0
impudent strumpet !	0
hide her for a while in your house ,  and tell everyone that she has ,  in fact ,  died .	0
did i say “better”?	0
how handsome it is .	0
she disgusts me ,  the little hussy !	0
my lord ,  i have .	0
cassio's a proper man.	0
i had rather be any kind o' thing than a fool .	0
call help.	0
the warships have sent a dozen messages tonight ,  one after the other ,  and many of the senators have been awakened and are at the duke’s already .	0
o day !	0
what’s up ,  catesby ,  what does your master say ?	0
that ,  sir ,  which i will not report about her .	0
you’ve already stained our sheets with your lust; now i’ll stain them with your whore’s blood .	0
what ,  is he dead ?	0
on monday morning, it was true indeed.	0
out— of love ?	0
though the last time i saw him it was black from the smoke of war .	0
i had rather be a dog, and bay the moon, than such a roman.	0
so, slave: get going!	0
how is my noble lord ?	0
how did you two get separated ?	0
do you see this sweet sight ?	0
i am sorry, but heaven has decided it to be this way, to punish me with this act, and punish this act with me, that i must be their whip and whip-er.	0
yon light is not daylight ,  i know it ,  i .	0
did you say all ?	0
every fool can tell that .	0
come ,  let us to the banquet .	0
thou'rt kind.	0
it means being full of sighs and tears ,  like i am for phoebe .	0
go tell your mistress that, when my drink is ready, she should ring the bell.	0
it was the owl that shrieked ,  the fatal bellman ,  that gives even the worst dispositions a good night .	0
you’ve only insulted yourself .	0
ha ,  ha ,  ha !	0
i hear none ,  madam .	0
i am not sorry either.	0
what say you sir ?	0
come, vial.	0
what ,  the fair ophelia ?	0
take off my mistress' gown for your master’s use !	0
strumpet, i come!	0
some food we had, and some fresh water, that a noble neapolitan, gonzalo, out of his charity,—who being then appointed master of this design,—did give us; with rich garments, linens, stuffs, and necessaries, which since have steaded much; so, of his gentelness knowing i loved my books, he furnished me from mine own library with volumes that i prize above my dukedom.	0
when could they say till now that talk'd of rome that her wide walls encompass'd but one man?	0
when this wood burns ,  it’ll weep for making you tired .	0
this one to your majesty, this one to the queen.	0
the ox hath therefore stretched his yoke in vain ,  the ploughman lost his sweat ,  and the green corn hath rotted ere his youth attained a beard .	0
amen ,  amen ,  to that fair prayer say i; and then end life when i end loyalty !	0
thou liest ,  malignant thing !	0
he hates our sacred nation; and he rails, even there where merchants most do congregate, on me, my bargains, and my well-won thrift, which he calls interest.	0
in which predicament ,  i say ,  you stand; because it appears by this obvious proceeding that indirectly ,  and directly too ,  you have schemed against the very life of the defendant; and you have incurred the danger that i just read to you .	0
and for mark antony, think not of him, for he can do no more than caesar's arm when caesar's head is off.	0
on their sustaining garments not a blemish ,  but fresher than before .	0
thanks ,  i' faith; for silence is only commendable in a neat's tongue dried ,  and a maid not vendible .	0
to the boatswain] now, [to the boatswain] now, blasphemy, that swear'st grace o'erboard: not an oath on shore?	0
a truant disposition ,  good my lord .	0
oh dardanius !	0
for us ,  and for our tragedy ,  here stooping to your clemency ,  we beg your hearing patiently .	0
i think i have a great desire to a bottle of hay.	0
only i remember now that i am in this earthly world, where to do harm is often praiseworthy, to do good sometime is a dangerous mistake.	0
my boon i make it that you know me not till time and i think meet .	0
i’m sorry about what happened ,  but i’m sure everything will turn out all right .	0
marry ,  this is miching	0
think you so ?	0
quiet !	0
now i see it is true.	0
what do you think of me?	0
no .	0
but what about cicero ?	0
my lady ,  will you have a dance with me ?	0
i hope you’re right .	0
i have been feasting with my enemy; where ,  all of a sudden ,  one has wounded me that's by me also wounded .	0
he did bespeak a chain for me but had it not .	0
who is that gentleman over there?	0
the king will be offended to find out that his messenger is so badly treated .	0
but let me beg you, by the rights of our fellowship, by the harmony of our youth, by the obligation of our ever preserved love, and by anything else that could charge you to be even and direct with me, were you were sent for or not?	0
go to, woman!	0
i dreamt my lady came and found me dead (strange dream that gives a dead man leave to think!	0
i am not treacherous .	0
he and i will be there .	0
madam ,  sleeps still .	0
i have done the deed .	0
haply the seas, and countries different, with variable objects shall expel this something-settled matter in his heart, whereon his brains still beating puts him thus from fashion of himself.	0
let be .	0
she is too fair, too wise; wisely too fair, to earn her own happiness by making me despair.	0
o woeful sympathy ,  piteous predicament !	0
give me your arm .	0
i will be brief ,  for i don’t have enough breath to this tedious tale .	0
i think he really is angry .	0
who can blame him for acting crazy ,  when inside he condemns himself for everything he’s done ?	0
it’s true i’m not married ,  caesar .	0
oh ,  what better favor can i do for you than to kill the man who killed you with the same hand that made you die young .	0
that’s too long a pause over what you find there .	0
come now ,  your promise .	0
yet let me weep for such a feeling loss .	0
confess ? —handkerchief ? —o devil !	0
there's many a beast then in a populous city ,  and many a civil monster .	0
i have heard it said so.	0
tis strange ,  my theseus ,  that these lovers speak of .	0
what's his weapon ?	0
good morrow ,  brutus ,  do we trouble you ?	0
don’t believe it.	0
someone who makes a promise and breaks it .	0
come, mistress, you must tell us another tale.	0
i won’t follow him around with useless pleas anymore .	0
shall rome stand under one man's awe?	0
the baron of cawdor lives .	0
why ,  lamb !	0
i didn’t .	0
give to a gracious message an host of tongues ,  but let ill tidings tell themselves when they be felt .	0
no ,  sir ,  not at all .	0
what ,  ho !	0
o murderous slave!	0
have you sent to bottom's house?	0
o ,  horrible !	0
i shall grow jealous of you shortly ,  launcelot ,  if you thus get my wife into corners .	0
ay ,  on the front .	0
i will reward thee once for thy sprightly comfort and tenfold for thy good valor .	0
swagger ?	0
what have we here?	0
o heavenly powers !	0
what less than doomsday is the prince's doom ?	0
shame on this day!	0
do you think it is easier to play me than a pipe ?	0
for nature, crescent, does not grow alone in thews and bulk; but as this temple waxes, the inward service of the mind and soul grows wide withal.	0
good faith, how foolish are our minds!	0
hurry ,  send someone immediately !	0
you’re welcome hither .	0
with what ,  i' the name of god ?	0
o corin ,  that thou knew’st how i do love her !	0
no ,  you’ll have to excuse me .	0
o mischief, you are quick to enter into the thoughts of desperate men!	0
fairies, be gone, and be all ways away.	0
no, my lord, i saw nothing.	0
master young gentleman ,  please ,  which is the way to master jew's ?	0
oh friendly friar !	0
for who would bear the whips and scorns of time, the oppressor's wrong, the proud man's contumely, the pangs of disprized love, the law's delay, the insolence of office, and the spurns that patient merit of the unworthy takes, when he himself might his quietus make with a bare bodkin?	0
thy reason ,  dear venom ,  give thy reason .	0
disgusting !	0
what’s going on?	0
listen to me: you shall not go .	0
where did he go ?	0
o worthy stephano!	0
passing the bottle] here ,  kiss the book [gives trinculo a drink] .	0
is it his use ?	0
what was the last cry for ?	0
cousin ,  you apprehend passing shrewdly .	0
why ,  what a king is this !	0
in troth ,  i think i should ,  and undo ’t when i had done .	0
now i am alone.	0
we’re all against what caesar stands for ,  and there’s no blood in that .	0
friends ,  romans ,  countrymen ,  give me your attention .	0
thus doth he force the swords of wicked men to turn their own points in their masters' bosoms .	0
i take my leave of you .	0
my brother never did urge me in his act .	0
my dearest love, duncan comes here tonight.	0
farewell!	0
soldier ,  why wear’st thou that glove in thy cap ?	0
armed ,  sir .	0
romeo !	0
here comes his body ,  mourned by mark antony ,  who ,  although he had no hand in his death ,  shall receive the benefit of his dying ,  a place in the commonwealth ,  just as you all will .	0
i'll tell the news.	0
if we meet macbeth’s army tonight ,  let us be beaten if we cannot fight .	0
yearly will i do this rite .	0
i’ll attack you now !	0
woe to the hand that shed this costly blood !	0
alas the day ,  i never gave him reason !	0
don’t ever tell anyone what you’ve seen tonight .	0
sure ,  since beauty’s power can more easily change a good girl into a whore than the power of goodness can change a beautiful girl into a virgin .	0
it is my birthday .	0
in faith, i will.	0
i will not stay tonight for all the town .	0
dead, desdemon!	0
come, hang them on this line.	0
well ,  my lord .	0
i pray thee mark me.	0
my mind is too great for that .	0
i did so ,  and went further ,  which is now our point of second meeting .	0
what dangers would you lead me into ,  cassius ,  that you want me to search for something that i don’t have in myself ?	0
faith, i don’t know what to say.	0
he’s not wise enough to be brave .	0
god has given you one face and you make yourselves another .	0
i am not such an ass ,  but i can keep my hand dry .	0
two months since here was a gentleman of normandy— i have seen myself, and served against, the french, and they can well on horseback; but this gallant had witchcraft in't.	0
is't known who did this more than bloody deed ?	0
i should not urge thy duty past thy might .	0
god forbid !	0
one thing more rests ,  that thyself execute ,  to make one among these wooers .	0
it is the poisoned cup; it is too late.	0
in this last storm.	0
sirs ,  let ’t alone .	0
i’ll get my revenge before i leave this house .	0
o, look, titinius, look, the enemy flies!	0
brutus is wise, and, if he were not in good health, he would do something about it.	0
i believe we must leave the killing out ,  when all is done .	0
father ,  what news ?	0
the earth hath bubbles as the water has, and these are of them.	0
why ,  how now ,  kate !	0
and if they don’t find charity there ,  they find it someplace else .	0
maybe he won’t see me .	0
the brightness of her cheek would shame those stars ,  as daylight shames a lamp; her eyes in heaven would stream so brightly through the skies that birds would sing and think it was morning .	0
and died from that ?	0
therefore bear up and board 'em . —servant -  monster ,  drink to me .	0
he had no patience .	0
what are you ?	0
mine ache to think on't.	0
it’s more ,  it’s more .	0
he hath brought many captives home to rome whose ransoms did the general coffers fill .	0
have you seen him today .	0
why, what's that to you?	0
how did she become a widow ?	0
even the fiercest wild animal has some touch of pity .	0
hang him ,  foul collier !	0
may sweet repose and rest come to your heart such as that is within my breast !	0
i could live a thousand years and i wouldn’t be as ready to die as i am now .	0
no ,  my lord .	0
ay ,  in the catalogue ye go for men ,  as hounds and greyhounds ,  mongrels ,  spaniels ,  curs ,  shoughs ,  waterrugs ,  and demi - wolves are clept all by the name of dogs .	0
this is a knavery of them to make me afeard.	0
and when has he ever been known to wash his face ?	0
of all the days i' the year ,  i came to ’t that day that our last king hamlet overcame fortinbras .	0
o gods, ye gods!	0
drowned!	0
my father’s spirit in arms .	0
no, by no means.	0
i'll bring you to him .	0
i love rich capulet’s daughter .	0
they are entirely welcome.	0
you’ve already done something you should be sorry for .	0
beware the ides of march .	0
the sweetest nut has the sourest rind and rosalind is that kind of nut .	0
i will weep for nothing ,  like diana in the fountain ,  and i will do that when you are disposed to be merry .	0
about it !	0
away ,  away ,  be gone .	0
come ,  dolabella .	0
the gods do this in shame of cowardice .	0
what ,  man !	0
i thought i was ,  and i thought i had , —but a man is only a mended fool ,  if he will offer to say what i thought i had .	0
make her sterile and dry up her womb so that no baby will ever come out of her body and honor her .	0
unkindness may do much ,  and his unkindness may defeat my life ,  but never taint my love .	0
or i'll cry a match .	0
being ready is everything .	0
i met the duke yesterday and had much question with him .	0
o serpent heart, hidden by a handsome face!	0
do not swear at all; or if thou wilt, swear by thy gracious self, which is the god of my idolatry, and i'll believe thee.	0
and ,  my gracious duke ,  be it so she will not here before your grace consent to marry with demetrius ,  i beg the ancient privilege of athens: as she is mine ,  i may dispose of her; which shall be either to this gentleman or to her death ,  according to our law immediately provided in that case .	0
aside] why speaks my father so urgently ?	0
ask for me to-morrow, and you shall find me a grave man.	0
my husband lost his life to get the crown ,  and my sons' fortunes have been tossed up and down ,  leaving me to rejoice over their victories and weep over their losses .	0
come, love and health to all; then i'll sit down.	0
when should the three of us meet again ?	0
his father was called philip of macedon ,  as i take it .	0
you were one of his favorites .	0
why was i born to this keen mockery?	0
you see me standing here ,  lord bassanio .	0
some holy angel fly to the court of england ,  and unfold his message before he comes so that a swift blessing may soon return to our country that suffers under a cursed hand !	0
no ,  in all confidence ,  the turks are not going to rhodes .	0
what should i speak ?	0
what is the matter, gentlemen?	0
you say you have news that’s old ?	0
now heaven hath all ,	0
go, leave me.	0
i don’t know what you and other men think of this life ,  but as for me ,  i’d rather not live at all than live to worship a man as ordinary as myself .	0
well ,  then it will be dry .	0
i’ll beat the knave into a twiggen bottle .	0
some man or other must present wall; and let him have some plaster, or some loam, or some rough-cast about him, to signify wall; and let him hold his fingers thus, and through that cranny shall pyramus and thisbe whisper.	0
he's married .	0
in these less dainty times ,  you’re not breaking the laws of sanctuary to seize him .	0
i humbly thank you, sir.	0
i swear to thee ,  youth ,  by the white hand of rosalind ,  i am that he ,  that unfortunate he .	0
he who is dizzy thinks the world is spinning .	0
it was my turquoise .	0
in the meantime ,  be patient .	0
th’ exchange of thy love's faithful vow for mine .	0
i come to bury caesar ,  not to praise him .	0
though that must have been a pitiful sight ,  the ground looked beautiful .	0
i would fain learn to lie .	0
welcome ,  my good friends .	0
calls my lord ?	0
he liked to call me a loan shark; let him think about his debt to me .	0
well ,  good night .	0
no more than a minute ?	0
o heavens ,  that they were living both in naples ,  the king and queen there !	0
leave me ,  i say .	0
that can i .	0
impudent strumpet!	0
good morning to you both!	0
and tell me now ,  sweet friend ,  what happy gale blows you to padua here from old verona ?	0
awakening] what angel wakes me from my flowery bed?	0
youth to itself rebels ,  though none else near .	0
is that true ?	0
by and by' is easily said.	0
when grown - ups teach little children ,  they do it gently and easily .	0
i could not send it—here it is again— nor get a messenger to bring it thee ,  so fearful were they of infection .	0
dear lady ,  welcome home .	0
may be the letter upset him; because, i think, they command him to come home, making cassio governor in his place.	0
my lord ,  the enemy is past the marsh .	0
i would be loath to have you overflown with a honey bag ,  signor .	0
let me ask you one word in private .	0
death, lie thou there, by a dead man interr'd.	0
that’s one of them .	0
you can do it, i say.	0
i understand you not, my lord.	0
is it fit ,  the three - fold world divided ,  he should stand one of the three to share it ?	0
good ,  very good .	0
what doth this mean, my lord?	0
i drink the air before me, and return or ere your pulse twice beat.	0
his silly behavior, helena, is not my fault.	0
observe how antony takes his defeat and how his attitude influences his actions .	0
well then ,  now have you consider'd of my speeches ?	0
conceal my virgin blood ,  fluttering in my cheeks ,  with your black mantle ,  until unknown love ,  grown bold ,  thinks that true love is an act of simple modesty .	0
ay ,  if i be alive and your mind hold and your dinner worth the eating .	0
why ,  you—loss on loss !	0
i know the sound of his walk . —die ,  villain !	0
if you like ,  we’ll stand by and wait to do whatever you need .	0
an’t please your majesty ,  ’tis the gage of one that i should fight withal ,  if he be alive .	0
i am tied to th' stake ,  and i must stand the course .	0
valiant othello, we must straight employ you against the general enemy ottoman.	0
let’s go at it ,  coward !	0
the queen desires you to use some gentle entertainment to laertes before you fall to play .	0
lighten up .	0
i have no words .	0
if you had been afraid to break an oath with him ,  the crown you are currently wearing would have graced the head of my child ,  and both princes would still be alive ,  not preyed on by worms .	0
i hate to say it ,  but it’s almost two and we won’t get there before suppertime .	0
what ,  hello !	0
yes, sir, mend you.	0
here will we sit, and let the sounds of music creep in our ears; soft stillness, and the night, become the touches of sweet harmony.	0
the gods have ordained it to be like this ,  sir .	0
all’s but naught .	0
who's that?	0
despise me ,  if i do not .	0
i’m speaking purely in analogies and comparisons .	0
love?	0
god!	0
i dreamt a dream tonight.	0
but i won’t let myself fall for him any more than your permission allows .	0
and thither will i straight to visit him .	0
what's your grace's will ?	0
light the candles !	0
i pray ,  sir ,  can you read ?	0
your husband .	0
and died so?	0
lay her in the ground ,  and let violets bloom from her lovely and pure flesh !	0
yes ,  you are .	0
when our actions do not ,  our fears do make us traitors .	0
they met so near with their lips that their breaths embraced together.	0
james tyrrel ,  and your most obedient subject .	0
were't good?	0
farewell .	0
reputation ,  reputation ,  reputation !	0
and affection ,  even if it’s just an act .	0
i’m sure i can guess .	0
yes, by saint patrick, but there is, horatio, and much offense too.	0
why i should fear i know not, since guiltiness i know not; but yet i feel i fear.	0
the air breathes upon us here most sweetly .	0
why are you so far from home ?	0
if not ,  he’s plain .	0
o my beautiful warrior!	0
in cunning i must draw my sword upon you .	0
be quiet !	0
who should begin ?	0
i will not stay to offend you .	0
your husband, is noble, wise, judicious, and best knows what to do in these times.	0
i held the sword and he did run on it .	0
for i am all the subjects that you have, which first was mine own king, and here you sty me in this hard rock, whiles you do keep from me the rest o‘th’ island.	0
do you want to go hunting ,  my lord ?	0
he is slain.	0
i will not speak with her .	0
thy mantle good ,  what !	0
what do you say then about falconbridge ,  the young baron of england ?	0
my lord ,  the first time that i ever saw him methought he was a brother to your daughter .	0
one more ,  and this is the last; so sweet was never so fatal .	0
seal up the mouth of outrage for a while ,  till we can clear these ambiguities and know their spring ,  their head ,  their true descent; and then will i be general of your woes and lead you even to death .	0
return ,  good catesby ,  to the gracious duke .	0
but, sir, such answer as i can make, you shall command, or rather, as you say, my mother shall command.	0
an please your worship ,  brakenbury ,  you may partake of anything we say .	0
this cannot be ,  by no assay of reason .	0
therefore ,  fair hermia ,  think about what you’re doing ,  think about how young you are ,  examine your choices well ,  whether ,  if you don’t take your father's choice ,  you can endure life in a convent ,  to be shut up in a cloister ,  to live a childless nun all your life ,  chanting faint hymns to the cold ,  fruitless moon .	0
maybe she can’t find him .	0
where is the count’s page who called the guards ?	0
he lives ,  sir .	0
he is afeard to come .	0
and now, please, sir,— because it is still on my mind,—your reason for raising this storm at sea?	0
if we should fail?	0
what’s the news among the merchants?	0
what do you want ?	0
but ,  oh ,  heavenly rosalind !	0
the worthy thane of ross.	0
i saw mark antony offer him a crown ,  yet 'twas not a crown neither ,  'twas one of these coronets and ,  as i told you ,  he put it by once .	0
to alonso] had i plantation of this isle, my lord,— [to alonso] had i [to sebastian] he'd sow't with nettle-seed.	0
he’s not sick in the brain ?	0
come hither, good volumnius, list a word.	0
you are welcome.	0
hello ,  beautiful helena !	0
the fish lives in the sea; and it takes a lot of pride for beauty outside to hide without beauty inside.	0
come ,  i will give you way for these your letters ,  and do't the speedier that you may direct me to him from whom you brought them .	0
but you have all the advantages from the harm done .	0
hold, take my sword.	0
the muffled queen ”  is good .	0
if he doesn’t show up ,  the play is ruined .	0
so good - bye for now .	0
ebbing men, indeed, most often do so near the bottom run by their own fear or sloth.	0
why ,  such is love’s transgression .	0
i’ll hear cassius, and compare their reasons, once they have all been told.	0
god ye good morrow ,  gentlemen .	0
romans ,  countrymen ,  and friends !	0
you think my uncle was lying ,  grandmother ?	0
no ,  it’s permanent .	0
nay ,  but how dearly he adores mark antony !	0
some water will fix that .	0
today pompey laughs away his fortune .	0
o woeful sympathy !	0
o ,  are you here ,  iago ?	0
our instruments to melancholy bells ,  our wedding cheer to a sad burial feast .	0
by this kind of chase i should hate him ,  for my father hated his father dearly .	0
to bait fish with: if it feeds nothing else, it will feed my revenge.	0
o my brother’s child !	0
mutinies ,  in countries discord ,  in palaces treason ,  and the bond cracked ’twixt son and father .	0
he looks gentler than he did.	0
adieu ! —tears exhibit my tongue .	0
o weary night ,  o long and tedious night ,  abate thy hours !	0
i am content .	0
an if he hear thee ,  thou wilt anger him .	0
if you regard it as shameful ,  put the shame on me .	0
i’m telling you ,  it was carthage .	0
even or odd ,  of all days in the year ,  come lammas eve at night shall she be fourteen .	0
he is welcome hither .	0
a lord to a lord ,  a man to a man ,  stuffed with all honorable virtues .	0
why ask you ?	0
it was windy on shore too .	0
i tell you ,  this house is as dark as ignorance .	0
i know i’m going to die .	0
portia, go in awhile, and by and by thy bosom shall partake the secrets of my heart.	0
do you like this speed?	0
good night .	0
these two people are as identical as two halves of an apple .	0
where it takes on some other horrible form that drives you insane .	0
o well-a-day that ever i was born!	0
no duke of spineless burgundy can take this treasure of a girl from me now . —say goodbye to them ,  cordelia ,  even though they’ve been unkind to you .	0
such a wagoner as phaeton would whip you to the west and bring in cloudy night immediately .	0
nay ,  i have ta'en you napping ,  gentle love ,  and have forsworn you with hortensio .	0
and what art thou ,  thou idol ceremony ?	0
methoughts that i had broken from the tower and was embarked to cross to burgundy ,  and in my company my brother gloucester ,  who from my cabin tempted me to walk upon the hatches .	0
my sword ,  i say !	0
mistress ,  your father prays you leave your books and help to dress your sister’s chamber up .	0
if this is a dream ,  let me keep on sleeping !	0
i tell thee what—get thee to church a thursday or never after look me in the face .	0
there are more things in heaven and earth, horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy.	0
tell us .	0
i don’t mean that she wants me because  what’s she like ?	0
so be cheerful .	0
live ,  and hereafter say a madman's mercy bid thee run away .	0
if you have poison for me ,  i will drink it .	0
the table’s full .	0
upon her landing ,  antony sent to her ,  invited her to supper .	0
calm down ,  kate .	0
who was't came by?	0
what handkerchief !	0
it does ,  my boy .	0
i cannot tell .	0
i would not for the world they saw thee here .	0
ask her to help you heal the rift between her husband and you .	0
tis deeply sworn.	0
justice ,  find the girl !	0
so is it, if thou knew'st our purposes.	0
now bury the living and dead ,  until you have made a mountain from this flat earth to be higher than the mountain of italy or the skyish head of blue mount olympus .	0
speak, is it out o' the way?	0
the oars were made of silver ,  and the oarsmen rowed in time to flute music .	0
why ,  there's no remedy; it is the curse of the military .	0
come with me and let me advise you .	0
you move your cunning ahead more and more.	0
your beautiful eyes ,  sweet lady ,  have infected mine with love .	0
casca will tell us what’s the matter .	0
then have at you with my wit !	0
things at the worst will cease ,  or else return to the way they were before .	0
i will to venice .	0
methinks you’re better spoken .	0
welcome from mantua .	0
they say edgar ,  his banished son ,  is with the earl of kent in germany .	0
have you slain him, then?	0
where is my father and my mother ,  nurse ?	0
statilius showed the torchlight, but, my lord, he didn’t come back.	0
thursday let it be— a thursday ,  tell her she shall be married to this noble earl .	0
what ,  for a counter ,  would i do but good ?	0
the other one didn’t .	0
by my count ,  i was your mother much upon these years that you are now a maid .	0
gratiano, keep the house, and seize upon the fortunes of the moor, for they succeed on you.	0
iago has kept his word .	0
i told him you were sick .	0
you’d be a pitiful bird .	0
this lantern represents the moon .	0
what are they doing on the road ?	0
is everything ready for that event ?	0
what ?	0
no ,  they’re busy and as excellent as ever .	0
i do beseech you that i may speak with you ,  o ,  good my lord !	0
juno sings her blessings on you.	0
it is a strange truth.	0
i stand here with the law on my side .	0
say, what entertainment do you have for this evening?	0
live ,  and hereafter say a madman’s mercy bid thee run away .	0
prince ,  as you are true ,  for blood of ours shed blood of montague .	0
since i have your good leave to go away ,  i will make haste .	0
you must have patience, madam.	0
and when i do ,  i swear it shall be romeo ,  whom you know i hate ,  rather than paris .	0
you must have patience ,  madam .	0
why ,  there was a crown offered him ,  and being offered him: he put it by with the back of his hand ,  thus ,  and then the people fell a - shouting .	0
i swear i won’t ,  sir .	0
no, unpin me here.	0
but listen ,  i thought you said you don’t lend or borrow by charging interest .	0
don’t move until the signal .	0
what is the reason of this terrible summons?	0
it’s going feel like twenty years until then .	0
where is my lord the duke of gloucester ?	0
yes ,  my lord .	0
her fallow leas the darnel ,  hemlock ,  and rank fumitory doth root upon ,  while that the coulter rusts that should deracinate such savagery .	0
if she confess that she was half the wooer ,  destruction on my head if my bad blame light on the man . —come hither ,  gentle mistress .	0
as i vowed ,  i will unite the york and lancaster families .	0
don’t ask me to talk about it .	0
tie him up harder . —you filthy traitor !	0
i go over hills and valleys ,  through bushes and thorns ,  over parks and fenced - in spaces ,  through water and fire .	0
now when thou wakest with thine own fool's eyes peep.	0
well ,  i am not fair ,  and therefore i pray the gods make me honest .	0
tranio ,  let’s go .	0
to sebastian] temperance was a delicate wench.	0
now sir ,  be judge yourself ,  whether i in any just term am affined to love the moor .	0
i say a devil .	0
you wrong me every way, you wrong me, brutus.	0
mother, you have my father much offended.	0
mind your own business ; i have use for it.	0
so ,  so ,  so ,  so .	0
have at the very eye of that proverb with  “ a pox of the devil .  ”   you are the better at proverbs ,  by how much  “ a fool’s bolt is soon shot .  ”   you have shot over .	0
o my prophetic soul !	0
your mother .	0
for she is wise ,  if i can judge of her .	0
be pleased to tell us— for this is from the present—how you take the offers we have sent you .	0
my sister would be much more offended to have her trusted messenger abused and assaulted just for carrying out her orders . —put his legs in the stocks .	0
i’m begging you .	0
madam ,  undress you and come now to bed .	0
look what is done cannot be now amended .	0
the less they deserve, the more merit is in your bounty.	0
it is a monster fathered by itself, born of itself.	0
do you think i’d break my oath ?	0
the readiest way to make the wench amends is to become her husband and her father; the which will i ,  not all so much for love as for another secret close intent by marrying her which i must reach unto .	0
i deny it not .	0
death, that hath suck'd the honey of thy breath, hath had no power yet upon thy beauty.	0
like aqua vitae with a midwife .	0
you’re too stubborn and too strange to your friend that loves you.	0
lower, lower!	0
in brief ,  for so the season bids us be ,  prepare thy battle early in the morning ,  and put thy fortune to the arbitrament of bloody strokes and mortal - staring war .	0
o perdurable shame !	0
answer that .	0
but will you listen to how i proceeded?	0
sir, i will answer anything.	0
noses ,  ears ,  and lips .	0
a sibyl ,  that had numbered in the world the sun to course two hundred compasses ,  in her prophetic fury sewed the work .	0
emilia, come.	0
i wish you could !	0
well ,  madam ,  and in health .	0
he fell down in the market-place and foamed at mouth and was speechless.	0
oh most happy hour!	0
perchance she cannot meet him .	0
you, nick bottom, are set down for pyramus.	0
if true lovers are always thwarted ,  then it must be a rule of fate .	0
what does you gracious figure want ?	0
i heard the galloping of horse .	0
god save your majesty .	0
i am but mad north-north-west.	0
can i suffer that with patience but not my husband's secrets?	0
not dead ?	0
sad or happy ?	0
indeed i should have asked you that before .	0
you wronged yourself to write in such a case .	0
be patient ,  i have to rest .	0
did you give the finger to us ,  sir ?	0
the rules of dueling say he has to .	0
thou wast never with me for anything when thou wast not there for the goose .	0
for pity’s sake ,  my lord ,  my wife died tonight .	0
which one is it ?	0
where is montjoy ,  the herald ?	0
look ,  look ,  a mouse !	0
thanks, guildenstern and gentle rosencrantz.	0
a vengeance on your crafty withered hide !	0
music ,  moody food of us that trade in love .	0
why not stay and hear me talk to him ?	0
sooth ,  but you must .	0
hamlet, for this deed, for your special safety, which we do consider as we dearly grieve for what you’ve done, we must send you away with fiery quickness.	0
good night ,  ladies ,  good night ,  sweet ladies ,  good night ,  good night .	0
my cake is dough ,  but i’ll in among the rest ,  out of hope of all but my share of the feast .	0
mark antony,— pardon me, caius cassius.	0
o ,  farewell ,  honest soldier .	0
my mistress showed me thee and thy dog and thy bush .	0
stained with blood ?	0
look ,  if my gentle love be not raised up !	0
we'll make a solemn wager on your cunnings, i have it!	0
the more the pity that some honest neighbors will not make them friends .	0
i’ll have them sleep on cushions in my tent .	0
oh ,  i remember that very clearly !	0
give me answer to it.	0
almost read people’s thoughts .	0
now he importunes him to tell it o'er.	0
but though i am a daughter to his blood ,  i am not to his manners .	0
touched you the bastardy of edward’s children ?	0
the prince has made the match ,  and may god bless it .	0
a false conclusion .	0
if you have lost him ,  why ,  i have lost him too .	0
o my breast ,  thy hope ends here !	0
good night ,  pompey .	0
has homely old age taken the alluring beauty from my poor cheeks ?	0
macduff ,  this noble passion ,  child of integrity ,  hath from my soul wiped the black scruples ,  reconciled my thoughts to thy good truth and honor .	0
you’ll get revenge later.	0
sir ,  in fine ,  seeing how loathly opposite i stood to his unnatural purpose ,  in fell motion ,  with his preparèd sword he charges home my unprovided body ,  latched mine arm .	0
to you ,  antonio ,  i owe the most in money and in love; and from your love i have a warranty to unburthen all my plots and purposes ,  how to get clear of all the debts i owe .	0
no ,  a whole share for me .	0
what are thy comings in ?	0
get thee to bed.	0
pray god ,  your voice ,  like a piece of uncurrent gold ,  be not cracked within the ring .	0
i’ll ask him for my job back; he’ll tell me i am a drunkard!	0
sweet soul, take heed, take heed of perjury; thou are on thy deathbed.	0
will it be tonight at supper ?	0
i can tell your majesty ,  the duke is a prave man .	0
i told him we’ll stay for at least a month ,  and he says that he hopes we’ll stay longer .	0
sirrah ,  go hire me twenty cunning cooks .	0
ancient damnation !	0
we have feelings .	0
and we will hear it .	0
hurry ,  hurry—prepare my horse .	0
you lie there.	0
one of them showed me a ring that he accepted from your daughter as payment for a monkey .	0
i must attend the duke at dinner .	0
wilt thou go to bed ,  malvolio ?	0
peace then !	0
come on !	0
i’ll have my bond ,  and therefore speak no more .	0
by the lord ,  madam ,  you wrong me ,  and the world shall know it .	0
that’s my sister .	0
how is it with you ,  lady ?	0
we doubt it nothing.	0
i pray you, now receive them.	0
i am about it; but, indeed, my imagination comes from my head as bird trap does from cloth, it plucks out brains and all.	0
to bed ,  to bed .	0
beware macduff; beware the thane of fife .	0
sir thomas erpingham .	0
you’re using this as an excuse for not showing up at the porcupine like you promised .	0
what would'st thou have with me ?	0
keep this man safe, give him all kindness; i would rather have such men as my friends than enemies.	0
here comes my man ,  the man i’m looking for .	0
no ,  he comes to be married  lady ,  do you come here to be married to this count ?	0
give him this money and these notes ,  reynaldo .	0
crystal is muddy .	0
then give it a nice welcome ,  as you would give to any stranger .	0
take thrice thy money .	0
ne'er a fantastical knave of them all shall flout me out of my calling .	0
come back to me again ,  and bring me word about what he says to you .	0
you are as well provided of both as any prince in the world .	0
how ill this taper burns !	0
and, noble signior, if virtue is missing delightful beauty, your son-in-law is far more just than black.	0
sir ,  my brother is very fond of you .	0
hello ,  sweet lady .	0
i held the sword ,  and he did run on it .	0
all you english princes ,  i salute you .	0
my lord of cambridge and my good lord of masham and you ,  my noble knight ,  what do you think ?	0
you should for that have reprehended him .	0
i do beseech you ,  sir ,  have patience .	0
in such a night, did young lorenzo swear he lov'd her well; stealing her soul with many vows of faith, and ne'er a true one.	0
but since the gibe glanced off me ,  ten to one it hit you both straight on .	0
how dare you trade and traffic with macbeth in riddles and affairs of death; and i, the mistress of your charms, the secret contriver of all harms, was never called to offer my part, or show the glory of our art?	0
if it’s really you ,  tell me what happened to our son ,  who floated away with you on that deadly raft .	0
thieves!	0
my hands are the same color as yours, only i would be ashamed to have such a white heart.	0
excellent wretch!	0
o sir ,  content you .	0
thou hast described a hot friend cooling.	0
my sword will talk for me .	0
do not you love me ?	0
have you eyes?	0
get over it .	0
what ,  is he dead ?	0
o ,  relation too nice ,  and yet too true !	0
look ,  it’s waving me over again .	0
she says enough ,  yet she’s a simple bawd that cannot say as much .	0
take you ,  as 'twere ,  some distant knowledge of him ,  as thus ,  ‘i know his father and his friends ,  and in part him . ’ do you mark this ,  reynaldo ?	0
he unlocks the golden casket] [he unlocks the golden casket] o hell!	0
couldn’t a worm ,  a poisonous snake ,  do as much ?	0
speak ,  because my heart is full .	0
to him ,  father .	0
i shall the effect of this good lesson keep as watchman to my heart .	0
we need some oracle to tell us what’s going on .	0
he’s a good man . —let’s go ,  desdemona .	0
i’ll none of it .	0
at your choice ,  sir .	0
before the debt is paid?	0
to whom?	0
awake!	0
in such a night ,  did pretty jessica ,  like a little shrew ,  slander her love ,  and he forgave it her .	0
this place is full of trouble ,  torments ,  and amazements .	0
he’s without equal !	0
take up the body .	0
if you keep your promise ,  i shall end this strife ,  become a christian and your loving wife .	0
now you know the reason for the rush .	0
make me to see't; or at the least so prove it, that the probation bear no hinge nor loop to hang a doubt on; or woe upon thy life!	0
now ,  'mongst this flock of drunkards ,  am i to put our cassio in some action that may offend the isle .	0
her blush is guiltiness ,  not modesty .	0
methought i heard a voice cry ,   “ sleep no more !	0
shifts ,  friends ,  to southampton .	0
this disease is beyond my practice.	0
when you begged to stay ,  that was the time for words .	0
yet we must not put the strong law on him.	0
bring me to the test ,  and i the matter will reword; which madness would gambol from .	0
is it possible dat i sould love de enemy of france ?	0
true ,  my lord .	0
antony’s eyes are fiery red from crying .	0
no ,  i promise you; i won’t risk my reputation so stupidly .	0
othello ,  the strength of the place is best known to you; and although we have there a force that is more than adequate ,  yet public opinion ,  a sovereign mistress of effects ,  say we need a safer voice ,  like you .	0
i won’t be made a soft and dull - eyed fool ,  to shake my head ,  give in ,  and sigh ,  and surrender to christian intercessors .	0
nor do we find him easy to figure out the reason why ,  because ,  with a crafty craziness ,  keeps his distance when we try to bring him to some confession of his true state .	0
that doesn’t matter .	0
it is ‘music with her silver sound’ because musi -  cians have no gold for sounding .	0
not so happy ,  yet much happier .	0
if you will patiently dance in our round and see our moonlight revels ,  go with us .	0
that way is to call her beauty, which is exquisite, more into question.	0
a friend of antony’s .	0
well said!	0
i just meant that our hearts are joined ,  so we can almost think of them as one heart .	0
here he comes .	0
your love !	0
conceit in weakest bodies strongest works .	0
he sups tonight with a harlotry, and thither will i go to him.	0
we pray you for your own sake to embrace your own safety and give over this attempt .	0
we found him in the churchyard.	0
oh ,  ceremony ,  only show me your value !	0
speak ,  speak !	0
will money buy them ?	0
oh ,  evil ,  evil !	0
come, come; lend me a light.	0
you are unkind ,  demetrius; don’t be like that ,  because you love hermia .	0
and made your other love ,  demetrius , — who even just a minute ago spurned me with his foot , — to call me goddess ,  nymph ,  divine ,  and rare ,  precious ,  celestial ?	0
out of my sight !	0
no better ?	0
i want to use this money to set my father free .	0
at this time of night ?	0
your wife would give you little thanks for that, if she were here to listen to such an offer.	0
le roy ?	0
i pray you, let me look upon the bond.	0
for se offendendo; it cannot be else.	0
your name ,  i pray you ,  friend ?	0
young man ,  something’s wrong if you’re getting out of bed this early .	0
this lapwing runs away with the shell on his head.	0
my master and my lord !	0
with mine officer !	0
bathe his filthy head with warm ,  scented water .	0
you shall mark many a duteous and kneecrooking knave ,  that doting on his own obsequious bondage wears out his time ,  much like his master's ass ,  for naught but provender; and ,  when he's old ,  cashier'd .	0
ay me ,  most wretched ,  that have my heart parted betwixt two friends that does afflict each other !	0
o, it’s the same in my mistress' case, just in her case!	0
i pray you haste in this.	0
the tower’s chaplain has buried them ,  but to tell you the truth ,  i don’t know where .	0
we know each other’s faces; for our hearts ,  he knows no more of mine than i of yours ,  or i of his ,  my lord ,  than you of mine . — lord hastings ,  you and he are near in love .	0
god bless you, sir!	0
it’s casca—i know your voice .	0
judgment !	0
rest assured that we’re going there to use our hands ,  not our tongues .	0
shall i not have just my principal ?	0
who keeps her company ?	0
i like your new wig and headdress ,  though i’d like it more if the hair were a shade browner .	0
lorenzo, and thy love.	0
everyone keeps yelling ,   “ here they come !  ”  our castle is strong enough to laugh off their seige .	0
what sadness lengthens romeo's hours?	0
i hear that you must, and nothing can prevent it, be married to this count on next thursday.	0
he is very near by this .	0
oh ,  shut up !	0
some grief shows much of love ,  but much of grief shows still some want of wit .	0
i hold the world but as the world ,  gratiano; a stage ,  where every man must play a part ,  and mine a sad one .	0
o my sweet, i chit-chat unfashionably, and i talk foolishly about my own comforts.	0
saddle my horses .	0
god will revenge it ,  whom i will importune with earnest prayers ,  all to that effect .	0
ride you this afternoon ?	0
thou dost see i eat .	0
i remember thine eyes well enough .	0
oh!	0
so ,  uncle ,  there you are .	0
one minded like the weather ,  most unquietly .	0
the sun will not show his head for sorrow.	0
what ,  now ?	0
o ,  help me here !	0
i remember you took the throne from your brother prospero .	0
your cake there is warm within; you stand here in the cold .	0
nothing at all .	0
what warlike noise is this ?	0
away, away, be gone!	0
dismiss me.	0
i assure you ,  my good lord ,  i believe my duty is ,  as i believe in my soul ,  both to my god and to my gracious king .	0
beguil'd ,  divorced ,  wronged ,  spited ,  slain !	0
my lord, he has courted me with love in honorable fashion.	0
i strike quickly ,  being moved .	0
he waits very nearby ,  to know your answer ,  whether you'll admit him .	0
within a month ,  before the salt of the most wicked tears had left the redness in her bitter eyes ,  she married .	0
no ,  if i had power ,  i should pour the sweet milk of concord into hell ,  disturb the universal peace ,  confuse all unity on earth .	0
high and mighty, you shall know i am set naked on your kingdom.	0
but listen to me; let me guide you .	0
we love him highly ,  and shall continue our graces towards him .	0
one ever near thee .	0
for as thou urgest justice ,  be assured thou shalt have justice more than thou desirest .	0
let me go .	0
thou runaway ,  thou coward ,  art thou fled ?	0
you are the queen, your husband's brother's wife, and—would it were not so—you are my mother.	0
i will do't ,  my lord .	0
i would you had won the fleece that he hath lost!	0
a liberal hand .	0
she that i spake of ,  our great captain's captain ,  left in the conduct of the bold iago; whose footing here anticipates our thoughts a se'nnight's speed .	0
if one should be a prey ,  how much the better to fall before the lion than the wolf !	0
swear.	0
in good time!	0
i could teach you how to choose right ,  but then i am forsworn; so will i never be: so may you miss me; but if you do ,  you'll make me wish a sin ,  that i had been forsworn .	0
dear my lord ,  make me acquainted with your cause of grief .	0
we’ll beat ’em into bench - holes .	0
i hope thou art not mad .	0
you’re as wise as you are beautiful .	0
what's done cannot be undone.	0
yet count claudio may hear ,  for what i would speak of concerns him .	0
i think nothing ,  my lord .	0
i give you my obedience and my humble service ,  madam .	0
you shall have anything .	0
heavens make our presence and our practices pleasant and helpful to him!	0
what are these things, my lord antonio?	0
we’ll burn brutus’s house .	0
the king ,  his brother ,  and your brother are all waiting there in a crazed state of mind ,  and the rest are grieving over them ,  sad and astonished .	0
what, ho, brabantio!	0
since this prize is yours ,  be happy with it ,  and don’t look for a new one .	0
being too old to marry someone young .	0
remain calm until midnight ,  and then you’ll see what the trouble is .	0
lead him off .	0
they’re the rebels . —o conspiracy ,  shame on you for showing your dangerous eyes by night when evils are most free ?	0
both wind and tide stays for this gentleman ,  and i ,  to blame ,  have held him here too long .	0
well, i understand.	0
burn !	0
heart ,  once be stronger than thy continent .	0
my charity is outrage ,  life my shame ,  and in that shame still live my sorrows' rage .	0
fie, fie!	0
so the fool follows you .	0
truly, and i hold ambition of so airy and light a quality that it is but a shadow's shadow.	0
here ,  peter quince .	0
thus, then, here it is; the valiant paris seeks you for his love.	0
don’t be sad that this happened because of you ,  because lady luck’s been nicer to me than usual .	0
i almost faint with fear .	0
it won’t let you eat ,  or talk ,  or sleep; and ,  if it could affect your face and body so much that it conquers your spirit ,  i shouldn’t know you ,  brutus .	0
i’m backed into a corner with nowhere to run .	0
say ,  voltemand ,  what from our brother norway ?	0
give me your neaf, monsieur mustardseed.	0
keep quiet, keep quiet.	0
what ,  do you think we’re turks or savages ,  instead of christians ?	0
to me it is a prison.	0
well ,  let’s go on .	0
the fact that this summer bird ,  the house martin ,  builds his nests here proves how inviting the breezes are .	0
more of this matter cannot i report.	0
i do; and surely it is a sleepy language and thou speak'st out of thy sleep.	0
no, noble mistress; it is fresh morning with me when you are near at night.	0
check the calendar and come tell me .	0
but is there any else longs to see this broken music in his sides ?	0
let not your ears despise my tongue for ever ,  which shall possess them with the heaviest sound that ever yet they heard .	0
you can be married tomorrow if you want .	0
find the girl!	0
so many journeys may the sun and moon make us count again before love is finished!	0
there ,  take it; and much thanks for my good cheer .	0
nay, you must name his name, and half his face must be seen through the lion's neck; and he himself must speak through, saying thus, or to the same defect: —‘ladies,’ —or ‘fair ladies,—i would wish you’—or ‘i would request you’ —or ‘i would entreat you,—not to fear, not to tremble.	0
good morrow ,  brutus .	0
fortune and victory sit on thy helm !	0
i cannot live to hear the news from england ,  but i do prophesy the election lights on fortinbras .	0
there are things in this comedy of pyramus and thisbe that will never please.	0
don’t you know he has?	0
if you don’t mind ,  i’d like to speak with you .	0
pass the order along .	0
o, give me leave.	0
let lightning spit fire !	0
i’ve made a risky investment .	0
i remember very well where i should be ,  and here i am .	0
nurse?	0
besides , —i haven’t used my sword since— i met a lion ,  in front of the capitol ,  who glared at me ,  and angrily passed me by ,  without attacking me ,  and there were a hundred ghastly women gathered in a heap ,  transformed by their fear; who swore they saw men ,  all on fire ,  walking up and down the streets .	0
more strange than true .	0
how now ,  my love ?	0
you cannot better be employed ,  bassanio ,  than to live still and write mine epitaph .	0
when you’ve finished ,  go back to pompey’s theater .	0
let it come down .	0
an era of universal peace is about to start .	0
madam ,  it so fell out that certain players we o'erraught on the way .	0
dost thou think if i would stand against thee ,  would the reposal of any trust ,  virtue ,  or worth in thee make thy words faithed ?	0
there the grown serpent lies; the worm that has fled has a nature that in time will breed venom, but he has no fangs now.	0
no ,  believe me ,  it is very cold ,  the wind is northerly .	0
do thy worst .	0
who's there ?	0
now show the wound mine eye hath made in thee .	0
you praise the worst best.	0
explain .	0
i do assure you ,  ’tis against my will .	0
will you dine with me tomorrow ?	0
don’t shed any blood; or cut less nor more ,  exactly just a pound of flesh: if you take more ,  or less ,  than a just pound ,  whether it is only so much that makes it light or heavy in the substance ,  or the division of the twentieth part of one poor scruple; no ,  if the scale turns only by a hair ,  you die ,  and all your goods are seized .	0
i really hope your virtues will bring him to his usual way again, to the honor of both of you.	0
yet here, laertes?	0
what else ,  fellow ?	0
run to your houses ,  fall upon your knees ,  pray to the gods to intermit the plague that needs must light on this ingratitude .	0
the exhalations whizzing in the air give so much light that i may read by them.	0
come ,  come with me ,  and we’ll do the job quickly .	0
we will ,  my noble lord .	0
i speak no treason.	0
how now ,  general ?	0
oh ,  heaven forgive us !	0
i’d rather be a squawking bird than an animal like you .	0
called you ,  my lord ?	0
good night .	0
i know ,  sir ,  i am no flatterer .	0
the tyrant has not taken action against them?	0
and thorough this distemperature we see the seasons alter: hoary - headed frosts fall in the fresh lap of the crimson rose; and on old hiems' thin and icy crown an odorous chaplet of sweet summer buds is ,  as in mockery ,  set .	0
don’t stand there shocked .	0
you have so much natural talent ,  but like someone who hoards money ,  you use none of your talent for the right purpose—not your body ,  not your love ,  not your mind .	0
it is too late.	0
my gallant girls !	0
good friends ,  sweet friends ,  let me not stir you up to such a sudden flood of mutiny .	0
nay ,  that's certain .	0
with this ring i give them all to you .	0
how can that be, when you have the voice of the king himself for your succession in denmark?	0
i know that ,  sir .	0
if they do see thee they will murder thee .	0
it is a monster begot upon itself ,  born on itself .	0
and be assured you’ll find a difference ,  as we his subjects have in wonder found ,  between the promise of his greener days and these he masters now .	0
we have not made good preparation .	0
the cause is in my will .	0
i should first tell thee how the prince ,  claudio and my master ,  planted and placed and possessed by my master don john ,  saw afar off in the orchard this amiable encounter .	0
can you tell me if a man named launcelot ,  who lives with him ,  is still there ?	0
when he is gone ,  i would like to speak with you urgently .	0
antonio ,  i am married to a wife which is as dear to me as life itself .	0
see to his needs; he brings great news.	0
therefore the moon ,  the governess of floods ,  pale in her anger ,  washes all the air ,  that rheumatic diseases do abound .	0
what ,  my love ,  shall i compare your eyes to ?	0
away !	0
tell him ,  if it pleases him come to this place ,  he shall get an explanation and ,  by my honor ,  leave here safely .	0
not matched equally ,  pyrrhus lunges at priam ,  strikes wild in rage ,  but ,  with the whiff and wind of his fierce sword ,  the shaken father falls .	0
he’s got my vote as i die .	0
i’m tired of you .	0
the wall, i think, being sensible, should curse again.	0
let me suffer your anger if it isn’t so.	0
say you?	0
is this a dagger which i see before me ,  the handle toward my hand ?	0
now god in heaven bless you!	0
pluck out his eyes .	0
well ,  my lord .	0
yes ,  sooth; and so do you .	0
you truly did .	0
what is thisbe ?	0
my bounty is as boundless as the sea ,  my love as deep; the more i give to thee ,  the more i have ,  for both are infinite .	0
if your messenger find him not there ,  seek him i' the other place yourself .	0
you must say  “ paragon .  ”  a  “ paramour ”  is ,  god bless us ,  a thing of nothing .	0
was he not born of woman?	0
then must the jew be merciful .	0
let me embrace you .	0
fare you well, my dove!	0
i am much afeard my lady his mother played false with a smith .	0
do you not remember he saw a flea stick upon bardolph’s nose ,  and he said it was a black soul burning in hell ?	0
sweet lord, you play me false.	0
i am sorry for thee .	0
i still see you ,  in form as evident to my touch as the one i now draw .	0
why dost thou wring thy hands?	0
speak yet .	0
now let it work .	0
oh ,  here’s a wit of cheveril ,  that stretches from an inch narrow to an ell broad !	0
safe ,  antony .	0
you may do so:—but let it be so hasted ,  that supper be ready at the farthest by five of the clock .	0
can i know your answer ?	0
and ,  sir ,  tonight ,  i beg you that we may dine together .	0
i am not sorry either .	0
he’s not a  “ master ,  ”  sir ,  he’s just a poor man’s son .	0
in that and all things will we show our duty.	0
here comes his body ,  mourned by mark antony ,  who ,  though he had no hand in his death ,  shall receive the benefit of his dying ,  a place in the commonwealth ,  as which of you shall not ?	0
it’s as all - consuming and insatiable as the sea ,  and it can swallow as much as the sea can .	0
down with the montagues!	0
thieves !	0
what, are you hurt, lieutenant?	0
hermia is happy, wherever she lies, because she has blessed and attractive eyes.	0
i will do't!	0
yes, my own fortune in my misery.	0
i guess it’s only one man—no big deal .	0
be comforted .	0
what had he done to make him fly the land ?	0
meaning ,  to good manners ?	0
these good fellows will bring thee where i am.	0
this is the house where lorenzo wanted us to wait .	0
although we must appear bloody and cruel now ,  as you can see by our hands and this recent deed; still you can only see our hands and this bleeding business they have done .	0
one of them showed me a ring ,  that he had of your daughter for a monkey .	0
well ,  let’s move on to our work with the living .	0
come, bring away.	0
now ,  good sweet nurse—oh lord ,  why do you look so sad ?	0
there is but one mind in all these men ,  and it is bent against caesar .	0
flies may do this ,  but i from this must fly .	0
cool it with a baboon's blood ,  then the charm is firm and good .	0
wait !	0
their course of love ,  the tidings of her death .	0
god ,  that song’s even better than the other one .	0
what ,  we have many goodly days to see !	0
what a sigh that is!	0
evermore show'ring?	0
excuse me ,  young man ,  how do i get to the jew’s residence ?	0
ride ,  ride ,  messala .	0
but ,  alas the while !	0
the chain !	0
rob them of the ability to count before the numbers against them overwhelm their courage .	0
what ,  are you crazy ?	0
i have no idea, my lord.	0
our fathers' minds are dead ,  and we are govern'd with our mothers' spirits; our yoke and sufferance show us womanish .	0
be quiet .	0
and are you changed ?	0
being a slave has a hoarse voice and may not speak aloud; or else i would go to the cave where echo lives ,  and make her airy voice more hoarse than mine is ,  with the repetition of my romeo's name .	0
what, aren’t you answered yet?	0
hermia is happy ,  wherever she lies ,  because she has blessed and attractive eyes .	0
leave me and do what i told you to do .	0
a lioness hath whelped in the streets; and graves have yawn'd ,  and yielded up their dead; fierce fiery warriors fight upon the clouds ,  in ranks and squadrons and right form of war ,  which drizzled blood upon the capitol; the noise of battle hurtled in the air ,  horses did neigh and dying men did groan ,  and ghosts did shriek and squeal about the streets .	0
but all of you ,  remember what you’ve said and prove yourselves true romans .	0
they fell together all ,  as by consent; they dropped ,  as by a thunder - stroke .	0
in his wild fit ,  hearing something stir behind the curtain ,  he whips out his knife ,  cries 'a rat ,  a rat !	0
fetch forth the stocks !	0
and why are you so pale ?	0
if only you were ,  sir .	0
belovèd regan ,  thy sister’s naught .	0
that’s very true ,  mangy rascal ,  when it pleases god .	0
who will go with me ?	0
the enemy increaseth every day .	0
isn’t parchment made of sheep-skins?	0
what name, beautiful lady?	0
o, my daughter!	0
this contract doesn’t give you any blood at all .	0
and their tongues rot that speak against us !	0
i thank you for that quip ,  good tranio .	0
i can swim like a duck ,  i’ll be sworn .	0
is it more sin to wish me to be a liar, or to curse my husband with the same tongue that she has praised him with, above compare so many thousand times?	0
marry ,  peace it bodes ,  and love ,  and quiet life ,  and awful rule ,  and right supremacy ,  and ,  to be short ,  what not that’s sweet and happy ?	0
upon his brow, shame is ashamed to sit; for it’s a throne where honor may be crowned the only king of the universal earth.	0
but if that i am i ,  then well i know your weeping sister is no wife of mine ,  nor to her bed no homage do i owe .	0
and therefore as a stranger give it welcome .	0
dishonor not your mothers .	0
this means i’ve mistreated edgar .	0
one sees more devils than vast hell can hold; that is the madman .	0
aren’t you romeo ?	0
no money ,  i swear .	0
i sell you poison; you haven’t sold me any.	0
but what trade art thou?	0
alla stoccata carries it away.	0
to alonso] sir, you may thank yourself for this [to alonso] sir, you may thank yourself for this great loss, that would not bless our europe with your daughter, but rather lose her to an african, where she, at least, is banished from your eye, who hath cause to wet the grief on't.	0
here is a letter, lady, the paper is like the body of my friend, and every word in it, a gaping wound bleeding heavily.	0
come hear, my dear hamlet, sit by me.	0
with her ,  on her ,  whatever you want to think .	0
i think it’s later than that ,  sir .	0
lady, by yonder blessed moon i swear, that tips with silver all these fruit-tree tops— o, swear not by the moon, the inconstant moon, that monthly changes in her circled orb, lest that thy love prove likewise variable.	0
drive it out of you .	0
i beg you, see there!	0
stay, fellow; i can read.	0
we have not betrayed you .	0
sometime she drives over a soldier's neck, and then he dreams of cutting foreign throats, of infractions , sneak attacks, spanish swords, of safety five fathoms deep in the sea; and then soon he hears drums in his ear, at which he starts and wakes; and, being thus frightened, swears a prayer or two, and sleeps again.	0
yoo - hoo !	0
that’s not good; i don’t like it .	0
my wife kill'd too ?	0
into my grave ?	0
who does it ,  then ?	0
this ,  casca; this ,  cinna; and this ,  metellus cimber .	0
what woman’s man ?	0
but i thank god that i failed in my scheme ,  and i rejoice in paying the penalty ,  as i beg god and you to pardon me .	0
if good ,  why do i yield to that suggestion whose horrid image doth unfix my hair and make my seated heart knock at my ribs ,  against the use of nature ?	0
why, even in that was heaven ordinant.	0
aside.	0
haply some poison yet doth hang on them ,  to make me die with a restorative .	0
well, we were born to die.	0
so you must take your husbands.	0
richard except ,  those whom we fight against had rather have us win than him they follow .	0
send thy man away.	0
we have none such ,  sir .	0
helena ,  we’ll tell you about our secret plan .	0
to think ,  my lord ,  if you delight not in man ,  what lenten entertainment the players shall receive from you .	0
were we not born under taurus ?	0
i tax not you ,  you elements ,  with unkindness .	0
both of you are very welcome here .	0
what, man!	0
nay, that follows not.	0
you know not how to choose a man .	0
in the name of something holy ,  sir ,  why stand you here in this strange stare ?	0
you have heard him swear downright he was .	0
it is my lady; o ,  it is my love !	0
you didn’t want to go then !	0
follow that lord ,  and see you don’t mock him .	0
speak, nephew, where you there when it started?	0
in the name of something holy, sir, why stand you here in this strange stare?	0
listen they’re howling .	0
have we devils here ?	0
i can’t see ahead of me .	0
it is the quality o'th’ climate .	0
what is your pleasure ?	0
it’s time we were going.	0
a gentleman ,  nurse ,  that loves to hear himself talk ,  and will speak more in a minute than you think should do for a month .	0
indeed ,  without an oath ,  i'll make an end on't !	0
i would not hear your enemy say so ,  nor shall you do mine ear that violence ,  to make it truster of your own report against yourself .	0
for assuredly ,  you are so near the abyss that you’re bound to be swallowed up .	0
give me up the truth.	0
i didn’t love you .	0
but have you both forsworn me ?	0
yes .	0
a friend .	0
i assure my good liege ,  i hold my duty as i hold my soul ,  both to my god and to my gracious king .	0
winter garments must be lined ,  so must slender rosalind .	0
master ,  is this satan’s mistress ?	0
so be it ,  dolabella .	0
well ,  do your discretion .	0
do not ,  my lord !	0
no ? —then i can see that you’re not near .	0
truly, it must be a liar who could swear on both sides of the scale against either side, who committed treason enough for god's sake, yet couldn’t lie to heaven.	0
good madam ,  restrain yourself .	0
say to the king the knowledge of the broil as thou didst leave it .	0
let’s give a fair verdict .	0
i know because i dreamed of money bags last night .	0
here it’s, most reverend doctor; here it is.	0
send out more cavalry .	0
where do they live ?	0
how’s everyone in verona ?	0
call me what instrument you will ,  though you can fret me ,  you cannot play upon me .	0
i want to go home .	0
alack ,  what noise is this ?	0
her body sleeps in the capulet tomb, and her soul lives with the angels.	0
they all do hate him as rootedly as i .	0
then belike my children shall have no names .	0
what ,  not one came in ?	0
that may be, sir, when i may be a wife.	0
how oddly he is suited !	0
in saying so ,  you shall but say the truth .	0
for god's love let me hear!	0
this lion is a very fox for his courage .	0
must i give way and room to your rash anger ?	0
you are a saucy boy.	0
well ,  i’ll turn pimp and do some occasional pickpocketing .	0
and never ,  since the middle summer’s spring ,  met we on hill ,  in dale ,  forest ,  or mead ,  by pavèd fountain ,  or by rushy brook ,  or in the beachèd margent of the sea ,  to dance our ringlets to the whistling wind ,  but with thy brawls thou hast disturbed our sport .	0
i gave my lover a ring and made him swear never to lose it or give it away .	0
i follow you .	0
good night ,  lord brutus .	0
come on ,  nerissa; i have work in hand ,  that you yet know not of; we'll see our husbands before they think of us .	0
but though i was born here and should consider that tradition part of my own heritage ,  i think it would be better to ignore it than practice it .	0
but who did bid thee join with us?	0
or is he on his horse ?	0
come, friends.	0
he has almost finished dinner .	0
good madam ,  hear me .	0
write this down; and say besides, that in aleppo once, where a malignant and a turbaned turk beat a venetian and double-crossed the state, i took the circumcised dog by the throat and killed him like this.	0
my lord ,  welcome this man .	0
he has, and many more just like him that i know the worthless age dotes on, are only part of a craze and have the outward appearance of style, a kind of swollen collection, which carries them through and through the most airless opinions and only blows them to their real experience when the bubbles are burst.	0
i beg you to pardon me .	0
no ,  to their lives ill friends were contrary .	0
knock knock anon, anon!	0
though i struck him first ,  yet it’s no matter for that .	0
o, i am fool for the goddess of luck!	0
do you carry a pike ?	0
to the death ,  my lord .	0
poor men alone ?	0
alas ,  my friend and my dear countryman roderigo ?	0
alas, you don’t know; i must tell you then.	0
five hundred poor i have in yearly pay ,  who twice a day their withered hands hold up toward heaven to pardon blood .	0
pray heavens he be; for i have served him ,  and the man commands like a full soldier .	0
thanks ,  good egeus .	0
let’s have him land and solemnly proceed to london .	0
we haven’t spoken about the torchbearers yet.	0
rescue ,  fair lord ,  or else the day is lost !	0
be it so, i do desire no more.	0
he took my father grossly, full of bread, with all his crimes broad blown, as flush as may; and how his audit stands, who knows save heaven?	0
when he leaves ,  it’s very important that i talk to you .	0
he’s dreaming .	0
he speaks roughly ,  but what he says is smart ,  and his roughness makes other people enjoy listening to him .	0
yea ,  noise ?	0
what say you then to falconbridge ,  the young baron of england ?	0
this is more strange than such a murder is .	0
briefly ,  i dwell by the capitol .	0
what do you need me to do ?	0
therefore ,  farewell .	0
widow dido ”  said you ?	0
mark him.	0
who does he accuse ?	0
let the devil and his dam haunt you!	0
i have used you ,  filth as you are ,  with human care ,  and let you live in my own dwelling ,  until you tried to rape my daughter .	0
now art thou my lieutenant .	0
bring me this plant ,  and get back here before the sea monster has time to swim three miles .	0
o ,  she doth teach the torches to burn bright !	0
i think few die well who die in battle .	0
are you acquainted with the difference of opinion that is the present question before the court?	0
there's fennel for you, and columbines.	0
come ,  nerissa .	0
of what ,  lady ?	0
our knocking has awaked him .	0
ay ,  desdemona .	0
this man ,  with lantern ,  dog ,  and thorn bush ,  represents moonshine ,  because ,  if you want to know ,  these lovers think it’s no shame to meet at ninus' tomb by moonshine ,  there ,  there to court each other .	0
stephano is my name ,  and i bring word that my mistress will be here at belmont before the break of day; she wanders about by holy crosses ,  where she kneels and prays for happy marriage hours .	0
if thou canst cuckold him, thou dost thyself a pleasure, me a sport.	0
i tell you ,  ’twill sound harshly in her ears .	0
welcome ,  publius .	0
to know my deed, ’twere best not know myself.	0
and so they parted .	0
my wickedness ?	0
certainly not !	0
but for all that, to my thinking, he would fain have had it.	0
speak, hands, for me!	0
what is  “ t o ” clock ?	0
how did he look ?	0
what man is that with blood all over him ?	0
i might do ’t as well i' th' dark .	0
how long have you been a grave - maker ?	0
romeo, that spoke him fair, bid him bethink how nice the quarrel was, and urg'd withal your high displeasure.	0
mad for thy love ?	0
away !	0
yes ,  or any show that you'll show him .	0
tonight i take my leave .	0
for ’tis most easy th' inclining desdemona to subdue in any honest suit .	0
set on your foot, and with a heart new-fired i follow you, to do i know not what; but it sufficeth that brutus leads me on.	0
a devil, a born devil, on whose nature nurture can never stick; on whom my pains, humanely taken, all, all lost, quite lost, and, as with age his body uglier grows, so his mind cankers.	0
it’s certain that she is dead ,  and she died in a strange way .	0
neither rhyme nor reason can express how much i love her .	0
they say they have letters for you.	0
come, come; lend me a light.	0
macbeth !	0
or else this was a savage spectacle .	0
wherefore rejoice ?	0
tomorrow ,  soldier ,  by sea and land i’ll fight .	0
you must stop this.	0
you can argue as much as you like when there’s nothing else to do .	0
thou liest.	0
i am so exhausted my spirits are dulled; sit down and rest .	0
provoke him ,  that he may; for even out of that will i cause these of cyprus to mutiny ,  whose qual -  ification shall come into no true taste again but by the displanting of cassio .	0
i dreamt about this .	0
to our house .	0
why ,  all these should be in the lantern; for all these are in the moon .	0
good - night ,  good - night .	0
you’ll never find her without an answer unless you find her without a tongue .	0
very well .	0
we'll start rumors that praise your excellence and exaggerate the fame the frenchman gave you ,  bring you together in the end ,  and place bets on your fight .	0
can you not hate me, as i know you do, but you must join in souls to mock me too?	0
find thou the means, and i'll find such a man.	0
how i wish you felt better !	0
don’t pity me, but listen seriously to what i shall disclose to you.	0
make my blood thick ,  stop up the ways remorse can get into and leave my body ,  that no feelings of guilt keep me from what i intend to do ,  or put guilt between the consequences and the deed !	0
therefore ,  great king ,  we surrender our town and lives to your kind mercy .	0
if you say my wife is beautiful ,  eats well ,  loves good company ,  speaks freely ,  sings ,  plays music ,  and dances well ,  you’re not making me jealous .	0
a right good markman !	0
the rest of my life will be nothing but bitterness .	0
no ,  i won’t give my medicine away to anyone but the sick .	0
believe me ,  i can tell her age to the hour .	0
how does thy honour ?	0
heaven rest them now !	0
i can’t remember anything i’ve ever done to offend anyone .	0
but my inspiration works ,  and she is delivered like this .	0
pretty too!	0
though his ship will not be lost ,  it will be tossed about on the rough ocean .	0
one sees more devils than vast hell can hold; that is the madman.	0
you’re still here ?	0
romeo!	0
not until you pass out .	0
and now ,  my friends ,  my courageous and educated friends ,  do me one small favor .	0
i'd rather kill myself .	0
when did she send you ?	0
o ,  a chair ,  a chair !	0
no passage?	0
how goes it now?	0
go ,  go ,  dispatch .	0
and time itself is ended .	0
do you perceive in all this noble company where most you owe obedience ?	0
i know not, sir.	0
amen ,  say we .	0
which way is it ?	0
o ,  here i will set up my everlasting rest ,  and shake off the bonds of unlucky stars from my world - wearied body .	0
my grandam told me he was murdered there .	0
tis dangerous to be spoken .	0
my charms i’ll break ,  their senses i’ll restore ,  and they shall be themselves .	0
listen to the noble antony .	0
a maiden never bold; of spirit so still and quiet that her motion blush'd at herself; and she—in spite of nature ,  of years ,  of country ,  credit ,  everything— to fall in love with what she fear'd to look on !	0
but i’ve been sent to find the people whose names are written on this list ,  and i can’t read !	0
so often it might happen in particular men that, for some vicious disfigurement of nature in them, like a birthmark— something they are not guilty of because a man cannot choose how he is born— by the overdevelopment of some temperament, that often defies the intelligent use of reason, or by some habit, that too much exceeds the limits of acceptable behavior, that these men, carrying, i say, the stamp of one defect, being the result of nature, or a star of fortune, whatever other virtues they have, even if they are as pure as grace, as infinite as men may have, shall in the general opinion be labeled corrupt from that one particular fault.	0
o, answer me!	0
good e'en ,  brother .	0
change course, my brain!	0
go ahead .	0
i’ll follow it .	0
honestly ,  nerissa ,  my little body is weary of this great world .	0
what do you want with her, sir?	0
with your permission, hostess.	0
my lord ,  i wish that thursday were tomorrow .	0
if he’s caught ,  he’ll never make trouble for anyone again .	0
gentlemen ,  let's look to our business .	0
that can i; at least the whisper goes so .	0
i’ll make thee an example .	0
let’s think about what has happened; and, later, when we’ve had a chance to think, let’s about these things openly each to other.	0
o heavy deed !	0
what shall i say ?	0
you’re hitting close to home there .	0
i’ll see what being sorry does.	0
how long hast thou been a grave-maker?	0
what’s that paper you were reading ?	0
against my brother lucius ?	0
i will hear that play; for never anything can be amiss when simpleness and duty tender it.	0
here comes another troop to seek for you .	0
no ,  none by me .	0
then how can it be said i am alone when the entire world is here to look at me ?	0
fury, fury!	0
my fingers itch .	0
a brave vessel who had ,  no doubt ,  some noble creature in her dashed all to pieces .	0
stand ,  you neat slave ,  strike !	0
i rely on your virtue to protect me .	0
i ,  madam ?	0
upon my power, i may dismiss this court, unless bellario, a learned doctor, whom i have sent for to determine this, come here to-day.	0
therefore to horse; and let us not be dainty of leave-taking, but shift away.	0
i hope your majesty is pear me testimony and witness ,  and will avouchment that this is the glove of alençon that your majesty is give me ,  in your conscience now .	0
then think about how shameful it would be for you to give in to his seductive talk and surrender your treasure chest to his greedy hands .	0
but ,  howsoever thou pursuest this act ,  taint not thy mind ,  nor let thy soul contrive against thy mother aught .	0
that’s good .	0
know you the hand?	0
i would’ve been happy if the entire camp ,  pioneers and all ,  had tasted her sweet body ,  as long as i didn’t know about it .	0
who are you there?	0
if not ,  i’ll leave you alone and that’ll be the end of my business .	0
you speak well.	0
thrice and once the hedge-pig whined.	0
you seem to be a good person ,  captain ,  and although people who look beautiful are often corrupt inside ,  i believe that you have a beautiful mind to go with your good looks and manners .	0
tis said they eat each other .	0
our course will seem too bloody ,  caius cassius ,  to cut the head off and then hack the limbs ,  like wrath in death and envy afterwards ,  for antony is but a limb of caesar .	0
say either ,  and i'll stay the circumstance .	0
oh scotland ,  scotland !	0
thou strik’st not me ,  ’tis caesar thou defeat’st .	0
i have a strange infirmity ,  which is nothing to those that know me .	0
we cannot fight for love as men can .	0
i'll go and chat with paris .	0
what’s the matter ?	0
what does the tyrant?	0
or keep it as a jug to hold dirty toads to knot and give birth in!	0
sweet desdemona!	0
she’s gone .	0
i knew him ,  horatio ,  a fellow of infinite fun ,  of most excellent imagination .	0
cowards die many times before their deaths; the valiant never taste of death but once.	0
quick!	0
wherefore was that cry?	0
tush, thou art deceiv'd.	0
i never gave him token .	0
if i can bear that pain ,  then i can bear my husband’s secrets .	0
damn those words ,   “ but yet !  ”   “ but yet ”  is like a jailer about to bring out some horrible criminal .	0
arm ,  arm ,  and attack !	0
since this fortune falls to you, be content, and seek no new.	0
to think ,  my lord ,  if you do not delight in man ,  what a somber reception the players shall receive from you .	0
from top to toe ?	0
plots have i laid ,  inductions dangerous ,  by drunken prophecies ,  libels and dreams ,  to set my brother clarence and the king in deadly hate ,  the one against the other; and if king edward be as true and just as i am subtle ,  false ,  and treacherous ,  this day should clarence closely be mewed up about a prophecy which says that  “ g ”  of edward’s heirs the murderer shall be .	0
for us ,  we will consider of this further .	0
are you her husband ,  boy ?	0
why ,  here in denmark .	0
we would so ,  and then go swindling .	0
only until noon ,  my lord ?	0
tie up the servant ,  for he is mad as well .	0
wasn’t don john at dinner tonight ?	0
you were worn with honor .	0
let me tell you ,  the man who marries her will become very wealthy .	0
oh ,  listen to me ,  night— who is this ?	0
upon my sword.	0
from this time forth i never will speak word.	0
but hast thou yet latch'd the athenian's eyes with the love-juice, as i did bid thee do?	0
well ,  let's away and say how much is done .	0
why ,  he’s a devil ,  a devil ,  a very fiend .	0
but i watched and noted where cupid’s arrow fell .	0
my people do already know my mind and will acknowledge you and jessica in place of lord bassanio and myself .	0
and you’re not to utter a syllable of tranio’s name .	0
no ,  pray thee ,  good meg ,  i’ll wear this .	0
what say'st thou to me now ?	0
up ,  princes ,  and ,  with spirit of honor edged more sharper than your swords ,  hie to the field: charles delabreth ,  high constable of france; you dukes of orléans ,  bourbon ,  and of berri ,  alençon ,  brabant ,  bar ,  and burgundy; jacques chatillon ,  rambures ,  vaudemont ,  beaumont ,  grandpré ,  roussi ,  and faulconbridge ,  foix ,  lestrale ,  bouciqualt ,  and charolois; high dukes ,  great princes ,  barons ,  lords ,  and knights ,  for your great seats now quit you of great shames .	0
no ,  i don’t hear your honest friend; i hear you .	0
for ,  sir ,  it is as sure as you are roderigo ,  were i the moor ,  i would not be iago .	0
do you perceive the gastness of her eye ?	0
will you meet me straightway at ninny's tomb ?	0
not i ,  i must be found .	0
oh ,  the man who avenged her could ask anything of me !	0
not having that ,  which ,  having ,  makes them short .	0
peradventure ,  to make it the more gracious ,  i shall sing it at her death .	0
round ,  even to faultiness .	0
things without all remedy should be without regard .	0
if you swear ,  my lord ,  you shall not be forsworn .	0
peace ,  ho ,  for shame !	0
well, sir; my mistress is the sweetest lady.	0
father'd he is, and yet he's fatherless.	0
so have a seat and talk to her .	0
he looked to the side ,  and pay attention to what he saw then: under an oak tree—whose lower branches were mossy with age and top branches ancient and brittle—he saw a wretched beggar ,  with overgrown hair and beard ,  asleep on his back .	0
i do not in position distinctly speak of her; though i may fear ,  her will ,  recoiling to her better judgement ,  may fall to match you with her country forms ,  and happily repent .	0
the devil himself couldn’t say a name i hate more .	0
to vail the title ,  as her mother doth .	0
tis well thou art not fish; if thou hadst ,  thou hadst been poor - john .	0
ah ,  where's my man ?	0
one fairer than my love?	0
i will not fail .	0
i will compound this strife .	0
oh weary night, oh long and tedious night, cut your hours short!	0
i didn’t love you .	0
conrade ,  i say !	0
i stay too long .	0
yes, go ahead and smile on her; i will trap you in your own courtship.	0
i kiss the instrument of their desires .	0
no ,  cousin ,  i'm going to fife .	0
yes ,  boy ,  i’m ready .	0
go get ready.	0
she might lie by an emperor's side, and command him tasks.	0
i shouldn’t make you do your duty past your strength; i know young bloods look for time of rest.	0
and for the rest o' th' fleet ,  which i dispersed ,  they all have met again and are upon the mediterranean float ,  bound sadly home for naples ,  supposing that they saw the king’s ship wracked and his great person perish .	0
claudio !	0
what's the matter with thee now ?	0
he’s a clown ,  but ,  as i say ,  proud to own dirt .	0
if the tag - rag people did not clap him and hiss him according as he pleased and displeased them ,  as they use to do the players in the theatre ,  i am no true man .	0
didn’t you call him a liar ?	0
why he more than another ?	0
i am glad of it .	0
who ,  sir andrew aguecheek ?	0
who will thank us now ?	0
come .	0
let me see his face .	0
swear ?	0
oh ,  what a wonderful son ,  i can impress my mother !	0
pardon us ,  dear father .	0
what symptoms ,  my lord ?	0
now ,  hamlet ,  where's polonius ?	0
the beautiful rosaline whom you love so much will be at capulet’s traditional feast ,  along with every beautiful woman in verona .	0
so stood the state when henry the sixth was crowned in paris but at nine months old .	0
perhaps you have learned it without book.	0
what are we going to do ,  enobarbus ?	0
besides ,  i have some business in the town .	0
i know a lady in venice would have walked barefoot to palestine for a touch of his lower lip.	0
so i ,  wall ,  have discharged my part; and ,  being done ,  wall goes away like this .	0
pass the word along.	0
oh ,  whither hast thou led me ,  egypt ?	0
sir paris ,  i’ll make a desperate argument for my child’s love .	0
what kind of devil are you to torture me like this ?	0
no ,  i’m sure your grace won’t be able to persuade him to try a second round ,  even though you couldn’t dissuade him from trying the first .	0
actually ,  it’s my arm .	0
speak once again .	0
good gentle one ,  give me modest assurance if you be the lady of the house ,  that i may proceed in my speech .	0
why ,  man ?	0
give me some music .	0
and wake the goddess of love with a hymn; pierce your mistress’ ear with sweetest touches ,  and bring her home with music .	0
therefore let benedick ,  like covered fire ,  consume away in sighs ,  waste inwardly .	0
what music?	0
i can truly deliver all this .	0
your father was ever virtuous ,  and holy men at their death have good inspirations .	0
whither ,  my lord ? —cesario ,  husband ,  stay .	0
was this fair paper, this most goodly book, made to write “whore” upon?	0
well ,  we’ll see ’t .	0
i take pleasure in singing ,  sir .	0
o god ,  that men should put an enemy in their mouths to steal away their brains !	0
here, you incestuous, murderous, damned dane, drink this potion.	0
if these are true eyes in my head, here's a goodly sight.	0
welcome, my good friends.	0
is he gone ,  and he has nothing ?	0
in honored love .	0
o, my mind is full of scorpions, dear wife!	0
do this expediently ,  and turn him going .	0
i did not kill your husband .	0
we love him highly, and shall continue our graces towards him.	0
whiles i in this affair do thee employ ,  i'll to my queen ,  and beg her indian boy; and then i will her charmed eye release from monster's view ,  and all things shall be peace .	0
tongue ,  not a word .	0
unfaithful ,  my lord ?	0
he refuses ,  as he is free of vanity and self - serving pride and ascribes all the glory and responsibility for victory to god .	0
all take hands .	0
i do not know you so good a man as myself .	0
tie him to this chair . —you’ll see ,  criminal— by the gods ,  it’s disgraceful for you to pull my beard .	0
alas ,  what does this gentleman mean ?	0
my lord of burgundy .	0
tis good.	0
look ,  where he has turned pale ,  and has tears in his eyes .	0
thank the lord for alliances !	0
i won’t deny you anything !	0
horatio ,  thou art e'en as just a man as e'er my conversation cop'd withal .	0
is that so ?	0
we doubt not now but every rub is smoothèd on our way .	0
we came into the world as brother and brother ,  so now let’s enter hand in hand—not one before the other .	0
who sent you hither ?	0
yet ‘banished’?	0
wretched boy ,  you hung out with him here ,  and you’re going to go to heaven with him .	0
are you okay, my love?	0
yea , ’ quoth he ,  ‘dost thou fall upon thy face ?	0
gone ,  sir .	0
a guiltless death i die .	0
i am doubtful that you have been conjunct and bosomed with her as far as we call hers .	0
i’m torn .	0
i'll give thee a wind.	0
away !	0
to fetch her fan, her gloves, her mask, or anything?	0
that’s five to one .	0
please you, farther.	0
ay ,  madam .	0
i have to go to england ,  don’t you know that ?	0
my name, dear saint, is hateful to me because it is an enemy to you.	0
hath he set bounds between their love and me ?	0
is it so brave a lass ?	0
goodbye .	0
o most unhappy strumpet !	0
how now ,  my friend ,  why dost thou look so pale ?	0
pray thee ,  go seek him ,  and bring him to my tent .	0
such ghosts and goblins in my life ,  that ,  on my arrival ,  without any delay ,  no ,  not even to wait for the grinding of the axe ,  my head should be chopped off .	0
there is an emergency i must take care of ,  but my whole heart will remain here with you .	0
if i desecrate with my most unworthy hand this holy shrine of your hand ,  the gentle end is this ,  my lips ,  like two blushing pilgrims ,  ready stand to smooth that rough touch with a tender kiss .	0
his majesty ,  tend'ring my person’s safety ,  hath appointed this conduct to convey me to the tower .	0
my father is hard at study .	0
o most dear mistress, the sun will set before i shall discharge what i must strive to do.	0
my lord, the king your father.	0
did he charge interest ?	0
there’s meaning in thy snores .	0
i'll tell you before you ask me again .	0
you saw eternity in my lips and eyes ,  and happiness in the arch of my eyebrows .	0
the head is not more native to the heart ,  the hand more instrumental to the mouth ,  than is the throne of denmark to your father .	0
i wish i’d been there .	0
stand close awhile ,  for here comes one in haste .	0
it’s time to leave.	0
come, shall we go?	0
amen ,  amen .	0
wit shall not go unrewarded while i am king of this country .	0
and, to sink in it, you should outweigh love; too great oppression for a tender feeling.	0
here let them lie till famine and the ague eat them up.	0
did you find my daughter ?	0
i humbly thank your ladyship .	0
no, cassio is not killed.	0
what ,  an argument already ?	0
the juice of it on sleeping eyelids laid will make or man or woman madly dote upon the next live creature that it sees .	0
say something ,  man !	0
what can i do for you ?	0
what woman ,  then ?	0
orsino ,  this is the same antonio who took the	0
my lord is not my lord ,  nor should i know him were he in favor as in humor altered .	0
yet hear me, countrymen; yet hear me speak.	0
i tell you it is not very well.	0
i think he’s got the money .	0
i will assume thy part in some disguise and tell fair hero i am claudio ,  and in her bosom i’ll unclasp my heart and take her hearing prisoner with the force and strong encounter of my amorous tale .	0
are these ,  i beg you ,  wind instruments ?	0
the wine she drinks is made of grapes .	0
merciful heaven !	0
true ,  noble prince .	0
what a fool i’ve been !	0
if even then they don’t answer to your satisfaction ,  you can say that they’re not the men you thought they were .	0
tis gone ,  and will not answer .	0
what shall i do for you ?	0
to what end ?	0
tis gone!	0
how now ,  you secret ,  black ,  and midnight hags ?	0
first thing in the morning, see that you deliver it to my lord and father.	0
this is signor antonio .	0
don’t think it’s good to tell him, for who except a queen, fair, sober, wise, would hide from a frog, from a bat, a cat, such dear concerns?	0
me ,  a penny ?	0
o monstrous world !	0
but if you have a stomach ,  to ’t ,  i' god’s name: you shall have me assisting you in all .	0
i swear on my life and honor ,  he’ll sit here in the stocks until noon .	0
gertrude, don’t drink.	0
if you will please break this up, it will become clear.	0
why, i said nothing.	0
carried to colme creek ,  the sacred storehouse of his predecessors ,  and guardian of their bones .	0
o curses on marriage, that we can call these delicate creatures ours, and not control their appetites!	0
the moor has killed my mistress !	0
fourscore ducats at a sitting !	0
so we need another prologue to tell everyone he’s not a real lion .	0
you think of him too much .	0
you can have what you want .	0
i beg you.	0
i could not for my heart deny it him .	0
hie to high fortune !	0
dry up your tears and stick your rosemary on this fair corse ,  and ,  as the custom is ,  in all her best array bear her to church; for though fond nature bids us all lament ,  yet nature's tears are reason's merriment .	0
grab down chairs, windows, anything.	0
i like the morning .	0
i have been sent on ahead to light a fire ,  and they are coming after to warm themselves .	0
have more than you show ,  speak less than you know ,  lend less than you owe .	0
a daughter ?	0
so ,  dolabella ,  it shall content me best .	0
what if, when i am laid in the tomb, i wake up before the time that romeo is supposed to come and get me?	0
and they are gone .	0
does the king leave here today?	0
pray now ,  rest yourself .	0
i am sure ,  the duke will never grant this forfeiture to hold .	0
where they most breed and haunt ,  i have observed ,  the air is delicate .	0
if you choose that ,  then i am yours withal .	0
you don’t love me .	0
an’t please your honor ,  players that offer service to your lordship .	0
alas the day ,  i never gave him cause !	0
and when i told thee he was of my counsel of my whole course of wooing ,  thou cried’st  “ indeed ?  ”  and didst contract and purse thy brow together as if thou then hadst shut up in thy brain some horrible conceit .	0
well ,  what’s going on ,  mister ?	0
no ,  sir ,  worse off .	0
i will hence to-night.	0
stop right there ,  sir .	0
where is thy husband now ?	0
killed a cat ?	0
as i was sleeping under this yew tree here, i dreamed that my master and another fought, and that my master killed him.	0
if she can’t find out what’s wrong ,  then send him to england ,  or lock him up where you think is the best place .	0
i want to speak with clarence ,  and i came here on my legs .	0
oh, how fitting it is that that vile name should perish on my sword!	0
it is too rough, too rude, too boisterous; and it pricks like thorn.	0
oh ,  i were damned beneath all depth in hell ,  but that i did proceed upon just grounds to this extremity .	0
thy truth then be thy dower .	0
i' faith ,  if he be not rotten before he die—as we have many pocky corses nowadays that will scarce hold the laying in—he will last you some eight year or nine year .	0
i’m begging you.	0
the heavens only announce the deaths of princes .	0
shall i know your answer?	0
in mine ignorance your skill shall ,  like a star i' the darkest night ,  stick fiery off indeed .	0
someday you can get revenge . —oh ,  you bastard !	0
then i shall bleed to death .	0
watch his reaction .	0
we’ll meet at the duke's oak.	0
has he ,  masters ?	0
praise in departing.	0
if you say it isn’t true ,  i’ll give you a province and make you rich .	0
if you have a gut feeling ,  obey it .	0
never .	0
it was the lark, the messenger that says it’s morning, no nightingale.	0
it is too rough, too rude, too boist'rous, and it pricks like thorn.	0
well may it sort that this portentous figure comes armed through our watch ,  so like the king that was and is the question of these wars .	0
i admit it doesn’t look that way to me ,  and the fact that you suspect me shows that you’re smart .	0
follow him, friends.	0
let’s go back to court together ,  but	0
speak ,  count ,  ’tis your cue .	0
what should this mean?	0
tis late .	0
macbeth!	0
well ,  think of marriage now .	0
benvolio ,  who started this fight ?	0
he fell down in the market - place and foamed at mouth and was speechless .	0
is it daytime ?	0
why ,  what have you done ,  sweet beatrice ?	0
o ,  most wicked speed ,  to travel with such quickness to incestuous sheets !	0
i shall be pinched to death .	0
it’s damnation to think such a low thought; it’s too gross even to be used as her shroud in the obscure grave .	0
what would you, desdemona?	0
am i sorry that i only had one child ?	0
answer me like men.	0
not that i know of .	0
nay, that's certain.	0
the night has been chaotic .	0
won’t king richard let me speak with him ?	0
honey, you shall be well desired in cyprus; i have found great love amongst them.	0
hence, horrible shadow!	0
then you are damned .	0
i am glad that my weak words have struck but thus much show of fire from brutus .	0
what are we going to give as our excuse ?	0
hey out there !	0
even like that ,  lucilius .	0
what ,  can the devil speak true ?	0
no; you will reveal it .	0
we’ll mutiny .	0
oh ,  oh ,  oh !	0
isn’t someone waiting for me?	0
he's for a jig or a dirty tale ,  or he sleeps .	0
isn’t he an honest man ?	0
i’ve said too much in telling you of it .	0
demetrius thinks not so; he will not know what all but he do know.	0
i don’t think there’s a single unhappy subject living under the protection of your government .	0
ah ,  you sorceress !	0
the king's a - bed .	0
partly to confirm my opinion and partly for the satisfaction ,  see ,  of my mind ,  with respect to the demands of proper military practice—that’s the point ?	0
give me my armor .	0
ah ,  women ,  women !	0
we say the king is wise and good ,  and his noble queen is getting old ,  pretty ,  and not jealous .	0
widow dido !	0
no doubt ,  no doubt .	0
e’en as the o’erflowing nilus presageth famine .	0
only adam ,  rafe ,  and gregory were ready .	0
we will try it .	0
i have so much care and pity for you that you could call me friend .	0
i did .	0
well moused ,  lion .	0
you pale ,  ugly face !	0
i commanded the sleeves should be cut out and sewed up again ,  and that i’ll prove upon thee ,  though thy little finger be armed in a thimble .	0
here ,  sir !	0
why, then the devil give him good of it!	0
heaven keep that monster from othello's mind!	0
his name is romeo ,  and a montague ,  the only son of your great enemy .	0
i don’t know ,  madam .	0
farewell.	0
what to him from england ?	0
for what purpose ,  love ?	0
for three months .	0
get out of here ,  my friend .	0
when, at my pleasure, i had teased her, and she, calmly, begged my patience, i asked her for the indian child, which she gave me right away, and sent her fairy to carry him to my private place in fairy-land.	0
am i not an inch of fortune better than she ?	0
my lord and lady, it is now our time, that have stood by, and seen our wishes prosper, to cry, good joy; good joy, my lord and lady!	0
o single - sold jest ,  solely singular for the singleness !	0
i am for you .	0
nothing but to show you how a king may progress through the guts of a beggar.	0
what sayst thou to me now ?	0
what’s that noise ?	0
i sink under the heavy weight of love .	0
your dinner, and the generous islanders by you invited, do attend your presence.	0
no ,  cassius ,  no .	0
if only his lord were more like him .	0
i am glad this parcel of wooers are so reasonable; for there is not one among them but i dote on his very absence ,  and i pray god grant them a fair departure .	0
one knocks .	0
mark .	0
by whose direction found'st thou out this place ?	0
my lord ?	0
yes signior ?	0
indeed the top of admiration ,  worth what's dearest to the world !	0
claribel .	0
then pardon him ,  sweet father ,  for my sake .	0
shylock is my name .	0
that’s why your desires are wolfish ,  bloody ,  and ravenous .	0
what would you have said ,  my young york ?	0
what ,  rome ?	0
the reports came in as thick as hail and every one of them sang your praises in your great defense of the kingdom, and poured such praises down before the king.	0
here is the money.	0
i go .	0
some dear cause will in concealment wrap me up awhile .	0
why not ?	0
i’m seizing your lands and all that you possess until your brother gives testimony that absolves you of any guilt .	0
i do ,  mark antony .	0
these things ,  come thus to light ,  smother her spirits up .	0
you take me for a sponge, my lord?	0
what ,  he never made you laugh ?	0
what ,  removed ?	0
not even trivial things were left out .	0
remember thee !	0
stand close together ,  in case someone loyal to caesar tries to— don’t talk about standing together . —publius ,  cheer up .	0
now ,  eros .	0
but were i brutus ,  and brutus antony ,  there were an antony would ruffle up your spirits and put a tongue in every wound of caesar that should move the stones of rome to rise and mutiny .	0
for three months,—well.	0
what's the business, that such a hideous trumpet calls to parley the sleepers of the house?	0
come on; in this transaction ,  there can be no fear; my ships come home a month before the due date .	0
tis well i am found by you .	0
he has epilepsy ,  a disease where you fall down .	0
i have sent to find him and the body.	0
o villainy !	0
my lord ?	0
nothing in his life became him like the leaving it .	0
i am benedick .	0
do not forget .	0
will they not say afterwards ,  if they should grow themselves to common players (as it is most like if their means are no better) ,  their writers do them wrong to make them exclaim against their own succession ?	0
and for mine own part, i durst not laugh for fear of opening my lips and receiving the bad air.	0
how are you ,  hero ?	0
we are oft to blame in this— 'tis too much proved—that with devotion's visage and pious action we do sugar o'er the devil himself.	0
we know what belongs to a watch .	0
they’re very anxious for you to get there .	0
yes, my lord, i want to know that.	0
your threats don’t scare me ,  cassius ,  because i’m so secure in my honesty and integrity that they pass me by like a weak breeze .	0
what says that fool of hagar's offspring, huh?	0
now all the blessings of a glad father ,  compass thee about .	0
a whoreson ,  mad fellow's it was .	0
you can trust me .	0
what, out of hearing?	0
i shall ,  my lord .	0
no one .	0
murder has no tongue ,  but miraculously it still finds a way to speak .	0
what ,  a feast ,  a feast ?	0
macbeth!	0
one of them is too much like a painting of a man—he never speaks—and the other is too much like a spoiled little boy ,  always chattering .	0
well ,  we shall sift him .	0
what is thy news then ?	0
gaoler ,  look to him .	0
your ear is good .	0
now god in heaven bless thee !	0
why ,  what’s the matter ?	0
she knew an old song called  “ willow ”  that reminded her of her own story ,  and she died singing it .	0
o deadly sin !	0
but wait a minute !	0
i admit the cape .	0
your grace hath laid the odds o' th' weaker side .	0
i have great comfort from this fellow.	0
the king's son have i landed by himself, whom i left cooling of the air with sighs in an odd angle of the isle, and sitting, his arms in this sad knot.	0
blind is his love and best befits the dark .	0
what says the golden chest ?	0
yes ,  you’re right ,  her name is margery .	0
sleep dwell upon your eyes, peace in your breast!	0
nor is the wide world ignorant of her worth; for the four winds blow in from every coast renowned suitors, and her sunny locks hang on her temples like a golden fleece; which makes her seat of belmont, colchos' strand, and many jasons come in quest of her.	0
i have no personal reason to strike at him—only the best interest of the people .	0
yes ,  i see them coming .	0
won’t you be patient ?	0
o ,  let the heavens give him defense against the elements ,  because i have lost him on a dangerous sea !	0
when he stands where i am and sees you there .	0
pay for something i never got ?	0
but fear not yet to take upon you what is yours .	0
he just said that they’re no good at acting .	0
i do suffer love indeed ,  for i love thee against my will .	0
i agree .	0
my pretty cousin, blessing upon you!	0
my horse is a creature that i teach to fight, to wind, to stop, to run directly on, his bodily motions ruled by my whims.	0
who goes there?	0
and welcome more common ,  for that’s nothing but words .	0
fly further off, my lord, fly further off; mark antony is in your tents, my lord; fly, therefore, noble cassius, fly far off.	0
no, cassius, because the eye can only see itself in a mirror or by some other thing like it.	0
and must they all be hanged that swear and lie ?	0
do so ,  and bid my sweet prepare to chide .	0
the terms of our estate may not endure hazard so near us as doth hourly grow out of his brows.	0
you are as well provided in both respects as any prince in the world .	0
help me into some house, benvolio, or i shall faint.	0
if you have lost him ,  why ,  i have lost him too .	0
yes ,  probably ,  because i’m staying for lunch .	0
if i do find him fit, i'll ask for your favor, and try to get it done the best way i can.	0
it is with a good will .	0
we will talk about this more of this tomorrow.	0
o wonderful son ,  that can so astonish a mother !	0
sir ,  i bade them take away you .	0
where's your master ?	0
get up ,  man !	0
tis e'en so .	0
i like your joke, i swear.	0
i will bite thee by the ear for that jest.	0
murder most foul, as in the best it is; but this most foul, strange, and unnatural.	0
i’ll say you’re not feeling well .	0
will it not be received ,  when we have marked with blood those sleepy two of his own chamber and used their very daggers ,  that they have done ’t ?	0
and how doth she ?	0
god will take revenge .	0
i ne'er saw this before .	0
but sup them well and look unto them all .	0
romeo, there dead, was husband to that juliet; and she, there dead, was romeo's faithful wife.	0
be free and happy .	0
get you gone ,  and at the pit of acheron meet me i' th' morning .	0
did he receive you well ?	0
tell the hot duke that lear— no ,  but not yet .	0
this gentleman will out - talk us all .	0
get back to him quickly speed, and tell him what has happened.	0
what did you mean by that same handkerchief you gave me even now ?	0
o—desdemona— my lord ?	0
i’ll bring my wood home faster .	0
i hope my noble lord believes i am faithful .	0
but mark ,  poor knight ,  what dreadful dole is here !	0
couple it with something; make it a word and a blow .	0
i swear, lamond.	0
o ,  break ,  my heart !	0
i have to ask you something .	0
get away from me !	0
i’m not sad ,  my lord .	0
it is merely a lust of the blood and a permission of the will.	0
their guilt is finally starting to gnaw at them ,  like a slow - acting poison .	0
sometimes the love my subjects bring me is inconvenient ,  but i still accept it as love .	0
no ,  it is thyself ,  mine own self’s better part ,  mine eye’s clear eye ,  my dear heart’s dearer heart ,  my food ,  my fortune ,  and my sweet hope’s aim ,  my sole earth’s heaven ,  and my heaven’s claim .	0
the sun not yet thy sighs from heaven clears ,  thy old groans ring yet in my ancient ears .	0
don’t talk to me .	0
you know not whether it was his wisdom or his fear .	0
we’re not going to run in our army ,  monsieur monster .	0
if i let him go ,  the debt he owes will be required of me .	0
what would'st thou have with me?	0
he is not here ,  so please your lordship ,  that should sing it .	0
my name is roderigo .	0
there’s a similar mark on her arm .	0
i think that’s strange.	0
where have i been ?	0
yes ,  they have .	0
my name is roderigo .	0
the knave counterfeits well .	0
never to speak of this that you have heard: swear by my sword.	0
madam ,  madam ,  madam !	0
i remember when i was in love ,  i broke my sword on a stone ,  and told him to take that for coming at night to see jane smile .	0
thou saidst—oh ,  it comes o'er my memory ,  as doth the raven o'er the infectious house ,  boding to all—he had my handkerchief .	0
give me some comfort ,  nurse .	0
not yet quite dead ?	0
i make her angry sometimes by saying that paris is more handsome than you are .	0
but wherefore, villain, didst thou kill my cousin?	0
hail to your grace .	0
they stop and want to talk.	0
i’ll not deny him anything i have ,  no ,  not my body ,  nor my husband’s bed .	0
god be with you .	0
stanley dreamed the boar beheaded him ,  and i laughed and refused to flee with him .	0
for lead?	0
what have i ever done that he has anything to complain about ?	0
to make me bless'd ,  or cursed'st among men .	0
he says ,  for brutus' sake ,  he finds himself beholding to us all .	0
come ,  sirs .	0
welcome hither .	0
a foolish heart that i’m leaving behind here .	0
yes ,  and said nothing except that which i have every intention of doing .	0
i think so too.	0
we’re not saying anything treasonous ,  man .	0
a lover that kills himself most gallantly for love.	0
how say you by that?	0
there was more foolery yet ,  if i could remember it .	0
thou hast killed my child .	0
i can’t figure it out by myself !	0
nor i ,  assure thee ,  regan . — edmund ,  i hear that you have shown your father a childlike office .	0
young girls call it  “ love - in - idleness .  ”  bring me that flower .	0
no more, please; i am half afraid you will now say he is related to you, you spend such so many words in praising him.	0
no ,  sure ,  i cannot believe that he would steal away so guiltily ,  seeing you coming .	0
must i endure all this?	0
purpose is but the slave to memory ,  of violent birth ,  but poor validity; which now ,  like fruit unripe ,  sticks on the tree ,  but fall unshaken when they mellow be .	0
if the prophecy is true, i have defiled my soul for banquo's sons; i have murdered the gracious duncan for them, put doubts and bitter feelings into my mind only for them, and i have given my soul to the common enemy of man, just to make them kings, the sons of banquo kings!	0
laertes ,  i must commune with your grief ,  or you deny me right .	0
freedom ,  high - day ,  freedom !	0
o my heart!	0
and a good soldier too ,  lady .	0
we must not give in to hugs and kisses until midnight tomorrow .	0
it’s  “ never get tired .  ”  oh !	0
faith, i have heard too much, for your words and per- formances are no kin together.	0
as you can see ,  these lovers are looking for a place to fight .	0
what treasure did he have, my lord?	0
too early seen unknown ,  and known too late !	0
at least two hours past that .	0
as the time ,  the place ,  and the condition of this country stands ,  i could heartily wish this had not befallen .	0
lady ,  you know no rules of charity ,  which renders good for bad ,  blessings for curses .	0
a stone - cutter or painter could not have made him so ill though they had been but two years o' th' trade .	0
and what wilt thou do—beg when that is spent ?	0
he’s made me a little sore ,  i’ll admit .	0
her husband ,  sirrah ?	0
the article of my oath ?	0
that handkerchief which i so loved and gave you ,  you gave to cassio .	0
sayest thou that house is dark ?	0
welcome from mantua.	0
at least we'll die with harness on our back.	0
is it a man ?	0
no ,  you’d answer ,   “ the slaves are ours .  ”  and that’s just how i’m answering you .	0
that hath made him mad .	0
thanks for that .	0
i frown at him, but he still loves me.	0
do you see this ,  o god ?	0
she is to enter now, and i am to spy her through the wall.	0
what do you mean by  “ carriages ”  ?	0
no ,  i swear by my life and soul !	0
he is a very proper man .	0
you dance, you walk, and you whisper and nickname animals, and make your looseness your ignorance.	0
it’s time to end it ,  good lady .	0
don’t get up yet .	0
go on ,  and don’t leave any ritual out .	0
i’ll tell him the news .	0
what's this got to do with my lysander?	0
but i with blowing the fire shall warm myself .	0
what is this fuzzy logic ?	0
we’ll to dinner ,  thither .	0
since the vile lion vile has here taken my dear; which is—no ,  no—which was the fairest dame that lived ,  that loved ,  that liked ,  that looked with cheer .	0
we are attacked by ghosts .	0
marry ,  as for clarence ,  he is well repaid; he is franked up to fatting for his pains .	0
there’s good reason to escape when there’s no mercy to be found anymore .	0
now let it work . —mischief ,  you’re working !	0
well, we were born to die.	0
sin from my lips?	0
oh ,  a thousand times worse ,  a thousand times—and what a sweet personality she has !	0
brutus shall lead ,  and we will follow him with the most boldest and best hearts of rome .	0
twere good you do so much for charity.	0
we shall ,  my lord .	0
yes .	0
but i pray you, sir, are you fast married?	0
yeah ,  that would get every single one of us executed .	0
crude slaves with greasy aprons ,  rulers ,  and hammers shall lift us up so everyone can see .	0
i’ll tell thee ere thou ask it me again .	0
o young and noble cato, art thou down?	0
i will not say you shall see a masque ,  but if you do then it was not for nothing that my nose fell a - bleeding on black monday last at six o'clock i' th' morning falling out that year on ash wednesday was four year in th' afternoon .	0
he has confessed.	0
the british powers are marching hitherward .	0
behold her well; i pray you, look upon her.	0
what ,  ho !	0
old age always makes people act funny—even wise people ,  but fools more than anybody .	0
i swear ’tis better to be much abused than but to know ’t a little .	0
i am sorry for her ,  as i should be ,  since i am both her uncle and her guardian .	0
let pity not be believed .  ”  there she shook the holy water from her heavenly eyes ,  and clamor moistened .	0
you amaze me .	0
but fathers who are rich make their children kind .	0
and they have conspired together; i’ll not say you shall see a party ,  but if you do ,  then it was not for nothing that my nose started bleeding on last black monday at six o'clock in the morning ,  falling out that year on ash - wednesday was four years in the afternoon .	0
he took me by the wrist ,  and held me hard ,  then he went to the length of his whole arm ,  and with his other hand like this over his brow ,  he started such study of my face as though he wanted to draw it .	0
rest you merry !	0
come on ,  come on .	0
fiery ”  ?	0
that she was unfaithful in marriage?	0
i will go out .	0
oh ,  it sounded like a sweet breeze blowing gently over a bank of violets ,  taking their scent with it .	0
good god ,  i was about to say something .	0
polite sir ,  let me say one thing .	0
one that was a woman, sir; but, rest her soul, she's dead.	0
no more o’ that ,  my lord ,  no more o’ that .	0
call forth nathaniel ,  joseph ,  nicholas ,  philip ,  walter ,  sugarsop ,  and the rest .	0
tis his own blame .	0
cast it off !	0
the moon, i think, looks as if she has watery eyes, and when she weeps, every little flower weeps, lamenting some enforced chastity.	0
can you blame him ?	0
i shall in all my best obey you ,  madam .	0
i will incontinently drown myself .	0
murder!	0
zounds ,  that's fulsome !	0
comes his army on ?	0
time ,  thou the flighty purpose never is o'ertook unless the deed go with it .	0
yes ,  my lord .	0
sad ,  lady !	0
why, what an ass i am!	0
o ,  i was damned beneath all the depths of hell ,  and i proceeded on just grounds to this extremity .	0
parting is such sweet sorrow, that i shall say good night till it be morrow.	0
block up my house’s ears—i mean the windows .	0
who is it in the press that calls on me?	0
i have made bold, iago, to send in to your wife.	0
did it stay a long time ?	0
ay ,  he spoke greek .	0
no more ,  i pray thee .	0
they fled toward peloponnesus .	0
nothing ,  unless you render her again .	0
i dare damnation.	0
help, help!	0
live ,  roderigo ,  he calls me to give back all of gold and jewels that i robbed from him ,  as gifts to desdemona; it can’t happen .	0
to supper; to our house.	0
how did you find the quarrel on the seventh cause ?	0
let a dew as wicked as any my mother brushed from a polluted bog with raven's feather fall on both of you !	0
i will roar so well that it will do any man's heart good to hear me; i will roar so well that i will make the duke say, “let him roar again, let him roar again.” if you should do it too terribly, you would so frighten the duchess and the ladies, that they would scream; and that would be enough to hang us all.	0
marry ,  god forbid !	0
go to bed ,  francisco .	0
here's loud knocking indeed !	0
is he well ?	0
poor souls, they perished.	0
is love really tender ?	0
if thou ask me why ,  sufficeth my reasons are both good and weighty .	0
i know it’s foolish to be so much in love ,  but i can’t help it .	0
wait ,  let me hire him too . —here’s my fool’s cap ,  a token of my gratitude .	0
no, my hand will rather redden the many seas, making the green one red.	0
and even for that do i love you the more .	0
that's fouler .	0
by a name i know not how to tell thee who i am .	0
i am glad it’s night so that you can’t see me, because i am very ashamed of my costume; but love is blind, and lovers cannot see the pretty mischief that they themselves commit, because, if they could, cupid himself would blush to see me transformed to a boy like this.	0
are my deserts no better ?	0
then weigh what loss your honor may sustain if with too credent ear you list his songs ,  or lose your heart ,  or your chaste treasure open to his unmastered importunity .	0
never .	0
a howling monster ,  a drunken monster .	0
nay ,  never lay thy hand upon thy sword .	0
come ,  begin .	0
yes ,  i have gained my experience .	0
how now?	0
i have to go .	0
at the bottom ,  any change is for the better .	0
never mind ,  don’t tell me ,  for i have heard it all .	0
your hands than mine are quicker for a fray; my legs are longer though, to run away.	0
a piece of work that will make sick men whole.	0
romeo !	0
stay illusion!	0
if you’re going to die ,  be quick about it so you can catch the king’s departing soul or follow him ,  like obedient subjects ,  to his new kingdom of endless night .	0
who’s there ?	0
no ,  sir ,  their hats are drawn over their ears ,  and half their faces are buried in their cloaks ,  so that i couldn’t tell from their clothes or faces who any of them are .	0
there's millions now alive that nightly lie in those adulterous beds which they dare to swear is the first time .	0
and i ,  of ladies most deject and wretched ,  that suck'd the honey of his music vows ,  now see that noble and most sovereign reason ,  like sweet bells jangled ,  out of tune and harsh; that unmatch'd form and feature of blown youth blasted with ecstasy .	0
indeed, he’s not fit.	0
we are resolved, my lord.	0
but he would feel even better if i could tell him that you had left antony and put yourself under his protection .	0
oh ,  if i’ve got any influence over you at all ,  please patch things up with him .	0
let’s do it with no show of anxiety—no ,  with no more fear than if we’d heard that the english were busying themselves with folk dancing .	0
let it be so .	0
o limèd soul that ,  struggling to be free ,  art more engaged !	0
in heaven .	0
when in that moment so it came to pass ,  titania waked and straightway loved an ass .	0
with an eye of green in't.	0
she give it cassio!	0
my lord bassanio ,  since you have found antonio ,  we’ll leave you; but ,  at dinnertime ,  please remember where we’re meeting .	0
i will do anything ,  nerissa ,  before i’ll be married to a sponge .	0
heaven truly knows that thou art false as hell .	0
i will not choose what many men desire because i will not jump with common spirits and rank me with the barbarous multitudes .	0
o ,  a pit of clay for to be made for such a guest is meet .	0
that’s not good .	0
my father is not dead ,  is all you’re saying .	0
a bloody deed !	0
alas, how shall this bloody deed be answer'd?	0
thou speak’st wiser than thou art ware of .	0
why should she write to edmund ?	0
since the youth of the count’s was today with thy lady ,  she is much out of quiet .	0
madam ,  if you could find out but a man to bear a poison ,  i would temper it; that romeo should ,  upon receipt thereof ,  soon sleep in quiet .	0
i shall be there before thee .	0
come here !	0
you called ,  my lord ?	0
but speak you on .	0
there's not a one of them but in his house i keep a servant fee'd .	0
i had it of him: pardon me ,  bassanio: for by this ring the doctor lay with me .	0
we follow thee .	0
i have none .	0
i'll give you a wind for your sail.	0
thrice-blessed they that master so their blood to undergo such maiden pilgrimage; but earthlier happy is the rose distill'd than that which, withering on the virgin thorn grows, lives, and dies, in single blessedness.	0
she is damned for it.	0
i know a lady in venice would have walked barefoot to palestine for a touch of his lower lip .	0
now margaret’s curse is fall'n upon our heads ,  when she exclaimed on hastings ,  you ,  and i ,  for standing by when richard stabbed her son .	0
for mine own good all causes shall give way.	0
a happiness that often craziness hits on ,  which reason and sanity couldn’t arranged so happily .	0
pox on ’t !	0
your plantain leaf is excellent for that .	0
let the envoy from antony come in .	0
meet me and gratiano ,  at gratiano's lodging some hour hence .	0
it is too true an evil .	0
well ,  god is responsible for that ,  not me ,  and he deserves thanks .	0
please ,  let me review the contract .	0
i’m not lear .	0
what ,  is antonio here ?	0
you shall not come to them .	0
please ,  tell me some of them .	0
if you went in pain ,  master ,  this knave would go sore .	0
down on your knees and thank heaven ,  fasting ,  for a good man’s love ,  for i must tell you friendly in your ear ,  sell when you can; you are not for all markets .	0
worthy macbeth ,  we stay upon your leisure .	0
well ,  my lord .	0
in what particular thought to work i know not; but, in the gross and scope of my opinion, this bodes some strange eruption to our state.	0
and it might back up other evidence that may seem too flimsy .	0
we don’t know .	0
kate is as straight and slender as a hazel - twig ,  her hair as brown as hazelnut shells ,  and she herself sweeter than the kernels .	0
i’m sure you have your hands full preparing for the sudden festivities .	0
i follow thee.	0
then ,  if ever thou dar’st acknowledge it ,  i will make it my quarrel .	0
we give out the medicine for the sickly commonwealth ,  and with him we pour ,  into our country's purge ,  each drop of us .	0
give me my robe ,  for i will go .	0
after her ,  after her .	0
i don’t know .	0
only i have spoke with someone who saw him die ,  and he reported that he confessed his treasons very frankly; he begged your highness for pardon; and he seemed very sorry .	0
you counterfeit, you puppet, you!	0
you shall not seal to such a bond for me; i'll rather dwell in my necessity.	0
then he’ll be as calm and quiet as a dove waiting for her eggs to hatch .	0
musicians ,  play us a song . —prince ,  you look sad .	0
everything depends on this: either be out of here before the night watchmen take their positions ,  or leave in disguise after daybreak .	0
you go to friar lawrence’s cell .	0
where is he staying ?	0
come ,  for england !	0
very like a whale .	0
foreign savages who eat their own children for dinner will be as close to my heart as you ,  ex - daughter of mine .	0
there are yet missing of your company some few odd lads that you remember not.	0
while i threaten ,  he lives; words give breath to the heat of deeds that are too cold .	0
what was the last cry for ?	0
consider then that we come but in scorn .	0
god and the rope - maker bear me witness that i was sent for nothing but a rope .	0
his hour is almost past.	0
he would not take the crown .	0
have i not reason ,  beldams as you are ,  saucy and overbold ?	0
suffolk first died ,  and york ,  all haggled over ,  comes to him where in gore he lay insteeped and takes him by the beard ,  kisses the gashes that bloodily did yawn upon his face .	0
let’s see .	0
egeus, i will overbear your will; for in the temple, by and by, with us these couples shall eternally be knit.	0
no ,  my good lord .	0
and so it is, truly; and very notably discharged.	0
tell me in sadness who is that you love?	0
i’ll do it ,  sir .	0
from under the earth .	0
be angry when you will ,  it shall have scope .	0
why ,  for that too .	0
i prithee now ,  lead the way without any more talking . — trinculo ,  the king and all our company else being drowned ,  we will inherit here . —here ,  bear my bottle . —fellow trinculo ,  we’ll fill him by and by again .	0
could the lead one contain it ?	0
what do you mean by this haunting of me ?	0
he that you knows you, hamlet.	0
by running away?	0
very well .	0
therefore be out of hope, of question, doubt, be certain, nothing truer; it’s no joke that i do hate you and love helena.	0
i myself heard the king say he would not be ransomed .	0
and yet ,  to me ,  what is this highly refined speck of dust ?	0
i ask you ,  if you’ve kept this a secret ,  keep doing so .	0
is your news good or bad ?	0
i was sure your lordship didn’t give it me .	0
go ,  prick thy face and over - red thy fear ,  thou lily - livered boy .	0
insulting hermia !	0
it is my rival for bianca .	0
would the night were come.	0
let him appear that’s come from antony .	0
here he is ,  here he is .	0
come ,  death ,  and welcome !	0
think'st thou i'ld make a life of jealousy, to follow still the changes of the moon with fresh suspicions?	0
women are lucky ,  then .	0
i trouble thee too much ,  but thou art willing .	0
lose hope of your charm; and let the genius whom you still have served tell you, macduff was from his mother's womb delivered by caesarean section.	0
unless you’re talking about his love for this kind of foolishness—which ,  judging from his appearance ,  he has—he is no fool for love ,  as you pretend .	0
and be a happy mother by doing so .	0
how did you come to be the attack of this dreamer ?	0
this way ,  my lord; the castle's gently surrounded .	0
why ,  if two gods should play some heavenly match ,  and on the wager lay two earthly women ,  and portia one ,  there must be something else pawn'd with the other; for the poor rude world hath not her fellow .	0
as killing a king !	0
wouldst thou betray me ?	0
give me leave awhile .	0
who are you ?	0
a worthy pioner !	0
destiny, tell us what comes next.	0
but is it true ,  salanio ?	0
i don’t love you ,  so stop following me .	0
now lies he there ,  and there is no one too poor to pay him respect .	0
tis bitter cold ,  and i am sick at heart .	0
with as little a web as this will i ensnare as great a fly as cassio .	0
ay me, what act, that roars so loud and thunders in the index?	0
it is  “ music with her silver sound ”  because musicians have no gold for sounding .	0
i beg you, have some charity for my wit; don’t think it is so unwholesome.	0
you will feel the loss ,  but the man you weep for will feel nothing .	0
now, before god, i am so annoyed that every part about me quivers.	0
curly golden hair moves so nicely in the wind and makes a woman beautiful .	0
i wish you were happy to stay and hear his true confession .	0
hath an argosy cast away ,  coming from tripolis .	0
can you tell me whether rosalind ,  duke senior’s daughter ,  has also been banished ?	0
milan and naples have more widows in them of this business' making than we bring men to comfort them .	0
methinks your maw ,  like mine ,  should be your clock ,  and strike you home without a messenger .	0
come ,  high or low; yourself and duties skillfully show !	0
why might not you ,  my lord ,  receive attendance from those that she calls servants ,  or from mine ?	0
my liege ,  your highness now may do me good .	0
he has heard that word of some great man and now applies it to a fool .	0
go around the forest ,  moving faster than the wind ,  and make sure you find helena of athens . —she’s lovesick ,  and her face is pale from all the sighing she’s been doing ,  because sighing is bad for the blood .	0
o nature ,  what did you have to do in hell when you sheltered the spirit of a fiend in a deadly paradise of such sweet flesh ?	0
think you of a worse title ,  and i will fit her to it .	0
tomorrow ,  as he intends .	0
those that will hear me speak ,  let 'em stay here .	0
a roman .	0
but what do i care about words ?	0
you won’t make a liar out of me .	0
we will here part .	0
help !	0
you touched my vein at first .	0
it is one iago ,  ensign to the general .	0
set we our squadrons on yond side o’ th’ hill ,  in eye of caesar’s battle ,  from which place we may the number of the ships behold and so proceed accordingly .	0
i will not fail .	0
there’s little or nothing of that .	0
ay ,  madam .	0
if not ,  your pardon and my return shall be the end of my business .	0
don’t come near till you hear me call you .	0
whereby hangs a tale ,  sir ?	0
good morrow ,  caesar .	0
i’ll meet you at that place some hour hence .	0
but i am very sorry, good horatio, that to laertes i forgot myself, for by the image of my cause i see the portraiture of his.	0
on my knee ,  i humbly ask your blessing .	0
not so ,  sir ,  neither; i know my duty .	0
come.	0
yea ,  marry ,  let them come before me .	0
did you dare to look at him ,  being awake ,  and have you killed him sleeping ?	0
heaven rest them now!	0
you refused me both .	0
o, now, forever farewell to the peaceful mind!	0
no ,  unpin me here .	0
sweet ,  sweet ,  sweet nurse ,  tell me ,  what says my love ?	0
there’s a time for all things .	0
pompey is strong at sea ,  and it appears he is beloved of those that only have feared caesar .	0
o, yet i do repent me of my fury, that i did kill them.	0
what can he say about this ?	0
so the lion disappeared .	0
are you so hot?	0
these are unsightly tricks .	0
but who comes here ?	0
may a plague curse both your families .	0
yes, you are.	0
where was she born ?	0
lucius ,  a bowl of wine !	0
bring a corollary ,  rather than want a spirit .	0
they were traitors .	0
this a good block .	0
the dog returns to its own vomit ,  and the newly washed sow to its mud puddle .  ”  you’d take anything for a mistress .	0
she gave it him, and he has given it his whore.	0
i’ll write straight to my sister to hold my very course .	0
good ,  speak to th' mariners .	0
to prison until the right time of law and course of justice call you to answer.	0
what would you with her ,  sir ?	0
this tunis ,  sir ,  was carthage .	0
of all the days i' the year ,  i came to't that day that our last king hamlet overcame fortinbras .	0
young fortinbras, with conquest come from poland, to the ambassadors of england gives this warlike volley.	0
if you ever had a mother ,  come in quickly to sir john .	0
what did popilius lena say ?	0
i leave a slimy bastard with you ,  your worship ,  for you to punish and make an example of .	0
hide fox ,  and all after .	0
then have my lips the sin that they have took.	0
a play there is ,  my lord ,  some ten words long ,  which is as brief as i have known a play; but by ten words ,  my lord ,  it is too long ,  which makes it tedious; for in all the play there is not one word apt ,  one player fitted .	0
was not that cassio parted from my wife ?	0
does she ?	0
come ,  come away .	0
but i surrender all this magic now ,  when i’ve summoned some heavenly music to cast a spell ,  as i’m doing now ,  i’ll break my staff and bury it far underground ,  and throw my book of magic spells deeper into the sea than any anchor ever sank .	0
but you must not attract iron ,  because my heart is as true as steel .	0
utter your gravity o'er a gossip's bowl ,  for here we need it not .	0
when you do find him ,  or alive or dead ,  he will be found like brutus ,  like himself .	0
i have spoken this much to soften the justice of your plea, which if you follow, this strict court of venice must give a ruling against the merchant there.	0
thou dost conspire against thy friend ,  iago ,  if thou but think'st him wrong'd and makest his ear a stranger to thy thoughts .	0
well ,  good luck to them tonight in bed !	0
no ,  we’ll sneak away at supper time ,  disguise ourselves with masks at my house ,  and come back in an hour .	0
then stand with us .	0
do it again, come on.	0
honestly ,  i can’t .	0
it is a tale told by an idiot ,  full of sound and fury ,  signifying nothing .	0
i’ll leave now ,  to set all these things right .	0
you look angry .	0
go a little before .	0
something have you heard of hamlet’s  “ transformation ” —so call it since nor th' exterior nor the inward man resembles that it was .	0
some men there are love not a gaping pig ,  some that are mad if they behold a cat ,  and others ,  when the bagpipe sings i' th' nose ,  cannot contain their urine .	0
would ?	0
i charge you ,  go with me .	0
since he went to france ,  i have been in constant practice .	0
i shaked you ,  sir ,  and cried .	0
and that’s what you want me to do !	0
here ,  kiss the book .	0
leave me, friends.	0
why ?	0
know him ?	0
i thank your lordship ,  it is very hot .	0
sirs ,  the duke is coming from the temple; and there are two or three lords and ladies more married .	0
it will be short; the interim is mine, and a man's life's is no more than to say 'one.	0
why do you look like a frightened goose ?	0
why, you were with him, weren’t you?	0
no ,  no .	0
give me my principal ,  and let me go .	0
remorseless ,  treacherous ,  sex - obsessed ,  unnatural villain !	0
or it’s bottomless ,  at least: pour affection in one end ,  and it runs out the other .	0
hadst thou no poison mixed ,  no sharp - ground knife ,  no sudden mean of death ,  though ne'er so mean ,  but  “ banishèd ”  to kill me ? — “ banishèd ”  !	0
if he were dead ,  you’d be weeping for him .	0
i warrant it will .	0
what wilt thou tell her, nurse?	0
why was i born to this keen mockery ?	0
i led them on in this frightened ,  distracted state ,  and left sweet	0
my dear ?	0
my enemies help me understand myself better ,  which is an advantage ,  and my friends help me lie about myself ,  which is a disadvantage .	0
ha, they pluck out my eyes!	0
and you told me bury love.	0
that!	0
good morning ,  benedick .	0
the cure for confusion is not yelling and screaming .	0
my fairy lord ,  this must be done very quickly ,  because night is quickly coming to an end; and over there is the first hint of morning sunlight ,  which ,  when it is seen by ghosts wandering here and there ,  they all troop home to the graveyards .	0
you’re naughty .	0
where?	0
sleep a little .	0
go get him surgeons .	0
my master's a very jew .	0
romeo ,  romeo ,  romeo !	0
last night she slept not ,  nor tonight she shall not .	0
but, lepidus, go to caesar's house; go get the will here, and we shall determine how to cut off some appointments in legacies.	0
swart like my shoe ,  but her face nothing like so clean kept .	0
come ,  deal justly with me .	0
enough !	0
you should’ve saved me some trouble and taken it away yourself .	0
have you stolen it from her?	0
i ,  beyond all limit of whatever else in the world ,  do love ,  prize ,  honor you .	0
a bloody deed .	0
let me come to her.	0
iago ?	0
you wrong me every way .	0
ha ?	0
oh ,  go away ,  you’re a boring fool .	0
no.	0
it shall go hard if  “ cambio ”  go without her .	0
my ever-gentle cousin, welcome here.	0
sir ,  this is the truth: you and the rest—all the people who have ever talked about her—have all been wrong .	0
is he sane?	0
i will bring you there.	0
why so ,  being gone ,       why so ,  being gone ,  i am a man again .	0
why ,  what a king is this !	0
on the outs with the girl i love.	0
he did ask favor .	0
the count claudio shall marry the daughter of leonato .	0
o heaven defend me !	0
ay, and wisely.	0
but don’t keep wondering without more proof .	0
you’re making fun of me .	0
do you wish then that the gods had made me poetical ?	0
by the light of heaven ,  no ,  i would not !	0
and hell gnaw his bones !	0
a mote it is to trouble the mind's eye .	0
there he is !	0
women grow by men .	0
lady ,  by the blessed moon up there ,  that tips with silver all these fruit - tree tops ,  i swear o ,  don’t swear by the moon ,  the inconstant moon ,  that monthly goes through changes in her circled orbit ,  for fear that your love prove as variable as the moon .	0
my request to her is, that she will manage to get me access to virtuous desdemona.	0
such a one i am to fear ,  not anyone else .	0
here’s to thy health .	0
othello, the fortitude of the place is best known to you; and though we have there a substitute of most allowed sufficiency, yet opinion, a sovereign mistress of effects, throws a more safer voice on you.	0
if any ,  speak ,  for him have i offended .	0
heaven make thee free of it .	0
some kind of fountain ?	0
they have their exits and their entrances ,  and in his lifetime a man will play many parts ,  his life separated into seven acts .	0
i would i were thy bird.	0
tomorrow ,  sir ,  i’m fighting for my reputation ,  and any man who gets away without a broken bone or two is an exceptional wrestler indeed .	0
his captain’s heart ,  which in the scuffles of great fights hath burst the buckles on his breast ,  reneges all temper and is become the bellows and the fan to cool a gypsy’s lust .	0
well, shylock, shall we be indebted to you?	0
the gates of mercy shall be all shut up ,  and the fleshed soldier ,  rough and hard of heart ,  in liberty of bloody hand ,  shall range with conscience wide as hell ,  mowing like grass your fresh fair virgins and your flow'ring infants .	0
generous madam, whatever shall become of michael cassio, he'll never be anything but your true servant.	0
please ,  good bassanio ,  tell me; and if it is ,  honorable ,  as you yourself still are ,  be assured that my purse ,  my person ,  my utmost ability can be used for your benefit .	0
to do what ,  signior ?	0
yes ,  my lord .	0
yes ,  yes ,  it was bassanio; as i think ,  so was he called .	0
delay this marriage for a month, a week; or, if you don’t, make my bridal bed in that dim tomb where tybalt lies.	0
where is metellus cimber ?	0
ancient damnation!	0
bid them all fly ,  for when i am revenged upon my charm ,  i have done all .	0
it’s absurd .	0
o heaven ! —how got she out ?	0
tomorrow i’ll be at the depths of my misery thinking about the happiness my brother has achieved ,  in having what he wished for .	0
i know no ways to mince it in love ,  but directly to say ,   “ i love you .  ”  then if you urge me farther than to say ,   “ do you ,  in faith ?  ”  i wear out my suit .	0
never ,  my lord .	0
something of the moment ,  then .	0
where was she born ?	0
so goodbye ,  my lady .	0
my eyes are made the fools of by the other senses ,  or else my eyes are worth all the rest .	0
she’s dead to me .	0
and from henceforth when you are over - earnest with your brutus ,  he’ll think your mother chides and leave you so .	0
what’s her skin like ?	0
o, horrible!	0
even he ,  madam .	0
i'll look at him to like him, if, just by looking, i can like him, but i will not go any further than your consent gives my action strength to make it fly.	0
antonio, i am married to a wife who is as dear to me as life itself; but life itself, my wife, and all the world, are not worth more to me than your life; i would lose everything, yes, sacrifice them all here to this devil, to save you.	0
how now, balthasar?	0
what soldiers ,  fool ?	0
why let it strike ?	0
what are you doing here in elsinore ?	0
didn’t you see that?	0
merciful heaven!	0
well ,  we shall figure him out .	0
o cassio, cassio, cassio!	0
demetrius loves her ,  and he doesn’t love you .	0
he sends to know if your pleasure hold to play with laertes ,  or that you will take longer time .	0
the lady doth protest too much ,  methinks .	0
you .	0
that is hot ice and wondrous strange snow.	0
i’ve told you everything i know .	0
where has caesar deserved your loves like this ?	0
he is not very tall—yet for his years he’s tall .	0
i guarantee it will.	0
what touches us ourself shall be last served .	0
i loved you not.	0
have you your father's permission ?	0
stay, and speak!	0
ah ha !	0
my blessing instill these things in you !	0
let me keep weeping for such a great loss .	0
don’t shed any blood ,  or cut less or more than exactly a pound of flesh .	0
oh ,  that splendid caesar !	0
my lord, the king your father.	0
you shall not go ,  my lord .	0
then weep no more.	0
where is the fool i sent on ahead ?	0
should i have answered caius cassius so ?	0
i am the worst person alive ,  and i know it the best .	0
yes ,  one ,  and this is how i did it .	0
that matter is answered directly.	0
it is some meteor that the sun exhales to be to thee this night a torchbearer and light thee on thy way to mantua.	0
i never did regret doing good ,  and i won’t now; because in companions that talk and waste the time together ,  whose souls bear an equal burden of love ,  there must be a sharing of things like proportion of limbs ,  manners ,  and spirit ,  which makes me think that this antonio ,  being the closest friend of my lord ,  must be like my lord .	0
prepare yourselves ,  generals .	0
what, did caesar swound?	0
thy spirits are most tall .	0
my heart is thirsty for that noble promise .	0
my brother shall know of it.	0
shall we shog ?	0
be as lazy and neglectful as you like around him—you and the other servants .	0
no more .	0
we’ll eat at her place .	0
darling kate !	0
for when she saw— which never shall be found—you did suspect she had disposed with caesar ,  and that your rage would not be purged ,  she sent you word she was dead .	0
where are my swiss guards?	0
indeed they say the senators tomorrow mean to establish caesar as a king ,  and he shall wear his crown by sea and land ,  in every place save here in italy .	0
i will do anything, nerissa, ere i will be married to a sponge.	0
ho ,  ho ,  ho ,  ho !	0
yes ,  that you did ,  sir ,  and forswore it too .	0
what’s the news ?	0
say to the king i would attend his leisure for a few words .	0
where do i dwell?	0
holy father lawrence instructed me to fall on my knees and beg your forgiveness .	0
come hither ,  fellow .	0
now ’mongst this flock of drunkards am i to put our cassio in some action that may offend the isle .	0
most constantly .	0
i’ll get free of you .	0
the mousetrap .	0
no ,  corin ,  being old ,  thou canst not guess ,  though in thy youth thou wast as true a lover as ever sighed upon a midnight pillow .	0
antonio is a good man .	0
almost at odds with morning ,  which is which .	0
for with throwing thus my head ,   dogs leap the hatch ,  and all are fled .	0
signior bassanio, hear me: if i do not put on a sober habit, talk with respect, and swear but now and then, wear prayer-books in my pocket, look demurely; nay more, while grace is saying, hood mine eyes thus with my hat, and sigh, and say amen; use all the observance of civility, like one well studied in a sad ostent to please his grandam,—never trust me more.	0
i am the unhappy subject of these quarrels .	0
the time is free.	0
ross: his absence, sir, lays blame upon his promise.	0
come, let's do so; for every minute is expectancy of more arrivance.	0
my good lord !	0
if hamlet gives the first or second hit, or quits in answer of the third exchange, let all the battlements fire their ammunition, the king shall drink to hamlet's better breath, and in the cup he shall throw a pearl, richer than that which four successive kings have worn in denmark's crown.	0
o charmian ,  i will never go from hence .	0
that i can keep your counsel, and not mine own.	0
and made your other love, demetrius, who even but now did spurn me with his foot, to call me goddess, nymph, divine, and rare, precious, celestial?	0
why ,  here is the note of the fashion to testify .	0
brown ,  madam ,  and she wouldn’t want her forehead to be any lower .	0
no ,  i will go seek some ditch wherein to die .	0
i have great comfort from this fellow .	0
i will be satisfied or shamed.	0
i was provokèd by her sland'rous tongue ,  that laid their guilt upon my guiltless shoulders .	0
i have it ready for you .	0
i’ll go to the hole to see if i can hear my thisbe’s face .	0
where’s the king ?	0
and you are well met ,  signior hortensio .	0
come ,  sir ,  to dinner . —dromio ,  keep the gate .	0
twill bring you gain or perish on the seas .	0
revenge , —go , —find , —burn , —fire , —kill , —slay , — don’t let a traitor live !	0
in which predicament, i say, thou stand'st: for it appears by manifest proceeding, that, indirectly, and directly too, thou hast contriv'd against the very life of the defendant; and thou hast incurr'd the danger formerly by me rehears'd.	0
or came it by request, and such fair question as soul to soul affordeth?	0
tell the duke of albany to prepare for war immediately .	0
it seems to be the truth .	0
then ,  venom ,  to thy work .	0
thou hast some suit to caesar ,  hast thou not ?	0
let him approach .	0
listen, clitus.	0
it's the wind .	0
goodbye ,  sir .	0
i fear it is too choleric a meat .	0
i do know ,  when the blood burns ,  how prodigal the soul lends the tongue vows .	0
how does my bounteous sister?	0
let the old ruffian know i have many other ways to die ,  meantime laugh at his challenge .	0
make your eyes jump out of their sockets ,  and your hair stand on end like porcupine quills .	0
o antony !	0
a fair woman !	0
what he just said to me—it’s alright .	0
welcome ,  my friends all .	0
o the pernicious caitiff!	0
look here, sir, first ask what danes are in paris, and how, and who, what means, and where they live, what company, at what expense, and finding, by this talking around and drift of questions, that they who do know my son, come nearer to you than your particular questions will touch it.	0
that i ask again, for nothing can be ill if she be well.	0
why has all this been put on the table ?	0
good metellus ,  go to him now .	0
no, as i am a man.	0
be trusty ,  and i’ll quit thy pains .	0
now ,  good metellus ,  go ask him .	0
come ,  civil night ,  you sober - suited matron ,  all in black ,  and teach me how to lose a winning match ,  played for a pair of stainless maidens .	0
you sent me to the bay ,  sir ,  for a bark .	0
i have looked upon the world for four times seven years ,  and since i could distinguish betwixt a benefit and an injury i never found man that knew how to love himself .	0
speak!	0
i thought all for the best.	0
peace ,  ho ,  for shame !	0
is not that he?	0
the strangeness of your story put heaviness in me .	0
that’s what her mother always tells me .	0
your answer ?	0
that’s enough for one lesson .	0
what kind of crude jerk are you ?	0
then you and i and all of us fell down ,  while bloody treason triumphed .	0
i shall grow jealous of you shortly, launcelot, if you thus get my wife into corners.	0
alas, how are you, that you look on empty space, and carry on a conversation with the invisible air?	0
remember what i’ve told you .	0
quickly send— be brief in it—to th' castle ,  for my writ is on the life of lear and on cordelia .	0
sir, i wish she would give you as much of her lips as she often gives me of her tongu., you'd have enough.	0
wife!	0
i, beyond all limit of what else i'th’ world, do love, prize, honour you.	0
good morning to both of you .	0
his eyes are red as fire with weeping .	0
i don’t cross you ,  but i will .	0
i only need to show your sword to caesar and tell him about your death to get into his good favor .	0
do you triumph ,  roman ?	0
amen ,  amen ,  i say to that fair prayer ,  and then my life end when i end loyalty !	0
i think it was to see my mother’s wedding .	0
not being the worst stands in some rank of praise .	0
i was the more deceived .	0
dost know this water - fly ?	0
take comfort .	0
do you intend to sink us?	0
give you good morrow .	0
if any wretch have put this in your head ,  let heaven requite it with the serpent's curse !	0
have your wife attend to her ,  and bring them along as soon as you can .	0
o, yes, my lord!	0
give me some light ,  away !	0
ay ,  and a bold one ,  that dare look on that which might appall the devil .	0
oh ,  darling orlando ,  it’s so hard to see you wearing your heart in a sling .	0
these cowards manage to make fools of brave men .	0
stop your unholy work ,  vile montague !	0
eight wild boars roasted whole at a breakfast—and but twelve persons there !	0
you are in the right.	0
as they pass by ,  grab casca by the sleeve ,  and he’ll tell you if anything important happened today—in his usual sour way .	0
why ,  what if they are vile and false ,  where's that palace that foul things sometimes intrude ?	0
if it were now to die ,  'twere now to be most happy ,  for i fear my soul hath her content so absolute that not another comfort like to this succeeds in unknown fate .	0
what fray was here ?	0
it is written that shoemakers and tailors should play with each others' tools ,  that fisherman should play with paints ,  and painters should play with with fishing nets .	0
is this the noble moor whom our full senate said had it all ?	0
no .	0
antonio ,  i am married to a wife ,  which is as dear to me as life itself; but life itself ,  my wife ,  and all the world are not with me esteem'd above thy life; i would lose all ,  ay ,  sacrifice them all here to this devil ,  to deliver you .	0
i wonder if the lion be to speak .	0
here .	0
are you such believers in the gospel that you would pray for this good man and for his children, the same man whose heavy hand has led you to death, and made your families beggars?	0
the thief gone with so much, and so much to find the thief; and no satisfaction, no revenge: nor no ill luck stirring but what lights o' my shoulders; no sighs but o' my breathing: no tears but o' my shedding.	0
that’s what i want you to tell me .	0
thus may we gather honey from the weed and make a moral of the devil himself .	0
you have lost no reputation at all ,  unless you believe yourself to be such a loser .	0
was the duke of milan thrown out of milan ,  that his children should become kings of naples ?	0
who could be out ,  being before his beloved mistress ?	0
for shame!	0
i have done no more to caesar than you shall do to brutus .	0
see, who comes here?	0
tis well for thee that ,  being unseminared ,  thy freer thoughts may not fly forth of egypt .	0
whether your mouth is black or white ,  do - dee ,  dee - dee da .	0
i charge you ,  go with me .	0
is it possible a cur can lend three thousand ducats ?  ”  or shall i bend low and in a bondman’s key with bated breath and whispering humbleness say this:	0
i’m a fool . —let’s go ,  lorenzo . —goodbye for now .	0
yet here she is allowed her virgin crants ,  her maiden strewments ,  and the bringing home of bell and burial .	0
damn it, old dead man!	0
i’ll poison you ,  or beat you with a club ,  or stab you with a sword .	0
i didn’t say anything .	0
are you so gospell'd ,  to pray for this good man and for his issue ,  whose heavy hand hath bow'd you to the grave and beggar'd yours for ever ?	0
farewell, dear mother.	0
o brave touch !	0
i am the son of marcus cato !	0
would he have stolen away from sleeping hermia?	0
you are my love ,  i think .	0
i have it ready .	0
death is my heir .	0
o gentle romeo, if thou dost love, pronounce it faithfully.	0
what’s your name ?	0
the moon is down .	0
surely there's some magic in this handkerchief; i am very unhappy at the loss of it .	0
miranda—o my father!	0
but, o, what form of prayer can serve my turn?	0
if they have spoken the truth about hero ,  i will tear her apart with my bare hands .	0
i knew you must be aware of the margin before you had finished .	0
for learn this ,  silius: better to leave undone than by our deed acquire too high a fame when him we serve’s away .	0
for once tell the truth; tell the truth ,  even for my sake .	0
how unfortunate to meet you by moonlight ,  proud titania .	0
this you should pity rather than despise .	0
if there were anything inside their heads ,  they could never wear such heavy helmets .	0
come on ,  sir .	0
let the air they ride on be infected and let all those that trust them be damned!	0
from their saddles into the dirt—but that’s another story .	0
then there’s hope a great man’s memory may outlive his life half a year .	0
i will not speak with her .	0
to who ?	0
call in the messengers sent from the dauphin .	0
i pray the gods she may ,  with all my heart !	0
that must mean a sword .	0
pray you ,  let cassio be received again .	0
aside] it goes on, i see, [aside] as my soul prompts it.	0
go get money .	0
caesar’s .	0
to ferdinand] if i have too austerely punished you ,  [to ferdinand] if i have too your compensation makes amends ,  for i have given you here a third of mine own life— or that for which i live—who once again i tender to thy hand .	0
whatever you want—i made it for you .	0
you attract me to you ,  you cruel magnet !	0
we understand you’re just doing it for us ,  and we’ll be sure to say so .	0
you take your pennyworths now .	0
there is no indication of the mighty army that surrounds them in his expression ,  nor has the long ,  sleepless night robbed his face of an ounce of color .	0
there is no ancient gentlemen but gardeners ,  ditchers ,  and grave - makers .	0
whoever he is that ,  in this disgusting event ,  has tricked your daughter of herself like this ,  and you of her ,  the bloody book of law you shall read yourself to the bitter letter of it as you see fit .	0
gentlemen ,  i hope you are well .	0
lo you ,  here she comes .	0
who is ’t that cried ?	0
but if you have sex with her before the marriage ceremony takes place ,  the heavens will not bless your relationship ,  but will overwhelm you with hate ,  contempt ,  and discord ,  and will poison your marriage bed so that you both grow to loathe it .	0
what miracle will he work next ?	0
but well and free ,  if thou so yield him ,  there is gold ,  and here my bluest veins to kiss—a hand that kings have lipped ,  and trembled kissing .	0
i have heard it said so .	0
if that’s all ,  gentlemen ,  i see no problem .	0
why, i can buy me twenty at any market.	0
not for cadwallader and all his goats .	0
get horses for your mistress .	0
there ,  take it ,  prince .	0
then you must speak of one that loved not wisely ,  but too well; of one not easily jealous ,  but ,  being aggravated ,  confused in the extreme; of one whose hand ,  like the low judas ,  threw a pearl away that was richer than all his tribe; of one whose sad eyes ,  albeit unused to a crying spell ,  drop tears as fast as the arabian trees drop their medicinal gum .	0
your statue spouting blood through many holes ,  in which many smiling romans bathed ,  means that you’ll provide great rome with sustaining blood ,  and that great men will strive to get some token of approval from your holy blood .	0
were i in england now ,  as once i was ,  and had but this fish painted ,  not a holiday fool there but would give a piece of silver .	0
know ,  my hearts ,  i hope well of tomorrow ,  and will lead you where rather i’ll expect victorious life than death and honor .	0
this speech is going on too long .	0
by this light ,  thou shalt be my lieutenant ,  monster ,  or my standard .	0
have a nice day !	0
if you care about your life ,  shake off slumber ,  and beware .	0
sometimes from her eyes i did receive fair speechless messages .	0
i do not, sir.	0
when i came back ,  for this was brief ,  -  - i found them close together ,  everyone was fighting ,  even as again they were when you yourself parted them .	0
i’ll call it  “ bottom’s dream ”  because it’s so deep that it has no bottom .	0
farewell ,  kind lord .	0
have you that i sent you for ?	0
hie you ,  make haste ,  for it grows very late .	0
what cheer ,  my love ? — demetrius and egeus ,  go along .	0
i’ll take a look at your letter .	0
i am not required to please you with my answer.	0
poor prattler, how you talk!	0
i'd have you live; because, in my thinking, it is happiness to die.	0
no ,  that's not your way .	0
i will cut off their heads .	0
he’s given me a second life ,  and marrying her makes him a second father to me .	0
thou know’st the first time that we smell the air we wawl and cry .	0
yes .	0
good .	0
the sun will not show his head for sorrow .	0
my ancestors drove tarquin from the streets of rome when he was called a king.— "speak, strike, revenge!	0
don’t mess with me .	0
listen !	0
most like.	0
when shall we three meet again ?	0
prison, my lord?	0
not a soul but felt a fever of the mad and played some tricks of desperation .	0
but ,  i pray you ,  let none of your people stir me .	0
let me shake your hand .	0
from then on we’ll turn our backs on athens .	0
o ,  do you think we shall ever meet again ?	0
how now ,  malvolio ?	0
follow me.	0
i'll tear her all to pieces .	0
my life upon her faith !	0
i thank you ,  doctor .	0
why are you looking at me so strangely ?	0
then you really are insane ,  if you’re no saner than a fool .	0
no ,  pray thee ,  let it serve for table - talk; then ,  howso'er thou speak'st ,  'mong other things i shall digest it .	0
when he needs what you have found out ,  it is by squeezing you ,  and ,  sponge ,  you shall be dry again .	0
yet i have not seen so likely an ambassador of love .	0
poor soul ,  your face is very wet with tears .	0
security gives way to conspiracy .	0
name them .	0
let those who will hear me speak stay .	0
i didn’t think you could be so angry .	0
but ,  tell me ,  is young george stanley alive ?	0
me they shall feel while i am able to stand ,  and ’tis known i am a pretty piece of flesh .	0
certainly ,  your grandmother had a worse match .	0
here is a place reserved, sir.	0
this passion ,  and the death of a dear friend ,  would go far in making a man look sad .	0
did my heart love till now ?	0
even from that .	0
my young remembrance cannot parallel a fellow to it .	0
welcome from mantua.	0
fare thee well .	0
i am too good to be in love with someone so low !	0
none does offend—none ,  i say ,  none .	0
excellent well !	0
none, my lord, but that the world's grown honest.	0
who doesn’t know he’s dead ?	0
who's that ?	0
have you come by night ,  and stolen my love's heart from him ?	0
who shall stay you?	0
macbeth !	0
hero itself can blot out hero’s virtue .	0
i am indeed, sir, a surgeon to old shoes; when they are in great danger, i recover them.	0
ely with richmond troubles me more near than buckingham and his rash - levied strength .	0
ah ,  ha ,  my lord ,  this prince is not an edward !	0
let's follow ,  gertrude .	0
you really don’t recognize me ,  father ?	0
don’t swear at all; or if you will ,  swear by your own gracious self ,  which is the god that i worship ,  and i'll believe you .	0
adieu .	0
no ,  i am the very small spot of courtesy .	0
i go .	0
what do you think of his belief ?	0
come ,  trusty sword .	0
i conjure thee by all the saints in heaven .	0
and i departed in a rage ,  right ?	0
go with me to bless this twain, that they may prospus be and honoured in their issue.	0
they bleed on both sides .	0
oh, good sir, i am!	0
i have only come in—like the others have—to try to fight him with the strength of my youth .	0
when the moon was shining, we did not see the candle.	0
i am not required to please you with my answer .	0
danger knows full well that caesar is more dangerous than he .	0
i speak too loud . — where’s malvolio ?	0
so farewell.	0
tempt not too much the hatred of my spirit; for i am sick when i do look on thee.	0
my lady told me to tell you that while she lets you stay at her house because you’re a relative ,  she doesn’t approve of your behavior .	0
where left we last ?	0
sooth ,  madam ,  i hear nothing .	0
why should titania cross her oberon ?	0
if you outstay the time ,  upon mine honor and in the greatness of my word ,  you die .	0
canidius ,  our nineteen legions thou shalt hold by land ,  and our twelve thousand horse .	0
get you gone ,  and at the pit of acheron meet me i’ the morning .	0
away, then!	0
go ahead .	0
adieu ,  good neighbor .	0
what cursed foot wanders this way tonight, to disturb my funeral prayers and the rites of true love?	0
therefore weep .	0
indeed ,  you would be out if i were your mistress—if my chastity is worth as much as my wit .	0
i will ,  sir .	0
i'll run from thee and hide me in the brakes, and leave thee to the mercy of wild beasts.	0
he hates our sacred nation; and he abuses me ,  even there where merchants congregate most of the time ,  insulting me ,  my bargains ,  and my well - won success ,  which he calls interest .	0
on me ,  though i am limping and deformed ?	0
tell him that when our noble father ,  the duke of york ,  gave his three sons his blessing ,  he never imagined that our friendship would come to this .	0
bid every noise be still .	0
don’t spend any more time here .	0
you’re lying ,  you shaggy - haired villain !	0
knock knock knock, knock!	0
i grant indeed it hath not appeared ,  and your suspicion is not without wit and judgement .	0
at least i’ve got some booze to comfort me .	0
come, go with me.	0
listen to him speaking in quarter notes !	0
why, know'st thou any harm's intended towards him?	0
i urged you further; then you scratch'd your head ,  and too impatiently stamp'd with your foot .	0
do you know where we may apprehend her and the moor ?	0
thou canst not teach me to forget.	0
i will not long be troubled with you .	0
i saved his life and gave him my love ,  without reservation .	0
what ,  ho !	0
he attendeth here hard by ,  to know your answer ,  whether you'll admit him .	0
something is rotten in the state of denmark .	0
servant ,  go get drier logs .	0
i will deal in poison with thee ,  or in bastinado ,  or in steel .	0
let’s hear him .	0
who dead ?	0
one of my fellows had the speed of him ,  who ,  almost dead for breath ,  had scarcely more than would make up his message .	0
an if you leave me so ,  you do me wrong .	0
bite him to death ,  i prithee .	0
are you going to let us in ?	0
and liegemen to the dane .	0
even someone with a good and virtuous nature might give way to a royal command .	0
she’s always talking when i want to sleep .	0
in any case ,  our survival depends on putting together the strongest force possible .	0
barnardo has my place .	0
this is the house where lorenzo wanted us to wait.	0
then i hope night shadows your day ,  and death takes your life !	0
these couchings and these lowly courtesies might fire the blood of ordinary men and turn preordinance and first decree into the law of children .	0
does he rave ?	0
if there are ropes or knives ,  poison or fire ,  or suffocating streams ,  i'll not endure it .	0
you sing ,  and i’ll dance .	0
and for that purpose i'll anoint my sword .	0
my lord ,  i’m leaving .	0
now you and i have a new friendship ,  and will solemnly dance in duke theseus' house triumphantly ,  tomorrow at midnight and bless it for all fair prosperity .	0
there is too great testimony in your complexion that it was a passion of earnest .	0
thy husband knew it all.	0
did we, my lord?	0
faith, that was not good; still i wish i knew if that stroke would prove to be the worst!	0
the noble brutus is ascended.	0
how goes the world with thee ?	0
good morning to you both !	0
what ,  shall this speech be spoke for our excuse ?	0
thou dost snore distinctly .	0
my library was a large enough dukedom for me .	0
the earth ,  that’s nature’s mother ,  is her tomb .	0
you'd be king of the island ,  servant ?	0
early in the morning i’ll go visit desdemona and plead my case .	0
she unfaithful with cassio!	0
oh sirs ,  consider this: those who sent you to do this deed will hate you for doing it .	0
not that i love you not .	0
she is daughter to this famous duke of milan, who i have so often heard has a great reputation, but that i never saw before; of whom i have received a second life: and this lady makes him a second father to me.	0
where did you leave him ?	0
but miranda is so much more beautiful ,  you can’t even compare the two .	0
i must admit your offer is the best .	0
well then ,  your promise to pay; and ,  let me see .	0
how cam'st thou hither?	0
i’ll be off before you are .	0
what change is this ,  sweet love ?	0
i am glad that my weak words have struck but thus much show of fire from brutus.	0
ah, juliet, if the amount of your joy is heaped up like mine, and that your sense of right be more to adorn it with, then sweeten this neighboring air with your breath, and let rich music's language reveal the imagined happiness that we both receive in this dear meeting.	0
and now ,  good sweetheart ,  tell me your opinion ,  how do you like lord bassanio's wife ?	0
yet ,  when i saw it last ,  it was besmeared as black as vulcan in the smoke of war .	0
i’ll stop so you can reply.	0
in the wars .	0
the crowner hath sat on her ,  and finds it christian burial .	0
and does this prospect of good fortune make you happy ?	0
by this sword ,  he that makes the first thrust ,  i’ll kill him .	0
no doubt but he hath got a quiet catch .	0
how long will a man lie in the earth before he rots ?	0
the table's full .	0
who would fardels bear ,  to grunt and sweat under a weary life ,  but that the dread of something after death ,  the undiscovered country from whose bourn no traveler returns ,  puzzles the will and makes us rather bear those ills we have than fly to others that we know not of ?	0
i hope for my brother’s sake that he just wrote it to test my honor .	0
let her come in.	0
the visitor will not give him o'er so .	0
i hope you will consider what is spoke comes from my love .	0
they’re murdering caesar !  ”  who’s there ?	0
the king is coming .	0
speak no more of him; you’ll be whipped for taxation one of these days .	0
who here is so low that he wants to be a slave ?	0
say, why is this?	0
i did consent ,  and often did beguile her of her tears when i did speak of some distressful stroke that my youth suffer'd .	0
ram thou thy fruitful tidings in mine ears ,  that long time have been barren .	0
i’ll go and chat with paris .	0
a cry within] a plague [a cry within] a plague upon this howling !	0
madam!	0
i could have sworn he trampled on me .	0
well, while i live, i'll fear no other thing so sore, as keeping safe nerissa's ring.	0
and then he was offered it the third time; he pushed it aside the third time, and still, as he refused it, the crowd shouted, and clapped their rough hands, and threw their sweaty night hats into the air, and uttered such a great deal of stinking breath because caesar refused the crown, that the smell almost choked caesar, because he fainted and fell down from it.	0
what noise is this ?	0
a heavy sight !	0
o brother montague ,  give me your hand .	0
your hands ,  come !	0
let’s have explicit contracts drawn up to ensure that both sides keep their promises .	0
i do know, when the blood burns, how prodigal the soul lends the tongue vows.	0
what woven country-folk do we have swaggering here, so near the cradle of the fairy queen?	0
what ,  art thou come ? —on ,  gentlemen ,  away !	0
i blame you not for praising caesar so; but what compact mean you to have with us ?	0
a very tall man!	0
it would be wonderfully wise of you ,  my dear reynaldo ,  to ask around about his behavior a little before you visit him .	0
to mourn a mischief that is past and gone is the next way to draw new mischief on .	0
you go ahead ,  and i will follow you .	0
i had a round with him ,  and his sword thrust is so deadly that you can’t even duck out of the way .	0
good madam ,  let me see your face .	0
to his wife) don’t hold me back – let me go!	0
tell me, that i may sack the hateful mansion.	0
antonio, as i heard in genoa,— what, what, what?	0
then do my lips now have the sin they took from yours ?	0
if he had been forgotten ,  it would have been a gap in our great feast ,  and unbecoming to us .	0
where’s the master ?	0
where, where, messala, does his body lie?	0
good sir ,  whose armies are these ?	0
good friends ,  go in and taste some wine with me ,  and we like friends will straightway go together .	0
the earth has bubbles ,  just like the water ,  and these creatures must have come from a bubble in the earth .	0
my lord, i did intend to ask.	0
myself have to mine own turned enemy .	0
what do you think of marching to philippi now ?	0
if this logic works ,  that’s great .	0
in this letter you’ll find details of her illness and other ,  more serious matters that concern you .	0
i don’t know what its intentions are ,  but ,  in the plainness and freedom of my opinion ,  this foretells some strange eruption to our state .	0
pick up the corpses .	0
madam ,  i had rather— i know your lady does not love her husband .	0
to what end ,  my lord ?	0
that i have ,  lady .	0
why, do you know if any harm's intended towards him?	0
hear you ,  sir ?	0
i say thy husband.	0
before i open his letter, please tell me how my good friend is doing.	0
why ,  what ,  kinsman !	0
sola!	0
you tremble and look pale.	0
no ,  it heals gradually .	0
i hope sores cover your tongue for a wish like that !	0
where is my page ?	0
ay ,  celia ,  we stayed her for your sake .	0
tedious and brief!	0
your royal father is murdered .	0
how much does he owe the jew ?	0
i see a woman may be made a fool of if she doesn’t have nerve enough to stand up for herself .	0
i will deserve your pains .	0
stay here at your own risk; i will go on alone .	0
i'll make you quiet.	0
robin ,  take off this head .	0
a man’s virtues will always show themselves ,  and that’s the end of that .	0
not when i saw ’t .	0
examples gross as earth exhort me .	0
sblood, do you think i am easier to be played on than a pipe?	0
there is a particular lord who will watch you perform tonight .	0
as easy mayst thou the intrenchant air with thy keen sword impress as make me bleed .	0
we coursed him at the heels and had a purpose to be his purveyor; but he rides well ,  and his great love ,  sharp as his spur ,  hath holp him to his home before us .	0
who would do that ?	0
what dogs are these !	0
carry me to the jail ?	0
if you were the noblest of your family ,  young man ,  you couldn’t die more honorably .	0
my italy is full of civil war .	0
i will ,  my lord .	0
you and your meaner fellows performed your last jobs very well, and i must use you in another similar trick.	0
my lord ,  you know i’m your friend .	0
i know not, sir.	0
for the law of writ and the liberty, these are the only men.	0
when he opens his wallet to give us our pay ,  your conscience will fly out ?	0
these tidings would comfort cassius very well.	0
if he be leaden ,  icy ,  cold ,  unwilling ,  be thou so too ,  and so break off the talk ,  and give us notice of his inclination; for we tomorrow hold divided councils ,  wherein thyself shalt highly be employed .	0
tide life, 'tide death, i come without delay.	0
sir ,  i will answer any thing .	0
what ,  is this so ?	0
between who ?	0
hail ,  king of scotland !	0
leave you your power to draw, and i shall have no power to follow you.	0
or say ,  sweet love ,  what you desire to eat .	0
romeo can ,  though heaven cannot .	0
she is daughter to this famous duke of milan ,  of whom so often i have heard renown ,  but never saw before; of whom i have received a second life; and second father this lady makes him to me .	0
behind the abbey wall within this hour my man shall be with thee and bring thee cords made like a tackled stair ,  which to the high top - gallant of my joy must be my convoy in the secret night .	0
if i have the habit of shaking ,  then proclaim that i am the doll of a girl .	0
or say, sweet love, what you desire to eat.	0
goodman verges ,  sir ,  speaks a little off the matter .	0
if i were you with eyes and a tongue to speak with ,  i’d crack heaven wide open with my laments !	0
i think he will carry this island home in his pocket ,  and give it his son as an apple .	0
o sweet bully bottom !	0
stay ,  though thou kill me ,  sweet demetrius .	0
is it his habit ?	0
here lie i down and measure out my grave .	0
the duke and senators of venice greet you.	0
in faith ,  we may put up our pipes and go home .	0
it is silliness to live when to live is torment ,  and then have we a prescription to die when death is our physician .	0
i would rather have one of your father’s getting .	0
come, my hippolyta; what cheer, my love?	0
richard loves neither me nor any of you .	0
cassio's a proper man.	0
the clock’s just striking twelve .	0
he says, for brutus' sake, he finds himself grateful to us all.	0
nobody i care about more than myself .	0
a deed without a name.	0
i have sent to seek him ,  and to find the body .	0
now ,  please ,  i beg you ,  don’t work so hard .	0
that song tonight will not go from my mind .	0
call cleopatra what the romans call her .	0
now antony must leave her utterly .	0
this was the most unkindest cut of all ,  because ,  when the noble caesar saw brutus stab him ,  ingratitude ,  stronger than traitors' arms ,  quite defeated him .	0
come ,  come ,  nerissa; for i long to see quick cupid's post that comes so mannerly .	0
thrice hath calpurnia in her sleep cried out, “help, ho!	0
out ,  and alas !	0
this is amazing .	0
do not for one repulse forgo the purpose that you resolved t'effect .	0
nay ,  by 'r lady ,  i am not such a fool to think what i list ,  nor i list not to think what i can ,  nor indeed i cannot think ,  if i would think my heart out of thinking ,  that you are in love or that you will be in love or that you can be in love .	0
for the love of god ,  a surgeon !	0
but men tend to interpret things however suits them and totally miss the actual meaning of the things themselves .	0
alas, sweet lady, what imports this song?	0
come ,  montague; because you are up early to see your son and heir taken down even earlier .	0
i don’t know anything that i said or did wrong this night ,  unless self - love is sometimes a vice ,  and to defend ourselves is a sin when we are attacked violently .	0
i am too sore from being pierced with cupid’s shaft to soar with his wings; and so wounded ,  i cannot jump even a little bit above dull woe .	0
wrapped up queen ”  is good .	0
i am one ,  sir ,  that comes to tell you your daughter and the moor are now making the beast with two backs .	0
the concern sir?	0
kingly power seems most like god’s power when the king mixes mercy with justice .	0
i would not be delayed.	0
there is siward's son and many youths without beards which now affirm they are beginning manhood .	0
i would thou couldst stammer ,  that thou might’st pour this concealed man out of thy mouth as wine comes out of a narrow - mouthed bottle—either too much at once ,  or none at all .	0
ha !	0
on a trice ,  so please you ,  even in a dream were we divided from them and were brought moping hither .	0
i have been sexton here ,  man and boy ,  thirty years .	0
your master is a wise and honorable roman .	0
come on, come on!	0
we'll mutiny .	0
the strings ,  my lord ,  are false .	0
we’ll answer .	0
despise me ,  if i don’t .	0
o, pardon me; it will do me good to walk.	0
no ,  when light - winged toys of feathered cupid blind my knowing and usual instruments of sight with unruly dullness ,  that if my games corrupt and stain my work ,  let housewives make a skillet of my helmet ,  and all indignities and base adversities make a boil of my reputation !	0
the lieutenant tonight watches on the court of guard .	0
come on then .	0
if not ,  assure yourself i will seek satisfaction of you .	0
catch me, catch me, wife.	0
pray you ,  sit down ,  for now we sit to chat as well as eat .	0
there’s a farmer here who won’t leave without seeing your highness .	0
drinks .	0
god ,  not our strength ,  be praised !	0
which their keepers call a lightening before death .	0
do; with like timorous accent and dire yell as when ,  by night and negligence ,  the fire is spied in populous cities .	0
tomorrow ,at your earliest, let me speak with you.	0
are we all here?	0
is it so brave a girl ?	0
what do you say?	0
i’ll tell you .	0
but the enemy is loud .	0
and the men resemble their english hounds in their loud ,  showy ferocity ,  too ,  leaving their brains behind with their wives .	0
romeo ?	0
let that suffice you.	0
lucentio !	0
what ,  is your sword out among these stupid servants ?	0
o horror ,  horror ,  horror !	0
would all the world but he had quite forsworn !	0
brutus" and "caesar.” what is in that name, "caesar?	0
he took aim at a beautiful young virgin who was sitting on a throne in the western part of the world ,  and he shot his arrow of love well enough to have pierced a hundred thousand hearts .	0
so i’m free .	0
tut ,  she’s a lamb ,  a dove ,  a fool to him !	0
then if he says he loves you ,  it fits your wisdom so far to believe it as he in his particular act and place may give his saying deed; which is no further than the main voice of denmark goes withal .	0
tis all one .	0
no ,  cassius ,  because the eye can only see itself in a mirror or by some other thing like it .	0
i will chop her into pieces .	0
a pox o' your bottle !	0
o me, lieutenant!	0
i swear i’ll smack you if you hit me again .	0
yes ,  but i am insulting myself by thinking this way .	0
make thick my blood ,  stop up the access and passage to remorse ,  that no compunctious visitings of nature shake my fell purpose nor keep peace between the effect and it !	0
the time ’twixt six and now must by us both be spent most preciously.	0
iago is most honest .	0
when your mind is at peace ,  your body is sensitive to the elements .	0
tis well blown ,  lads .	0
it would have much amazed you .	0
if he do blench ,  i know my course .	0
give me thy hand .	0
let us seek out some desolate shade and there weep our sad bosoms empty .	0
it may be i shall raise you by and by on business to my brother cassius .	0
goodbye.	0
alas ,  what danger will it be to us ,  maids as we are ,  to travel forth so far ?	0
yes ,  my good lord .	0
damn!	0
the eye of man hath not heard, the ear of man hath not seen, man's hand is not able to taste, his tongue to conceive, nor his heart to report, what my dream was.	0
what ,  were you snarling all before i came ,  ready to catch each other by the throat ,  and turn you all your hatred now on me ?	0
o ,  villain that i am !	0
if your mind dislike anything ,  obey it .	0
is it my mother ?	0
i am bound to thee forever .	0
you there ,  rogue ,  what do you have to say about that ?	0
oh ,  it breaks my heart to think how painful it must be for you to recall all this ,  things that i can’t remember .	0
play the men .	0
cassius ,  what night is this !	0
i know not what to say .	0
shut up ,  you troublemaker ,  no more of that .	0
call you?	0
a friend should tolerate his friend's shortcomings ,  but brutus makes mine greater than they are .	0
i wish she’d never let you come .	0
but he’s not better than mine .	0
go ,  sir andrew .	0
thanks ,  my dear lord .	0
a credulous father ,  and a brother noble— whose nature is so far from doing harms that he suspects none ,  on whose foolish honesty my practices ride easy .	0
you’re a lying ,  cowardly wretch .	0
then i salute you with this royal title: long live richard ,  england’s worthy king !	0
spake you not these words plain:  “ sirrah ,  knock me here ,  rap me here ,  knock me well ,  and knock me soundly ”  ?	0
i’ve told her father ,  and he’s given his permission .	0
i’ll call you a minstrel .	0
i’ll touch the point of my sword with this poison so that, if i touch him slightly, it will kill him.	0
if he can manage to walk after our fight ,  i’ll never wrestle for money again .	0
one of these three contains her heavenly picture .	0
challenge me the count’s youth to fight with him .	0
yes .	0
who ever saw the heavens threaten like this ?	0
away ,  away ,  be gone .	0
i am your spaniel; and, demetrius, the more you beat me, i will fawn on you.	0
it beckons you to go away with it ,  as if it some impartment did desire to you alone .	0
i put those wedding sheets on your bed ,  as you asked .	0
go to ,  carry this .	0
he’s not the most polite man in the world ,  but ,  believe me ,  he’s gentle as a lamb .	0
what noise is this ?	0
whenever they meet ,  there’s a little battle .	0
if a jew wrong a christian ,  what is his humility ?	0
it is not very strange .	0
if you do sorrow at my grief in love ,  by giving love your sorrow and my grief were both extermined .	0
no lie—she screamed at you .	0
when caesar says  “ do this ,  ”  it is perform'd .	0
since the youth won’t be reasoned with ,  he’ll have to suffer for his stubbornness .	0
half of your wealth goes to antonio .	0
master ,  do you really mean that ?	0
ah, my good lord, what have i seen tonight!	0
my hands are of your color, but i shame to wear a heart so white.	0
where ?	0
why ,  man ?	0
the next day we had our fight at sea ,  and you know what happened after that .	0
even so?	0
which one will start yammering first ,  gonzalo or adrian ?	0
when these prodigies do so conjointly meet, let not men say “these are their reasons; they are natural,” for, i believe, they are portentous things unto the climate that they point upon.	0
come on ,  gentle my lord ,  sleek o'er your rugged looks .	0
he knows me as the blind man knows the cuckoo ,  by my bad voice .	0
look where they come .	0
carried to colme creek, the sacred storehouse of his predecessors, and guardian of their bones.	0
please, my king, be quiet.	0
please wait until i finish .	0
i am afeard there are few die well that die in a battle ,  for how can they charitably dispose of anything ,  when blood is their argument ?	0
there must be something in the air here .	0
signor valentio and his cousin tybalt ,  lucio and the lively helena .  ”  that’s a nice group of people .	0
an old hare hoar, and an old hare hoar, is very good meat in lent; but a hare that is hoar is too much for a score when it hoars ere it be spent.	0
fare you well .	0
a knave very voluble; no further conscionable than in putting on the mere form of civil and humane seeming, for the better com- passing of his salt and most hidden loose affection?	0
i'll pay that doctrine ,  or else die in debt .	0
do you want to destroy our old friendship by joining these men to insult your poor friend ?	0
thy mother’s poisoned .	0
you’ll win two days upon me .	0
as i stood here below ,  methought his eyes were two full moons .	0
come on ,  nerissa ,  i have work in hand that you don’t know about yet; we'll see our husbands before they think about us .	0
why of thy thought, iago?	0
sir ,  in this audience ,  let my disclaiming from a purposed evil free me so far in your most generous thoughts that i have shot my arrow o'er the house and hurt my brother .	0
it is only as high as it is and moves with its own legs .	0
watch out ,  ophelia .	0
ay, what of that?	0
the hour of death is expiate .	0
i do desire you not to deny this imposition, the which my love, and some necessity, now lays upon you.	0
alack, for mercy!	0
this is the very painting of your fear .	0
no, it is casca, one incorporate to our attempts.	0
then is the world one .	0
he is a god and knows what is most right .	0
you’ll not endure him !	0
i have seen you both ,  but since he's gotten better ,  we have ,  therefore ,  odds .	0
what does this mean ?	0
i am satisfied in nature, whose motive, in this case, should move me the most to my revenge.	0
a customer!	0
what will you give us?	0
you know me well, and herein spend but time, to wind about my love with circumstance; and, out of doubt, you do me now more wrong in making question of my uttermost, than if you had made waste of all i have.	0
exclaim no more against it .	0
i lack iniquity sometimes to do me service .	0
yes ,  shylock ,  i will seal unto this bond .	0
we’re being haunted .	0
how long has he been there ?	0
therefore let’s follow .	0
antony ,  it’s time to stop your wild hedonism .	0
do not run away .	0
he never gave commandment for their death.	0
don’t trouble him further until his mind is more settled .	0
what foul play did we have that we left there ?	0
to show an unfelt sorrow is an office which the false man does easy .	0
love takes the meaning in love's conference .	0
i never knew a woman could love man so .	0
you shall have wine enough ,  my lord ,  anon .	0
tom’s chilly .	0
how are you ,  roderigo ?	0
what should i think on ’t ?	0
not for all this land would i be guilty of so deep a sin .	0
let’s go see the king .	0
not poppy, nor mandragora, nor all the drowsy drugs of the world, shall ever bring you that sweet sleep which you had yesterday.	0
you know me well, and waste time here to twist a story about my friendship with examples; and, no doubt, you insult me by questioning the limits of my friendship as if you had wasted everything i have.	0
tush ,  thou art deceived .	0
go .	0
a sweet woman !	0
the very best at a beast, my lord, that e'er i saw.	0
do you remember a venetian scholar and soldier who accompanied the marquess of montferrat here once when your father was still alive ?	0
women are sex machines below the waist ,  though they’re chaste up above .	0
do you think it would work ?	0
beat—	0
i can only say that you are due more than all of us can ever pay .	0
why did you laugh then ,  when i said ,   “ man doesn’t delight me ”  ?	0
what does romeo say?	0
the round world should have shook lions into civil streets and citizens to their dens .	0
it makes me mad .	0
marry ,  beshrew my hand if it should give your age such cause of fear .	0
your wrongs do set a scandal on my sex .	0
i say it is the moon .	0
and then came pyramus .	0
god be wi' you ,  sir .	0
i would not for the wealth of all this town here in my house do him disparagement.	0
didn’t you hear her ,  guys ?	0
sister ,  you know he promised me a chain .	0
if i live to be as old as sibylla i will die as chaste as diana ,  unless i be obtained by the manner of my father's will .	0
i’ve heard my father mention him .	0
oh ,  what a sad day !	0
as i do live ,  my honour'd lord ,  'tis true; and we did think it writ down in our duty to let you know of it .	0
the poor thing ,  i really think she loves me .	0
we'll answer.	0
now to my mother .	0
ay, my good lord.	0
if you were as young as i ,  juliet your love ,  married only an hour ,  tybalt murdered ,  foolish like me ,  and ,  like me ,  banished ,  then you might speak ,  then you might tear your hair ,  and fall upon the ground ,  as i do now ,  thinking about an unmade grave .	0
do you think alexander the great looked like this in the earth?	0
seal up the mouth of outrage for a while ,  till we can clear these ambiguities and know their spring ,  their head ,  their true descent ,  and then will i be general of your woes ,  and lead you even to death .	0
macbeth will never be defeated until birnam wood marches to fight you at dunsinane hill .	0
the carriages ,  sir ,  are the hangers .	0
what shall we hear of this ?	0
it is young orlando ,  that tripped up the wrestler’s heels and your heart both in an instant .	0
o, let the heavens give him defense against the elements, for i have lost him on a dangerous sea.	0
not of killing him ,  because i have a warrant for it ,  but of being damned for killing him ,  which no warrant can protect me from .	0
then there is the county palatine .	0
he left behind him myself and a sister ,  both born in an hour .	0
a plague o' both your houses !	0
i’m not sick, if brutus have any exploit worthy of the name of honor in hand.	0
here’s romeo’s man .	0
let her come in .	0
or he that slew her brothers and her uncles ?	0
i'th’ air or th’ earth?	0
no ,  my lord .	0
i found them on a tree .	0
my lord ,  no one will believe this in venice ,  even though i’d swear i saw it with my own eyes .	0
whoe'er he be that in this foul proceeding hath thus beguiled your daughter of herself and you of her, the bloody book of law you shall yourself read in the bitter letter after your own sense.	0
ere we were two days old at sea, a pirate of very warlike appointment gave us chase.	0
she’s lying on the ground just like him ,  blubbering and weeping ,  weeping and blubbering .	0
as i was standing my watch upon the hill ,  i looked toward birnam ,  and in a minute ,  i thought ,  the wood began to move .	0
i think i saw you there ,  you wise man .	0
my father’s loss ,  the weakness which i feel ,  the wrack of all my friends ,  nor this man’s threats ,  to whom i am subdued ,  are but light to me ,  might i but through my prison once a day behold this maid .	0
and will he not come again?	0
sawst thou the melancholy lord northumberland ?	0
nor no man else .	0
these couchings and these lowly courtesies might fire the blood of ordinary men and turn preordinance and first decree into the law of children .	0
now ,  looking at both sides ,  nature has made strange fellows in her time: some that will peep through their eyes forever ,  and laugh like parrots at a bag - piper ,  and the others of such sour disposition that they'll never smile although a wise old man swears that the joke is funny .	0
as i am egypt’s queen ,  thou blushest ,  antony ,  and that blood of thine is caesar’s homager .	0
but what praise couldst thou bestow on a deserving woman indeed, one that in the authority of her merit did justly put on the vouch of very malice itself?	0
be gone!	0
no ,  pompey ,  i have kept me from the cup .	0
speak ,  man .	0
i would these dewy tears were from the ground .	0
why ,  this would make a man a man of salt ,  to use his eyes for garden water - pots ,  ay ,  and laying autumn’s dust .	0
it had been so with us, had we been there.	0
i'll cross it ,  though it blast me .	0
not so ,  my lord .	0
you shall be my lieutenant ,  monster ,  or my main officer .	0
the field and town are afraid of me.	0
what ,  you mean my face looks like a crab - apple ?	0
this is mr. antonio.	0
he followed you .	0
quite dumb?	0
to you ,  antonio ,  i owe the most ,  in money and in friendship ,  and ,  from your friendship ,  i have a guarantee to get rid of all my plots and intentions as to how to get clear all the debts i owe .	0
tomorrow we'll speak among ourselves ,  again .	0
here is your husband ,  like a mildewed ear of corn poisoning his wholesome brother .	0
do you hear ,  my friend ?	0
you’re a traitor . —off with his head .	0
i’ve heard about this indirectly ,  but i will send for him .	0
i have a head ,  sir ,  that will find out logs ,  and never trouble peter for the matter .	0
and you ,  sister ?	0
it never entered my mind to know more.	0
i’m very sorry you’re not feeling well .	0
hard ,  hard . —o filthy traitor !	0
but where tomorrow ?	0
whither wander you ?	0
why, so: being gone, i am a man again.	0
i wish my daughter were dead at my foot, and the jewels in her ear; i wish she were trained at my feet, and the dollars in her coffin!	0
seek him, titinius, whilst i go to meet the noble brutus, thrusting this report into his ears.	0
why ,  belman is as good as he ,  my lord .	0
i am afeard, being in night, all this is but a dream, too flattering-sweet to be substantial.	0
well ,  i maybe i’ll see you; because i would very gladly speak with you .	0
i can hear the lark singing .	0
and now titania and oberon can never meet in the grove or on green, by a clear fountain, or spangled shiny starlight, but they refuse to settle the issue, so that all their elves creep into acorn cups, and hide them there, because they’re so frightened.	0
but he didn’t do it .	0
an excellent courtesy!	0
i was forbid it .	0
it’s nine o'clock !	0
peace ,  ho ,  for shame !	0
put a candle in my study ,  lucius .	0
ask me any commonsense question .	0
i think it well ,  my lord .	0
nobody; i myself.	0
i am unfit to rule and to be king .	0
i can assure you that no enemy will ever take the noble brutus alive .	0
listen !	0
then follow me and give me audience ,  friends .	0
we beg you ,  for your own sake ,  to respect your safety and give up .	0
no hope that way is another way so high a hope that even ambition cannot pierce a wink beyond, but doubt discovery there.	0
you stopped me; i would have populated this island with calibans .	0
o ,  from this time forth ,  my thoughts be bloody ,  or be nothing worth !	0
today’s a holiday ,  so the beggar’s shop is shut .	0
i heard the galloping of horses .	0
dead !	0
marry, to—come, captain, will you go?	0
what’s the matter with you ?	0
that goldsmith there ,  were he not packed with her ,  could witness it ,  for he was with me then ,  who parted with me to go fetch a chain ,  promising to bring it to the porpentine ,  where balthasar and i did dine together .	0
what is the course and drift of your compact ?	0
your stockings should be falling down around your ankles ,  your hat flying off your head ,  your sleeves unbuttoned ,  your shoes untied ,  and everything about you demonstrating carelessness and misery .	0
how shall i murder him, iago?	0
if i may trust the flattering truth of sleep ,  my dreams presage some joyful news at hand .	0
we’re all lost !	0
i’d rather have this tongue cut from my mouth than it should do offense to michael cassio; still, i convince myself, speaking the truth shall not wrong him.	0
yes ,  but i know— what do you know ?	0
this morning ,  they have fled away and are gone; and in their places ,  ravens ,  crows ,  and kites fly over our heads and look down on us as if we were sickly prey .	0
no gentlemen ,  don’t get ready to go now .	0
if i live long enough to touch you again ,  that would be as good as having my eyesight back .	0
foul ,  wrinkled witch ,  what mak’st thou in my sight ?	0
how are you ,  guildenstern ?	0
if you will not ,  come when you are next prepared for .	0
neither my husband nor the slave has returned ,  even though i sent the slave off running .	0
that’s already been done ,  sir .	0
my honor wasn’t given; it was only dominated .	0
you are the singer .	0
what’s the news ,  brave soldier ?	0
your majesty ,  and we that have free souls can’t be touched by it .	0
come thou no more for ransom ,  gentle herald .	0
goodbye ,  edmund .	0
what’s going on?	0
what ,  is antonio here ?	0
god knows i have done my best to argue for you ,  and made him angry at me for being so aggressive .	0
when he is best he is a little worse than a man ,  and when he is worst he is little better than a beast .	0
when i freed you from slavery ,  didn’t you swear to do this when i asked you ?	0
that’s not the tune .	0
why are your swords drawn?	0
and for cassio ,  let me be his undertaker .	0
my mother had a maid call'd barbara; she was in love, and he she loved proved mad and did forsake her.	0
listen ,  sir .	0
in the mean time ,  against thou shalt awake ,  shall romeo by my letters know our drift; and hither shall he come; and he and i will watch thy waking ,  and that very night shall romeo bear thee hence to mantua .	0
who’s there ?	0
most noble brother, you have done me wrong.	0
therefore your relatives are no obstacle .	0
all lost !	0
it’s even so true that we let our finger ache and it infects our other healthful members ,  even to the point of pain .	0
forbear me .	0
fetch me the handkerchief—my mind misgives .	0
what is the prince's sentence ?	0
thy head is as full of quar rels as an egg is full of meat; and yet thy head hath been beaten as addle as an egg for quarrelling.	0
to fetch her fan ,  her gloves ,  her mask ,  nor nothing ?	0
then how can it be said i am alone when all the world is here to look on me ?	0
the visitor won’t abandon him like that .	0
no ,  my lord .	0
go bring the rabble ,  o'er whom i give thee power ,  here to this place .	0
gone?	0
we'll rebel.	0
i hope now thou art not drowned .	0
a right good markman!	0
is love a tender thing ?	0
my lord?	0
didn’t i buckle this well ?	0
come ,  tears ,  confound; out ,  sword ,  and wound the pap of pyramus; ay ,  that left pap ,  where heart doth hop .	0
well ,  if you don’t ,  then i’m out of here .	0
your brother is banished by decree.	0
mine ache to think on't .	0
thanks, courteous wall.	0
peace !	0
all you gods ,  in general synod take away her power; break all the spokes and fellies from her wheel ,  and bowl the round nave down the hill of heaven ,  as low as to the fiends !	0
do you love me ?	0
and then it seemed startled ,  like a guilty thing running from a court order .	0
let me have your hand .	0
nothing .	0
go ,  good partner ,  go ,  get you to francis seacole .	0
yes, my lord.	0
you must all keep up this united front .	0
what is your name ?	0
thou hast.	0
that’s not in her favor .	0
you must take your chance, and either don’t attempt to choose at all, or swear before you choose that, if you choose wrong, you will never to speak to me afterward about marriage; so be advised.	0
i take this offer then: pay the promise to pay three times, and let the christian go.	0
a maiden never bold ,  of a spirit so still and quiet that she blushed at her own movements; and she ,  in spite of nature ,  of years ,  of country ,  reputation ,  everything ,  to fall in love with what she feared to look at !	0
so maybe slander ,  whose whisper covers the entire world as surely as the cannon hits its target and delivers his poisoned shot ,  may miss our name ,  and not amount to anything at all .	0
signior ,  it is the moor .	0
a peevish schoolboy, worthless of such honor, joined with a man in a mask and a party man!	0
stand up .	0
know him !	0
if it’s possible to do this without putting yourself in danger ,  dear captain blunt ,  say goodnight to him from me and give him this important note .	0
an evil soul producing holy witness is like a villain with a smiling cheek; a goodly apple rotten at the heart; o, what a goodly outside falsehood hath!	0
young romeo is it ?	0
of honourable reckoning are you both, and pity 'tis you liv'd at odds so long.	0
oliver ,  your brother—no ,  not your brother; and yet he’s the son—but no ,  i won’t call him the son—of that great man i was about to call his father ,  has heard about how well you did in the wrestling match ,  and tonight he’s planning on burning your house down ,  with you in it .	0
masters ,  you are all welcome .	0
alack the day !	0
who is ’t that hinders you ?	0
what ,  ho !	0
keep myself ?	0
with the same accessories .	0
in faith ,  lady ,  you have a merry heart .	0
it is perchance that you yourself were saved .	0
she shall not .	0
sing it .	0
i love her ten times more than e'er i did .	0
i’ll do most of the drinking for you .	0
you made me study that one; she was from carthage ,  not of tunis .	0
i can’t report more of this matter ,  but men are men; the best sometimes forget themselves .	0
the sun will never be seen by such royal eyes again .	0
the goodness of the night upon you, friends!	0
i’m out of patience .	0
this interchange of love ,  i here protest ,  upon my part shall be inviolable .	0
madam, good night; i humbly thank your ladyship.	0
what a thrice - double ass was i to take this drunkard for a god ,  and worship this dull fool !	0
marcus octavius ,  marcus justeius ,  publicola ,  and caelius ,  are for sea; but we keep whole by land .	0
such comfort as do lusty young men feel when well - appareled april on the heel of limping winter treads .	0
i thought he was just toying with you and meant to ruin your reputation .	0
twas this flesh begot those pelican daughters .	0
how many times will caesar bleed in amusement, that lies now next to pompey's statue, no worthier than the dust!	0
i would not be delay'd.	0
let me come to her .	0
person when you’re ready ,  if you’re inclined .	0
let me see your eyes; look in my face.	0
my lord!	0
by heaven, he echoes me, as if there were some monster in his thoughts too hideous to be shown.	0
that’s too long a pause over what you find there.	0
go to bed right this minute .	0
should we now dirty our fingers with lowly bribes and sell the mighty offices that we hold for whatever money we can get our hands on ?	0
love ,  therefore ,  and tongue - tied simplicity in least speak most to my capacity .	0
ask for me tomorrow ,  and you shall find me a grave man .	0
what ,  art thou waking ?	0
then go we in to know his embassy ,  which i could with a ready guess declare before the frenchman speak a word of it .	0
so much for our plan .	0
what news, my lord?	0
sir ,  the gods will have it thus .	0
if i do die before thee, prithee shroud me in one of those same sheets.	0
and so it is .	0
your name, sir, truly.	0
if i do it ,  let the audience look to their eyes; i will move storms; i will condole in some measure .	0
ancient, what makes he here?	0
i won’t sleep until i see her ,  hortensio .	0
villain ,  you don’t know the laws of god or of man .	0
don’t dishonor your mothers !	0
sir, i don’t have a promotion.	0
you have dancing shoes with nimble soles .	0
me too ,  but still ,  for the sake of good manners ,  i’ll say thanks for your company .	0
i’d give up my life and take my son’s place in the mud on the ocean floor if i could see them alive in naples . —when did you lose your daughter ?	0
if you prick us, do we not bleed?	0
and all my children ?	0
what do you think of this fool ,  malvolio ?	0
a good wench; give it me.	0
is your name goneril ?	0
where have you been gadding ?	0
i wouldn’t do that for the whole wide world .	0
come to these yellow sands ,  and then take my hands: bow courteously when you have and kiss me , — the wild waves are silent , — dance gracefully here and there; and ,  sweet spirits ,  listen to the chorus .	0
honest iago, that look'st dead with grieving, speak, who began this?	0
by your pardon, i will myself into the pulpit first, and show the reason of our caesar's death.	0
farewell ,  everyone .	0
are we all here ?	0
i warrant you ,  my lord .	0
i was born to speak cleverly ,  not seriously .	0
what noise ?	0
all hail ,  macbeth !	0
sir !	0
you’re a man ?	0
blest fig'send!	0
i’ll do it .	0
we were christians eno' before ,  e'en as many as could well live one by another .	0
the crow doth sing as sweetly as the lark ,  when neither is attended; and ,  i think ,  the nightingale ,  if she should sing by day ,  when every goose is cackling ,  would be thought no better a musician than the wren .	0
do you know any ,  count ?	0
give me a cup of wine .	0
my husband ,  then ?	0
yes .	0
faith ,  here’s an english tailor come hither for stealing out of a french hose .	0
i will but spend a word here in the house and go with you .	0
what sadness lengthens romeo's hours?	0
that’s true ,  that’s very true .	0
we can be happy that things have been resolved so agreeably .	0
we’ll watch them starve to death first .	0
be it so .	0
o ,  'tis most sweet when in one line two crafts directly meet .	0
thy love!	0
come then and take the last warmth of my lips .	0
do it, it’s well said, well said.	0
we all stand up against the spirit of caesar ,  and ,  in the spirit of men ,  there is no blood .	0
what name ,  fair lady ?	0
there is time enough .	0
i’ll do well .	0
speak, if you hear me; speak, of all loves!	0
we’ll do what you want us to ,  my lord .	0
why ,  thy horn is a foot ,  and so long am i ,  at the least .	0
room for antony, most noble antony.	0
come with me ,  please .	0
the poet's eye, in a fine frenzy rolling, doth glance from heaven to earth, from earth to heaven; and as imagination bodies forth the forms of things unknown, the poet's pen turns them to shapes, and gives to airy nothing a local habitation and a name.	0
he’s rushing on his way here right now ,  and regan’s with him .	0
part them!	0
he who chooses me will get what he deserves .  ”  i’ll assume i deserve the very best . —give me a key for this one .	0
please hear what goneril is saying .	0
bottom!—oh most courageous day!	0
when he returns from hunting ,  i will not speak with him .	0
i tell you yet again, banquo's buried; he cannot come out on his grave.	0
this is healthy talk .	0
nurse, where's my daughter?	0
a horse ,  a horse ,  my kingdom for a horse !	0
you do ,  and you think it’s a lot to walk the waves of the ocean ,  to run on the sharp wind of the north ,  to do my business under the earth when it is baked with frost .	0
but ,  were you wedded ,  you would bear some sway .	0
tell thou the tale !	0
how can watch them ?	0
wilt thou know th' effect of what i wrote ?	0
say you ?	0
mine’s not an idle cause .	0
you know not whether it was his wisdom or his fear.	0
good night to everyone .	0
your voice shall be as strong as any man's in the disposing of new dignities.	0
i think it’s just before twelve.	0
you know i would never approve a war against my own cause .	0
they stop and want to talk .	0
be't their comfort we are coming thither .	0
you abused me to my face .	0
my child, my only life!	0
you swore to me ,  when i gave it you ,  that you would wear it until the hour of your death ,  and that it would go with you to your grave; you should have respected and have kept it though not for me ,  but for your intense oaths .	0
you have little cause to say so .	0
hark thee ,  clitus .	0
what is it she does now ?	0
god's bread !	0
what, not even to pray?	0
i have heard that many of the best-respected men in rome,— except immortal caesar!— speak about brutus, and groaning underneath the political burden of this age, have wished that noble brutus could see what they see.	0
ride ,  ride ,  messala ,  ride ,  and give these bills unto the legions on the other side .	0
none that i more love than myself.	0
and thorough this distemperature we see the seasons alter: hoary-headed frosts fall in the fresh lap of the crimson rose; and on old hiems' thin and icy crown an odorous chaplet of sweet summer buds is, as in mockery, set.	0
we are undone ,  lady ,  we are undone !	0
this is antonio ,  my dearest friend .	0
my lord ?	0
i swear that it is so very ,  very late that we should call it early by and by .	0
certain ,  men should be what they seem .	0
i hope he is ,  but mothers get to have their doubts .	0
if they were not reinforced by those troops that should be ours, we might have met them boldly, beard to beard, and beat them backward where they came from.	0
what is yond gentleman ?	0
lord !	0
we fat all creatures else to fat us, and we fat ourselves for maggots.	0
what ?	0
i had no judgment when to her i swore .	0
oh ,  curse of marriage that we can call these delicate creatures ours and not their appetites !	0
o, ho!	0
what though i be not so in grace as you— so hung upon with love ,  so fortunate— but miserable most ,  to love unloved ?	0
i kiss the instrument of their pleasures.	0
no ,  don’t pause ,  because i	0
you’re my true and honorable wife ,  as dear to me as are the red tears that visit my sad heart .	0
what ,  was i married to her in a dream ?	0
i was too young at the time to appreciate her value ,  but now i know her .	0
should i have answer'd caius cassius so?	0
as for me ,  i’ll leave when i like .	0
hold then my sword ,  and turn away thy face ,  while i do run upon it .	0
this sight of death is as a bell that warns my old age to a tomb.	0
otherwise ,  i’ll do it anytime ,  as long as i’m able .	0
i shall not fear fly -  blowing .	0
he want to know if will play with laertes now ,  or whether you will take a longer time .	0
shall i strike now ?	0
pardon the frankness of my mirth if i answer you for that .	0
stay ,  tybalt ,  stay !	0
leave him alone .	0
how much i had to do to calm his rage.	0
although i joy in thee ,  i have no joy of this contract tonight .	0
all hail ,  macbeth !	0
turn ,  hellhound ,  turn !	0
o, a thousand, a thousand times.	0
the duke and senators of venice greet you .	0
if your gentle souls are still flying in the air and have not yet landed where they will remain forever ,  hover around me with your airy wings and hear your mother’s lament .	0
i’d rather have a handful or two of dried peas.	0
o pyramus ,  arise !	0
god be wi' you ,  sir .	0
for this idiotic love is like a great natural fool that runs lolling up and down to hide his toy in a hole.	0
nor stony tower ,  nor walls of beaten brass ,  nor airless dungeon ,  nor strong links of iron ,  can be retentive to the strength of spirit; but life ,  being weary of these worldly bars ,  never lacks power to dismiss itself .	0
i do; and surely it is a sleepy language and thou speak'st out of thy sleep .	0
i don’t know what may happen; i don’t like it .	0
i hope my noble lord believes i am faithful.	0
either my eyesight fails ,  or you look pale .	0
rosalind lacks then the love which teacheth thee that thou and i am one .	0
to trinculo] how didst thou ’scape?	0
the house will be so much quieter .	0
the handkerchief !	0
i can justify that better than you can justify sleeping with portia’s african servant .	0
you sun - burned reapers ,  tired of august ,  come here from the rows you have plowed and be happy: make it a holiday: put on your rye - straw hats ,  and meet every one pf these fresh nymphs in country dancing .	0
he looked very thin, as if sharp misery had worn him down to the bones; and in his poor shop a turtle was hanging, and a stuffed alligator, and other skins of ill-shaped fishes, and on his shelves he had a poverty-stricken collection of empty boxes, and green earthen pots, animal bladders, and musty smelling seeds, remnants of leftover twine, and old cakes of roses, were thinly scattered around, to make up a display.	0
see what a rent the envious casca made .	0
i’ll need to have more proof than this .	0
just as you mention it in the charge .	0
come, i'll go in with you.	0
that’s he that was othello .	0
since she belongs to me ,  i can do what i want with her—as the law says: i can either make her marry demetrius—or have her killed .	0
i am friends with you all ,  and love you all ,  on this hope ,  that you shall give me reasons why and how caesar was dangerous .	0
th' abuse of greatness is when it disjoins remorse from power .	0
say what you will ,  sir ,  but i know what i know .	0
gracious, so please you, we will bestow ourselves.	0
had i not four or five women once that tended me ?	0
o ,  make them joyful .	0
no more moving?	0
shake it off .	0
by heaven ,  that should be my handkerchief !	0
where is my lady ?	0
don’t hang on my clothes.	0
help me ,  help me !	0
it doesn’t excuse your cruel behavior .	0
what will you give me now for that same handkerchief?	0
younger girls than she are made happy mothers.	0
give in ,  sweet hermia;—and ,  lysander ,  give up your crazy claim to my future bride .	0
you say only  “ i ,  ”  and i shall poison that bare vowel more than the death - darting eye of the serpent hatched from an egg .	0
damn ,  damn !	0
my cause is hearted; thine hath no less reason .	0
my lord, i will use them according to their class.	0
when i come where he calls ,  then he is gone .	0
three months from twelve months of the year .	0
he’s having a fit and talking nonsense .	0
i told you ,  someone’s at the gate .	0
if you will please break this up ,  it will become clear .	0
i will omit no opportunity that may convey my greetings ,  love ,  to thee .	0
do you find your patience so predominant in your nature ,  that you can let this go ?	0
lord alexas ,  sweet alexas ,  most anything alexas ,  almost most absolute alexas ,  where’s the soothsayer that you praised so to th’ queen ?	0
set you down this ,	0
for it is a figure in rhetoric that drink ,  being poured out of a cup into a glass ,  by filling the one doth empty the other .	0
i knew you at the first you were a moveable .	0
ay, by heaven, my lord.	0
now do you know the reason of this haste.	0
why ,  that’s just the way to frustrate their plans and defeat their absurd intentions .	0
my father charged you in his will to give me good education .	0
do you not hear him?	0
silly babbler ,  how you talk !	0
o ,  where ?	0
now follow ,  if thou darest ,  to try whose right ,  of thine or mine ,  is most in helena .	0
there must be some resolution .	0
stop .	0
it’s time to put our armor on .	0
by mary ,  a perfumed one .	0
first ,  pyramus must draw a sword to kill himself; which the ladies cannot abide .	0
he, swift of foot, outran my purpose; and i return'd the rather for that i heard the clink and fall of swords, and cassio high in oath, which till tonight i ne'er might say before.	0
he really is the most skillful ,  bloodthirsty ,  and dangerous opponent you can find in illyria .	0
this ,  and saint george to boot—what think’st thou ,  norfolk ?	0
ay, sir, all this is so.	0
and make him with fair aegle break his faith ,  with ariadne and antiopa ?	0
my father's spirit in arms!	0
alas ,  why gnaw you so your nether lip ?	0
that death’s unnatural that kills for loving .	0
we defy augury .	0
come ,  come .	0
sweet predictions, good!	0
there’d be no marriage ?	0
where are the wicked beginners of this fight ?	0
why ,  as by lot ,  god wot ,  and then ,  you know ,  it came to pass ,  as most like it was . — the first row of the pious chanson will show you more; for look where my abridgment comes .	0
my lord ,  how are you feeling ?	0
i'll fetch them, sir.	0
why ,  fool ?	0
darkness and devils !	0
who ,  he ?	0
the moor himself at sea and is in full commission here for cyprus .	0
a seventh !	0
don’t shed even one tear .	0
who is't that calls?	0
and i still do, by these thieves and robbers.	0
meanwhile ,  their  they’ve said their prayers ,  and now they wait for death .	0
hath there been such a time—i would fain know that— that i have positively said ‘'tis so,’ when it proved otherwise?	0
brave titinius!	0
what ,  with worms and flies ?	0
i’ll rhyme you so eight years together ,  dinners and suppers and sleeping hours excepted .	0
it curvets unseasonably .	0
grumio gave order how it should be done .	0
it is not yet near day.	0
i am sure you are not launcelot ,  my boy .	0
is it they ?	0
if you could hurt, your swords are now too massy for your strengths and will not be uplifted.	0
the duke cannot deny the course of law ,  for the commodity that strangers have with us in venice; if it be denied ,  'twill much impeach the justice of the state; since that the trade and profit of the city consisteth of all nations .	0
now i see ,  i see ,  in fulvia’s death how mine received shall be .	0
she was too fond of her very filthy bargain .	0
o ,  you will speak again of banishment .	0
do you not hope your children shall be kings ,  when those that gave the thane of cawdor to me promised no less to them ?	0
the carriages ,  sir ,  are the hangers .	0
if she can’t find out what’s wrong, then send him to england, or lock him up where you think is the best place.	0
here comes better news .	0
it is not destiny’s fault ,  but our own faults ,  that we’re slaves .	0
i marvel why i answered not again .	0
ha !	0
by my count, i was your mother much upon these years that you are now a maid.	0
you the like loss ?	0
roderigo !	0
he loves caesar best ,  but he also loves antony .	0
upon the rack ,  bassanio ?	0
before me ,  she’s a good wench .	0
poor tom ,  thy horn is dry .	0
yes ,  my lord ,  if you would like .	0
hush ,  hortensio .	0
you said the enemy would not come down ,  but keep the hills and upper regions .	0
i there it goes ,  silver !	0
ha ,  ha ,  ha !	0
ay, while you live, draw your neck out of the collar.	0
go back to your lord .	0
go to the gate .	0
eros ,  would you like to look through a window in rome and watch your master marching in caesar’s victory parade ,  his arms crossed and tied ,  his head bowed in submission ,  his face red from shame ,  while the chariot of triumphant caesar precedes him ,  putting the final stamp to his humiliation ?	0
gentlemen ,  can any of you tell me where i may find the young romeo ?	0
yet, by your gracious patience, i will deliver a round truthful tale of my whole course of love, by what drugs, what charms, what invocation, and what mighty magic, because i am charged with such crimes, i won his daughter.	0
she can’t possibly have done you any wrong .	0
virtue itself can turn to vice, if it is misapplied; and vice is sometimes dignified by action.	0
o romeo ,  romeo !	0
you know what you know .	0
ay ,  but their sense is shut .	0
i pray you ,  now receive them .	0
the court has sent for us .	0
groan !	0
even so .	0
portia, forgive me this enforced wrong; and, in the hearing of these many friends, i swear to thee, even by thine own fair eyes, wherein i see myself,— mark you but that!	0
as a friend .	0
my brother and thy uncle ,  called antonio— i pray thee mark me ,  that a brother should be so perfidious—he whom next thyself of all the world i loved ,  and to him put the manage of my state; as at that time through all the signories it was the first ,  and prospero the prime duke ,  being so reputed in dignity ,  and for the liberal arts without a parallel; those being all my study ,  the government i cast upon my brother ,  and to my state grew stranger ,  being transported and rapt in secret studies .	0
get down and swear it .	0
i cannot speak of this.	0
ay ,  sir; there are a crew of wretched souls that stay his cure .	0
where are your sister and hortensio’s wife ?	0
is the day so young?	0
my creditors grow cruel .	0
what did you say ?	0
curse my very heart, i think you will be happy in this second marriage, for it surpasses your first.	0
hark, hark!	0
here comes two of the banished duke’s pages .	0
well said ,  old mole !	0
if you call me jephthah, my lord, i have a daughter that i love passing well.	0
he is very changed .	0
how is it, general?	0
all things that are, are with more spirit chased than enjoy'd.	0
what is the cause, laertes, that your rebellion looks so huge?	0
bless you ,  master .	0
look!	0
we learn no other but the confident tyrant keeps still in dunsinane ,  and will endure our setting down before't .	0
o notable prostitute!	0
are you hiding in some bush?	0
what need we fear who knows it, when none can call our power to account?	0
i will not hear thee speak .	0
come at me in the form of a rugged russian bear ,  an armor - plated rhinoceros ,  or a tiger from iran .	0
remember it, my lord!	0
if there are ropes or knives, poison or fire, or suffocating streams, i'll not endure it.	0
a devil !	0
what news?	0
i have a faint ,  cold fear that scares my veins and it almost freezes up the heat of life .	0
where is malvolio ?	0
there’s a lot to learn when a fool recites the words of a madman .	0
indeed ,  we have many good days to look forward to !	0
o comfortable friar!	0
our queen and all her elves come here anon.	0
no more but so ?	0
if the matter were good ,  my lord ,  i durst swear it were his .	0
there's something in his soul over which his depression sits like a bird on an egg ,  and i doubt that egg will hatch and the  “ bird ”  will be something dangerous ,  which to prevent ,  i have quickly decided to write it down like this .	0
let’s stay and watch .	0
whither should they come ?	0
my lady would never want to lose him .	0
i wish i knew what is happening .	0
tom ,  away !	0
to die ,  to sleep—to sleep ,  maybe to dream .	0
who's there?	0
but ,  as i can learn ,  he hearkens after prophecies and dreams ,  and from the crossrow plucks the letter  and says a wizard told him that by  “ g ”  his issue disinherited should be .	0
i’ll come to him .	0
but i do see you're moved; i am to pray you not to strain my speech to grosser issues, nor to larger reach than to suspicion.	0
cassio's a proper man .	0
i wish i were ,  so i could deprive you of both day and life .	0
i am that merry wanderer of the night .	0
then we are rid of litio .	0
i wish your enterprise today may thrive.	0
drown cats and blind puppies.	0
uncle ,  please give me your dagger .	0
the three - beat rhythm is a good for dancing ,  and the church bells chime—one ,  two ,  three .	0
aunchient pistol ,  i do partly understand your meaning .	0
i will follow .	0
the world has become so bad that now little wrens have settled where eagles used to roost .	0
you stupid cop ,  stop your violence !	0
so should a murderer look ,  so dead ,  so grim .	0
if i live to be as old as sibylla i will die as chaste as diana, unless i be obtained by the manner of my father's will.	0
now come along .	0
and not one vessel 'scape the dreadful touch of merchant-marring rocks?	0
well ,  well ,  well ,  pray god it be ,  sir .	0
were you born here ?	0
ah ,  tranio ,  what a cruel father’s he !	0
the villain jew with outcries raised the duke ,  who went with him to search bassanio’s ship .	0
show me a mistress that is passing fair, what doth her beauty serve but as a note where i may read who pass'd that passing fair?	0
if get the opportunity, i will find where truth is hidden, though it were hidden indeed within the centre of the man.	0
fie ,  now you run this humor out of breath .	0
what's to do ?	0
it was merely a joke; i didn’t pay attention to it.	0
where’s monsieur mustardseed ?	0
but if the cause be not good ,  the king himself hath a heavy reckoning to make ,  when all those legs and arms and heads ,  chopped off in a battle ,  shall join together at the latter day ,  and cry all ,   “ we died at such a place ,  ”  some swearing ,  some crying for a surgeon ,  some upon their wives left poor behind them ,  some upon the debts they owe ,  some upon their children rawly left .	0
death of one person can be paid but once ,  and that she has discharged .	0
well ,  sir ,  and you ,  witty lady ,  who gave me quite a turn with your strange talk ,  my name is vincentio ,  my hometown pisa ,  and i am traveling to padua to visit a son of mine whom i haven’t seen in a long while .	0
on my knees ,  what does your speech mean ?	0
sorry, sir, i am half-blind; i don’t know you.	0
can you remember any of the principal evils that he laid to the charge of women ?	0
isn’t he getting funnier ?	0
what ,  of death too ,  that rids our dogs of languish ?	0
but ,  oh ,  vain boast !	0
which dreams indeed are ambition ,  for the very substance of the ambitious is merely the shadow of a dream .	0
the carriages, sir, are the hangers.	0
haste me to know't ,  that i ,  with wings as swift as meditation or the thoughts of love ,  may sweep to my revenge .	0
i have no great devotion to the deed and yet he hath given me satisfying reasons .	0
as long as hell and richard likes of it .	0
the town is asking for a pause in the fighting for negotiation .	0
no ,  you won’t get a word out of me .	0
to the mariners] play the i pray now, keep below.	0
it’s a good shilling ,  i promise you .	0
is it no more but this—a tardiness in nature which often leaves the history unspoke that it intends to do ? —my lord of burgundy ,  what say you to the lady ?	0
by the gods ,  you shall digest the venom of your spleen ,  though it do split you ,  for ,  from this day forth ,  i'll use you for my mirth ,  yea ,  for my laughter ,  when you are waspish .	0
mistress ,  we have .	0
come, find the conspirators.	0
because we come to do you service and you think we are ruffians ,  you'll have your daughter covered with a barbary horse; you'll have your nephews neigh to you; you'll have coursers for cousins ,  and gennets for germans .	0
i would i had been there .	0
to alonso] is not ,  sir ,  my doublet as fresh as the first day [to alonso] is not ,  sir ,  my i wore it ?	0
then we'll move our ground.	0
come, let's away; the strangers all are gone.	0
he’s afraid to come in .	0
i’ll kill him ,  and she kills me .	0
have we turned to turks ,  and do to ourselves what heaven has forbidden the ottoman ?	0
when i was with him, i have heard him swear to tubal, and to chus, his countrymen, that he would rather have antonio's flesh, than twenty times the value of the sum that he did owe him; and i know, my lord, if law, authority, and power deny not, it will go hard with poor antonio.	0
yes, shylock, i’ll put my seal to this promise to pay.	0
you know that you are brutus that speaks this ,  or ,  by the gods ,  this speech were else your last .	0
why, 'tis not possible.	0
why will you mew her up ,  signior baptista ,  for this fiend of hell and make her bear the penance of her tongue ?	0
let’s have one ,  good soldier .	0
it is so too .	0
know him !	0
i have brought him a present.	0
see for the news .	0
good morning to my sovereign king and queen .	0
down, prostitute!	0
no watch ?	0
let us see .	0
i’m your advocate ,  and i’d rather die than give up on you .	0
are they so followed?	0
come ,  let’s go .	0
tell me that.	0
poor bankrupt, break at once!	0
silence bestows that virtue on it, madam.	0
with his mouth full of news .	0
ay, i do.	0
what is this same ?	0
what, did my daughter go to friar lawrence?	0
it’s arranged .	0
romeo, i come!	0
love is merely a madness and ,  i tell you ,  deserves as well a dark house and a whip as madmen do ,  and the reason why they are not so punished and cured is that the lunacy is so ordinary that the whippers are in love ,  too .	0
honestly ,  sir ,  i’d need to use words to explain why ,  and since words are so unreliable and false ,  i’d rather avoid using them in a serious discussion .	0
he fell down in the marketplace and foamed at the mouth and was speechless .	0
eventually he finds him ,  striking too short at the greeks .	0
well ,  brighter lights always dim the smaller ones .	0
they’re well too .	0
not a word of me.	0
then our beggars are bodies, and our monarchs and outstretched heroes are the beggars' shadows.	0
you knew my father well ,  and in him me ,  left solely heir to all his lands and goods ,  which i have bettered rather than decreased .	0
is ’t possible ?	0
i beg you not to do this ,  my lord .	0
though it pass your patience and mine to endure her loud alarums ,  why ,  man ,  there be good fellows in the world ,  an a man could light on them ,  would take her with all faults ,  and money enough .	0
this is how they do it ,  sir: they measure the depth of the nile ,  according to certain marks made on the walls of the pyramid .	0
you know the meeting place .	0
i’m very glad i came to see you .	0
what woman wouldn’t be distressed ,  being lorded over by a handful of dust ?	0
worse than that ,  she’s polluted herself ,  so that the fountain is a place where disgusting toads copulate and reproduce !	0
three thousand dollars; right ?	0
hast thou forgot the foul witch sycorax ,  who with age and envy was grown into a hoop ?	0
tomorrow i’ll send the messenger .	0
you have it full ,  benedick .	0
oh ,  that’s disgusting !	0
and i beseech you ,  wrest once the law to your authority: to do a great right ,  do a little wrong; and curb this cruel devil of his will .	0
where are these murderers ?	0
ay, marry, go, i say, and fetch him hither.	0
for my part ,  i really don’t care .	0
they are in a rage.	0
draw together .	0
by eight o’clock .	0
then shall we be news - crammed .	0
the best in this kind are but shadows ,  and the worst are no worse if imagination amend them .	0
didst thou see any thing ?	0
he doth nothing but frown; as who should say ,  an you will not have me ,  choose; he hears merry tales ,  and smiles not: i fear he will prove the weeping philosopher when he grows old ,  being so full of unmannerly sadness in his youth .	0
i am as i have spoken .	0
touching this vision here ,  it is an honest ghost ,  that let me tell you .	0
young men will do it if they come to it ,  by god ,  they are to blame .	0
yes ,  my good lord .	0
we will follow you.	0
you a man ?	0
my neglecting worldly responsibilities like that ,  dedicating everything to seclusion and the bettering of my mind with that which ,  only by being so secluded ,  was worth more than all popular opinion ,  awoke in my false brother an evil nature; and my trust ,  like a good parent ,  made him lie ,  a lie as great as my trust was ,  which had no limit indeed ,  a confidence without boundaries .	0
i ,  thus neglecting worldly ends ,  all dedicated to closeness and the bettering of my mind with that which ,  but by being so retired ,  o'erprized all popular rate ,  in my false brother awaked an evil nature .	0
say ,  why is this ?	0
then i would you were so honest a man .	0
the sweetest honey is loathsome in his own deliciousness and in the taste confounds the appetite .	0
holy franciscan friar!	0
the duke’s in a meeting ?	0
it’s getting there .	0
and at the base of pompey’s statue ,  with his cloak covering his face ,  which was dripping with blood the whole time ,  great caesar fell .	0
you’re sure full of smooth answers .	0
what music ?	0
a second daniel ,  a daniel ,  jew !	0
come and get it !	0
the wine of life has been poured out ,  and only the dregs remain .	0
then the liars are fools ,  for there are enough liars in the world to beat up the honest men and hang them .	0
moor ,  she was chaste; she loved you ,  cruel moor; so my soul goes to heaven ,  because i tell the truth; so speaking as i think ,  i die ,  i die .	0
god ,  i’m really sick .	0
no, my good lord.	0
yet ,  when we can entreat an hour to serve ,  we would spend it in some words upon that business ,  if you would grant the time .	0
it is my duty ,  sir .	0
i am not to you known ,  though in your state of honor i am perfect .	0
had all his hairs been lives, my great revenge had stomach for them all.	0
go quickly to high fortune !	0
you have to be patient ,  madam .	0
marry ,  th' athversary was have possession of the pridge ,  but he is enforced to retire ,  and the duke of exeter is master of the pridge .	0
your hands ,  come then .	0
we'll e'en to't like french falconers, fly at any thing we see.	0
for no man ,  sir .	0
i’ll warm myself by blowing on the fire .	0
for both our sakes ,  i would that word were true .	0
it’s 9 am .	0
what do you say, james soundpost?	0
no ,  it was just a dream .	0
come .	0
my good qualities ,  my legal status as desdemona’s husband ,  and my innocence will protect me .	0
thy grace shall have it.	0
what wicked magician has conjured up this devil to interrupt this sacred burial rite ?	0
even better ,  and worse .	0
we’ll cool the mixture with baboon blood .	0
you shall not go, my lord.	0
we cannot fight for love as men may do .	0
the jew shall have my flesh, blood, bones, and everything, before you shall lose one drop of blood for me.	0
have some others search .	0
and so the lion vanished.	0
kill me tomorrow; let me live tonight !	0
he’s a friend of the duke alençon’s .	0
how are things going now ?	0
as the time ,  the place ,  and the condition of this country stands ,  i could heartily wish this had not happen ,  but since it is what it is ,  fix it for your own good .	0
my gentleman ,  cesario ?	0
if i quench thee ,  thou flaming minister ,  i can again thy former light restore should i repent me .	0
we don’t doubt it .	0
o, damn her!	0
come ,  warble for me .	0
i’ll remember .	0
i’m telling you ,  your husband .	0
if you will patiently join our dances, and see our moonlight parties, go with us; if not, leave me alone, and i won’t comment on where you’re going.	0
you thought so ,  and took his side when we decided who should die ,  in our black punishment and condemning to death .	0
does’t not go well ?	0
you’ll never see me again ,  whether or not he’s dead .	0
run away, i beg you!	0
would you ever do such a thing for all the world ?	0
god be with you!	0
good god, betimes remove the means that makes us strangers!	0
really ,  young men ,  though it wasn’t a very hard song to get right ,  the music was still all out of tune .	0
our day is gone; come clouds ,  dews ,  and dangers; our deeds are done !	0
all to our advantage .	0
farewell, father.	0
you’ve described a hot friend cooling off.	0
i’m afraid he will .	0
here on his manly breast.	0
listen ,  listen !	0
it is not friendly ,  ’tis not maidenly .	0
well ,  well ,  well— pray god it be ,  sir .	0
use every man after his desert, and who shall 'scape whipping?	0
bring in my lord.	0
but who comes here ?	0
good then ,  casca .	0
i am a villain .	0
he hath much land ,  and fertile .	0
madam ,  i’ll take my leave .	0
i do not set my life in a pin’s fee ,  and for my soul—what can it do to that ,  being a thing immortal as itself ?	0
a match !	0
let your highness command me ,  to whom my duties are joined forever with a most unbreakable tie .	0
have you told her our decision ?	0
give me thy hand .	0
how now ,  cassio !	0
i kiss the wall's hole, not your lips at all.	0
will you leave and hide ?	0
he's gone, he's killed, he's dead!	0
besides ,  antonio certified the duke they were not with bassanio in his ship .	0
why should he follow ?	0
right now ?	0
what's this ?	0
good .	0
wake up ,  i say !	0
come on, sir.	0
thou art a fellow of a good respect .	0
if only i could somehow relate them to me !	0
i have no knowledge of the king - becoming graces ,  such as justice ,  verity ,  temperance ,  stableness ,  bounty ,  perseverance ,  mercy ,  lowliness ,  devotion ,  patience ,  courage ,  fortitude ,  but i only abound in the division of each several crime ,  acting it many ways .	0
what beast was ’t ,  then ,  that made you break this enterprise to me ?	0
only i here importune death awhile ,  until of many thousand kisses the poor last i lay upon thy lips .	0
i swear it’s a habitual lust ,  a list and hidden opening to the history of lust and evil thoughts .	0
then you shall be his surety.	0
it is twice blessed: it blesseth him that gives and him that takes .	0
out ,  dog !	0
isn’t tomorrow, boy, the ides of march?	0
let’s see once more this saying graved in gold ,   “ who chooseth me shall gain what many men desire .  ”  why ,  that’s the lady .	0
here is something for your pains.	0
short but still tedious ?	0
she swoons to see them bleed .	0
o ,  thou wilt speak again of banishment .	0
denmark's a prison.	0
i served mark antony ,  who was the commander most worthy of my services .	0
wherefore weep you ?	0
what ,  man !	0
oh ,  my reputation ,  iago ,  my reputation !	0
why ,  no ,  boy .	0
i grow old ,  and all dignity has been thrashed out of me .	0
i’ll call you  “ hamlet senior ,  ”   “ king ,  ”   “ father ,  ”   “ royal dane .  ”  answer me !	0
meet me and gratiano at his house in about an hour .	0
where’s satisfaction ?	0
let me go, sir, or i'll knock you o'er the mazzard.	0
o dainty duck !	0
you are my love, i think.	0
we are now afloat on such a high tide ,  and we must take the opportunity when it presents itself ,  or lose our one lucky chance .	0
is all the conversation that we two have shared, the sisters' vows, the hours that we have spent, when we have scolded the clock for parting us,—oh, is it all forgotten?	0
i tell thee ,  i ,  that thou hast marred her gown .	0
you, roderigo!	0
i'll send a friar to mantua quickly ,  with my letters to romeo .	0
the wiser the woman ,  the wilder .	0
so do you too ,  where you perceive them thick .	0
i’ll teach you to drink hard by the time you leave .	0
i used to be the man in the moon a long time ago .	0
our intention was to be gone from athens ,  and to get to a place where we might be together without the punishment of the athenian law .	0
signior brabantio ,  ho !	0
who is he that was not born of woman ?	0
but let this same be presently perform'd ,  even while men's minds are wild ,  lest more mischance on plots and errors happen .	0
tis true .	0
oh ,  misery !	0
so would not i .	0
welcome, good robin.	0
i am sorry that you cannot stay.	0
then he shall have no odds .	0
has it been decided that richard will be  it’s been decided ,  though not yet officially announced .	0
father ,  what news ?	0
octavius ,  i have seen more days than you ,  and though we lay these honors on this man to ease ourselves of divers slanderous loads ,  he shall but bear them as the ass bears gold ,  to groan and sweat under the business ,  either led or driven ,  as we point the way; and having brought our treasure where we will ,  then take we down his load and turn him off ,  like to the empty ass ,  to shake his ears and graze in commons .	0
what news ?	0
if to preserve this body for my lord from any other evil unlawful touch is not to be a prostitute ,  i am none .	0
o, for two special reasons, which may to you, perhaps, seem a bit cowardly, but yet to me they are strong.	0
i think he’s actually serious ,  and not just being polite .	0
why ,  revenge .	0
if you will watch his going thence (which i will fashion to fall out between twelve and one) you may take him at your pleasure .	0
caliban drinks] amen !	0
who is here so rude that would not be a roman ?	0
but virtue, as it never will be moved, though lewdness court it in a shape of heaven, so lust, though to a radiant angel link'd, will sate itself in a celestial bed and prey on garbage.	0
regan ,  i hope you didn’t know anything about that . —ah ,  who’s this ?	0
i'll be with you straight .	0
what does romeo say ?	0
where has caesar deserved your loves like this?	0
is he dead?	0
hark !	0
he comes ,  my lord .	0
get out of my sight !	0
sleep dwell upon thine eyes ,  peace in thy breast !	0
thanks, you the valiant of this warlike isle, that so approve the moor!	0
snout ,  the tinker !	0
my father had a daughter who loved a man in the same way that i might love you ,  if i were a woman .	0
that if you be honest and fair ,  your honesty should admit no discourse to your beauty .	0
come ,  vial .	0
no, cousin, i'd rather cry.	0
i’ll always be loyal to you ,  sir .	0
there are no tricks in plain and simple faith; but hollow men, like horses hot at hand, make gallant show and promise of their mettle; but when they should endure the bloody spur, they fall their crests and like deceitful jades sink in the trial.	0
ha !	0
first ,  noble friend ,  let me embrace you ,  whose honor can’t be measured or confined .	0
if you are well pleased with this ,  and hold your fortune for your bliss ,  turn to where your lady is and claim her with a loving kiss .  ”  a gentle scroll .	0
i slept with cassio lately ,  and ,  being troubled with a raging tooth ,  i could not sleep .	0
i didn’t find him at the elephant .	0
what should we say ,  my lord ?	0
is in his retirement marvelous distempered .	0
i drink in the air before me ,  and return before your pulse beats twice .	0
he hath ,  my lord ,  but be you well assured no more than he’ll unswear .	0
is marcus luccicos in town ?	0
your lordship is right welcome back to denmark .	0
let us on heaps go offer up our lives .	0
be a rebel for revenge for all these problems ,  and i’ll support you as far as the man who goes the farthest .	0
you’ll find it otherwise ,  i assure you .	0
go back again ,  slave ,  and bring him home .	0
what though i killed her husband and her father ?	0
o, she teaches the torches to burn bright!	0
write down prince john a villain .	0
doesn’t my wit suit me well ?	0
then it is he; the rest that are nobles are already in the court .	0
thou hast forspoke my being in these wars and sayst it is not fit .	0
alas, my liege, my wife is dead to-night!	0
thieves !	0
god be with you !	0
i thank my noble lord .	0
tis dangerous when the baser nature comes between the pass and fell incensed points of mighty opposites .	0
judge me the world if ’tis not gross in sense that thou hast practiced on her with foul charms ,  abused her delicate youth with drugs or minerals that weakens motion .	0
will you play upon this pipe ?	0
wherefore was i to this keen mockery born?	0
madam !	0
no woman is strong enough to put up with the kind of intense passion i feel .	0
who comes so fast in silence of the night ?	0
contending with the fretful elements .	0
by my count i was your mother pretty close to the age that you are now.	0
there i shall see mine own figure .	0
what does the lead box say ?	0
rest you merry !	0
what you have said i will consider; what you have to say i will with patience hear ,  and find a time both meet to hear and answer such high things .	0
are you going to take care of this thing now ?	0
by jove that thunders !	0
let your highness command me, to whom my duties are joined forever with a most unbreakable tie.	0
don’t come near until you hear me call .	0
who can control his fate ?	0
there !	0
bring us the letter .	0
let this evil hour stand forever cursed in the calendar!	0
no .	0
the same indeed ,  a very valiant fellow .	0
i know you are not lazy.	0
oh ,  teach me your look ,  and with what magic you have stolen demetrius' heart !	0
my cause is fixed in my heart; yours has no less reason.	0
i don’t even know you .	0
they stared at us in confusion .	0
will you know them then?	0
be fickle ,  fortune ,  for then i hope thou wilt not keep him long but send him back .	0
i did not see you; welcome, gentle signior; we lack'd your counsel and your help tonight.	0
you mistake ,  sir .	0
that’s more than we know .	0
i will withdraw to furnish me with some swift means of death for the fair devil .	0
i would not kill thy soul .	0
security gives way to conspiracy.	0
but thou wouldst not think how ill all’s here about my heart .	0
thy drugs are quick.	0
he says ,  for brutus' sake ,  he finds himself grateful to us all .	0
fury ,  fury ! —get over there ,  tyrant ,  there .	0
tis time to part .	0
o most dear mistress ,  the sun will set before i shall discharge what i must strive to do .	0
tell me, good brutus, can you see your face?	0
help me into some house ,  benvolio ,  or i shall faint .	0
scornful lysander!	0
moon and stars !	0
but let this same be presently perform'd, even while men's minds are wild, lest more mischance on plots and errors happen.	0
they are his shards ,  and he	0
this ensign here of mine was turning back; i slew the coward, and did take it from him.	0
go with me to the vault .	0
when we were alone ,  we agreed that in public she would go on being unpleasant .	0
how now ,  brother edmund ?	0
i have lived long enough.	0
what rhubarb ,  senna ,  or other purgative drugs ,  would do keep these english here healthy ?	0
now get out of here !	0
why have you stol’n upon us thus ?	0
my lord ,  there needs no such apology .	0
why, man, they did make love to this employment!	0
small cheer and great welcome makes a merry feast .	0
even he, sir.	0
come, nerissa.	0
seek it out .	0
a greater power than we can contradict hath thwarted our intents .	0
lord, how my head aches!	0
friends both ,  go get some further assistance .	0
no ,  not for all the world .	0
i said you had a fine wit .	0
one aloof stand sentinel.	0
thriftless ambition ,  that wilt ravin up thine own life's means !	0
i’m lorenzo ,  your love .	0
well, i’ll there.	0
if he be absent ,  bring his brother to me .	0
i shall also have cause to speak of that, and directly from his mouth whose voice will deliver it.	0
who is it?	0
o ,  quicken them with thine !	0
are you making fun of me ?	0
to all ,  our thanks .	0
i am the duke that loved your father .	0
if she refuses my proposal ,  i’ll tell her how much i’m looking forward to the announcement and the wedding .	0
can he spit out trinculos?	0
graces will appear ,  and there’s an end .	0
read the will!	0
if you are well pleased with this, and hold your fortune for your bliss, turn to where your lady is and claim her with a loving kiss.” a gentle scroll.	0
but she’s got to die ,  or she’ll cheat on other men .	0
arm, arm, and out!	0
therefore then ,  thou gaudy gold ,  hard food for midas ,  i will none of thee .	0
quite dumb ?	0
sir ,  sir ,  sir ,  but you must certainly be sure that my spirit and my place have power in them to make this bitter to you .	0
portia ,  go in awhile ,  and by and by ,  your heart shall hear the secrets of my heart .	0
now i’ve paid you back ,  parthia ,  and gotten revenge for marcus crassus’ death .	0
a certain convocation of politic worms are e'en at him.	0
this scene is chaotic .	0
if he backs down ,  he’ll become as notorious a villain and as saucy a jack as ever walked on god’s earth ,  in my opinion .	0
look where the youngest wren of nine comes .	0
and will you tear our ancient love apart to join with men in scorning your poor friend ?	0
let her come in .	0
hark you ,  sir .	0
if i do live ,  i will be good to thee .	0
the whole butt ,  man .	0
and so will i.	0
we must obey the time .	0
while he was yet in rome his power went out in such distractions as beguiled all spies .	0
why ,  you were with him ,  were you not ?	0
and the business you have broached here cannot be without you ,  especially that of cleopatra’s ,  which wholly depends on your abode .	0
you did well, and you shall sleep again; i’ll not keep you long.	0
therefore, get to your horse, and let us not be too dainty in saying goodbye, but only sneak away.	0
here comes brabantio and the valiant moor .	0
they could be content to visit other places, and come down with fearful bravery, thinking by this face to fasten in our thoughts that they have courage; but 'tis not so.	0
forty thousand brothers could not ,  with all their quantity of love ,  make up my sum .	0
referee !	0
get up, i say.	0
stones have been known to move ,  and trees to speak .	0
the labor we delight in cures pain.	0
o iago !	0
warm ,  o' my troth .	0
by foul play, as thou sayst, were we heaved thence, but blessedly holp hither.	0
my words would bandy her to my sweet love ,  and his to me .	0
if they told the truth, as their speeches shine on you, macbeth, why, by the truths made good on you, might they not be my prophecies as well, and set up my hopes?	0
but this eternal description must not be given to ears of flesh and blood .	0
bring him here dead or alive within the next year ,  or get out off my land .	0
i never heard a passion so confused ,  so strange ,  outrageous ,  and so variable ,  as the dog jew did utter in the streets .	0
and liegemen to the dane.	0
who is thy lord?	0
if you’ll come to supper tonight ,  you may .	0
strike the drum .	0
you shall not gauge me by what we do tonight .	0
so beware of my contempt ,  and keep your promise .	0
in the corrupted currents of this world offense’s gilded hand may shove by justice ,  and oft ’tis seen the wicked prize itself buys out the law .	0
as i remember ,  this should be the house .	0
sea - nymphs hourly ring his knell: ding dong .	0
because ,  my good king ,  england is so poorly led ,  her scepter so foolishly borne by a vain ,  silly ,  shallow ,  impulsive youth ,  that she’s hardly a threat .	0
scarcity and want shall ignore you; ceres' blessing so be on you .	0
you have heard much .	0
the time and my intents are savage-wild, more fierce and more inexorable far than empty tigers or the roaring sea.	0
go ,  girl ,  seek happy nights to happy days .	0
so awake when i am gone; for i must now to oberon.	0
o sad sympathy!	0
goneril ,  you know how much i love you ,  but still i have to say— shush ,  please .	0
stay on thy peril; i alone will go .	0
i beg you ,  although you mock me ,  gentlemen ,  don’t let her hurt me .	0
they fell together all, as by consent; they dropped, as by a thunder-stroke.	0
i am not bound to please thee with my answers.	0
dost thou like the plot ,  trinculo ?	0
i have heard where many of the best respect in rome ,  except immortal caesar ,  speaking of brutus ,  and groaning underneath this age's yoke ,  have wish'd that noble brutus had his eyes .	0
the enemy comes on in a show full of noble daring; their bloody sign of battle is hung out, and something has to be done immediately.	0
i did hear him groan.	0
and when you married him and made him the master of your bed ,  i gave you my word that i would do everything i possibly could for him .	0
and yet thou wilt tutor me from quarrelling !	0
but are not some whole that we must make sick?	0
o strange!	0
clubs cannot part them .	0
he won’t catch a wink of sleep ,  either at night or during the day .	0
this is her very guise; and ,  upon my life ,  fast asleep .	0
truly ,  sir ,  in respect of a fine worker ,  i’m only ,  as you would say a cobbler .	0
they shall ,  nerissa; but in such a costume that they’ll think we are finished with that we don’t have .	0
caesar ?	0
what ,  will the line stretch out to the crack of doom ?	0
romeo !	0
what ,  out of hearing ?	0
do all your conquests ,  glories ,  triumphs ,  spoils ,  boil down to this ?	0
no ,  as i shall be saved .	0
he would not take the crown; therefore 'tis certain he was not ambitious.	0
not a false gallop .	0
and i am witness with her that she did .	0
who is it that cried ?	0
therefore ,  as i am supposed to ,  receive it from me .	0
come hither ,  neighbor seacole .	0
i see these witches are afraid of swords .	0
i have as much of this skill as you ,  but still i couldn’t bear such new like that .	0
tell us how it happened, gentle casca.	0
are you up?	0
cassio’s a good friend of mine—my lord ,  i can see you’re upset .	0
it is not lost; but what if it were?	0
at first the infant ,  mewling and puking in the nurse’s arms .	0
the tyrant has not batter'd at their peace ?	0
if it’s work for a man ,  i’ll do it .	0
oh ,  i thank my lucky stars ,  i’m so happy .	0
who was ’t came by ?	0
pass .	0
well ,  we can put away our pipes and go home .	0
wert thou as young as i ,  juliet thy love ,  an hour but married ,  tybalt murderèd ,  doting like me ,  and like me banishèd ,  then mightst thou speak ,  then mightst thou tear thy hair and fall upon the ground ,  as i do now ,  taking the measure of an unmade grave .	0
come, sir, your passado!	0
finding ourselves sailing too slow ,  we put up a great fight ,  and ,  in the skirmish ,  i boarded them .	0
retire !	0
my lord, you know i love you.	0
i think i told your lordship a year since how much i am in the favor of margaret ,  the waiting gentlewoman to hero .	0
i’ll have nothing else except this only; and now ,  i think ,  i have a mind to have it .	0
sir, amen.	0
by all the gods that romans bow before ,  i here discard my sickness .	0
what a wretched and peevish fellow is this king of england to mope with his fat - brained followers so far out of his knowledge .	0
retreat further ,  my lord ,  retreat further .	0
it is short ,  my lord .	0
being done, there is no pause.	0
that our clothes were drenched with sea water ,  but they came out looking brand - new .	0
what, rome?	0
what do you want me to do with this ?	0
so please you ,  we will stand and watch your pleasure .	0
listen .	0
nor i, my lord.	0
i’m just stating the facts as i see them .	0
i have news for you about the prince’s punishment .	0
yes ,  i do .	0
o, damn her!	0
all the conspirators save only he did that they did in envy of great caesar .	0
this is what happens when you act rashly .	0
good heart, at what?	0
show!	0
reserve them till a merrier hour than this .	0
if you will patiently join our dances ,  and see our moonlight parties ,  go with us; if not ,  leave me alone ,  and i won’t comment on where you’re going .	0
letters ,  my lord ,  from hamlet .	0
a sail, a sail, a sail!	0
a second daniel, a daniel, jew!	0
i must leave them and seek some better service .	0
o me!	0
let’s follow the music as far as we can without leaving our station and see if it stops .	0
why then ,  good night indeed .	0
the crowner hath sat on her, and finds it christian burial.	0
and so i have lost a noble father, a sister driven into insanity, whose worth, if praises may go back again, stood as a challenger to the most beautiful woman of all time for her perfections.	0
the west yet glimmers with some streaks of day; now spurs the lated traveller apace to gain the timely inn ,  and near approaches the subject of our watch .	0
it’s really the only way ,  sir andrew .	0
run to the capulets .	0
not altogether so ,  sir .	0
from hamlet!	0
why not ?	0
madam, not now.	0
no cock of mine .	0
oh ,  really ?	0
this is she—    peace ,  peace ,  mercutio ,  peace !	0
and i’ll go to bed at noon .	0
i am desperate of my fortunes if they check me .	0
lead off this ground, and let's make further search for my poor son.	0
what i’m saying can’t anger him .	0
yea ,  richard ,  when i know ,  for i protest as yet i do not .	0
my lord bassanio gave his ring away to the judge that asked for it ,  and indeed deserved it too; and then the boy ,  his clerk ,  that took some pains in writing ,  he asked for mine; and neither man nor master would take anything else but the two rings .	0
i’ll meet you there .	0
not having the thing that would make them short hours.	0
well run ,  thisbe !	0
yes ,  you have seen cassio and she together .	0
let me shake thy hand .	0
yes, and said nothing except that which i have every intention of doing.	0
well ,  what is it ?	0
has caesar gone to the capitol ?	0
would?	0
what ,  ho !	0
as if that name, shot from the deadly level of a gun, did murder her; as that name's cursed hand murdered her kinsman.	0
and too soon marred are those so early made .	0
well, ok.	0
yet i wish i could take that promise back ,  so i had it to give again .	0
or to be naked with her friend in bed an hour or more ,  not meaning any harm ?	0
come ,  go along .	0
my lord ,  we will not .	0
tunis was never graced before with anything equal to their queen .	0
the will ,  the will !	0
i will give treason his payment into plows ,  i warrant you .	0
being in the city was better for them in regards to their reputation and their profits .	0
what early tongue so sweet saluteth me ?	0
you english princes all ,  i do salute you .	0
these griefs ,  these woes ,  these sorrows make me old .	0
we must have your doublet and hose plucked over your head and show the world what the bird hath done to her own nest .	0
you’re leaving with my tongue in your tail ?	0
come, bring him away.	0
but first i will release the fairy queen.	0
tell the army to flee .	0
the son and heir of old tiberio .	0
why ,  with my lord ,  madam .	0
by so much the more shall i tomorrow be at the height of heart - heaviness ,  by how much i shall think my brother happy in having what he wishes for .	0
speak but one rhyme, and i am satisfied; cry but “ah me!” pronounce but “love” and “dove;” speak one fair word to my godmother venus, one nickname for her almost blind son and heir, young auburn cupid, he that shot the arrow so well when king cophetua loved the beggar-maid!	0
so the poor third is up ,  till death enlarge his confine .	0
one fairer than my love ?	0
then are our beggars bodies, and our monarchs and outstretched heroes the beggars' shadows.	0
well then, here it is.	0
tis call'd the evil: a most miraculous work in this good king ,  which often ,  since my here - remain in england ,  i have seen him do .	0
indeed ,  before he fell down ,  when he realized the commoners were glad he refused the crown ,  he pulled open his robe and offered them his throat to cut .	0
i prophesied that ,  if a gallows were on land ,  this fellow could not drown .	0
what crimes have you committed to be sent here to this prison ?	0
sir ,  he’s with caesar .	0
i’ll rather dwell in my necessity .	0
didn’t you just say he was ?	0
no ,  he didn’t get any by me .	0
well ,  well .	0
this hill is far enough.—look, look, titinius; are those my tents on fire?	0
who steals my purse steals trash .	0
all your parts together didn’t arouse such jealousy in him as did that one, and that, in my regard, is his weak spot.	0
first ,  know my horse is tired ,  my master and mistress fallen out .	0
alas, thou hast misconstrued every thing!	0
i am not yet so low but that my nails can reach unto thine eyes .	0
i had rather be a peddler .	0
o happy fair !	0
i'll say yon grey is not the morning's eye, 'tis but the pale reflex of cynthia's brow; nor that is not the lark whose notes do beat the vaulty heaven so high above our heads.	0
not so happy, yet much happier.	0
o cursed ,  cursed slave !	0
help, help, help!	0
what minor god has come so near to making a woman ?	0
he’s a stylish man .	0
do you even get what i’m saying ?	0
that we should, with joy, pleasure, partying, and applause, transform ourselves into beasts!	0
by the mass ,  and 'tis like a camel ,  indeed .	0
juliet ,  i’ll wake you up early on thursday early .	0
it is an accustomed action with her, to seem thus washing her hands.	0
faith ,  sir ,  so - so .	0
i am weary of this moon.	0
is she not a modest young lady ?	0
imperious caesar ,  dead and turn'd to clay ,  might stop a hole to keep the wind away .	0
see how yon justice rails upon yon simple thief .	0
o dear !	0
and you won’t until the needy eat .	0
this is the woman, but not this the man.	0
oh ,  he’s been betrayed ,  and i’ve been ruined .	0
but those that understood him smiled at one another and shook their heads .	0
or here ,  or at the capitol .	0
when i told you my state was nothing, i should then have told you that i was worse than nothing; for, indeed, i have engag'd myself to a dear friend, engag'd my friend to his mere enemy, to feed my means.	0
i said she was .	0
the crowner hath sat on her and finds it christian burial .	0
i hope so .	0
and death ,  not romeo ,  take my maidenhead !	0
have you not read ,  roderigo ,  of some such thing ?	0
i am hers.	0
mark his condition and the event .	0
exclaim no more against it.	0
tell him so yourself, and see how he will take it at your hands.	0
i know his walk; it is he.	0
never fear that.	0
light is an effect of fire ,  and fire will burn: ergo ,  light wenches will burn .	0
o single - soled joke ,  only singular for the singleness !	0
the heart is sorely perplexed .	0
stop, please, widow dido.	0
bring me to antony .	0
whither wander you?	0
your mother was a piece of virtue ,  and she said you were my daughter: and your father was duke of milan and his only heir a princess — born no less .	0
is this your idea of success ?	0
that will i ,  pompey .	0
don’t hear it ,  duncan ,  for it is a sorrowful omen of death that summons you to heaven or to hell .	0
i am very happy he wasn’t at this fight .	0
you’ll heat my blood .	0
help!	0
i don’t think he has been marked for drowning: his complexion is perfect for being hanged .	0
most noble caesar !	0
i should have been a sore one, then.	0
they tell me you’ve done everything you can to talk him out of what he’s doing .	0
caesar ,  i never stood on ceremonies ,  yet now they fright me .	0
god's bodykins, man, much better!	0
marry, sir, 'tis an ill cook that cannot lick his own fingers.	0
brutus ,  don’t scold me ,  i won’t put up with it .	0
i’m not dead ?	0
tell me but truly—but then speak the truth— do you not love my sister ?	0
are you going riding you this afternoon ?	0
though nature hath given us wit to flout at fortune ,  hath not fortune sent in this fool to cut off the argument ?	0
so art thou to revenge when thou shalt hear .	0
o my dear cassio ,  my sweet cassio !	0
good my lord ,  enter here .	0
amen .	0
how now ,  balthasar ?	0
some officers take them away .	0
come away.	0
it’s not earlier than that ,  i tell you .	0
go to my room and put on something of mine .	0
out of her favour, where i am in love.	0
honey ,  cyprus will be very glad to see you; i have found great love among them .	0
farewell ,  good salisbury ,  and good luck go with thee .	0
if you call me jephthah ,  my lord ,  i have a daughter that i love passing well .	0
what are they that do play it?	0
tis strange ,  my theseus ,  that these lovers speak of .	0
i’ll drain him dry as hay .	0
why, gentle sweet, you shall see no such thing.	0
good-night; and better health attend his majesty!	0
if he said so ,  may his evil soul rot half a grain a day !	0
by my sword ,  beatrice ,  thou lovest me .	0
hate it ,  fear it ,  do not come inside .	0
the wide world is not ignorant of her worth ,  because the four winds blow in famous men who want to marry her from every coast ,  and her golden curls hang on her head like a golden fleece ,  which makes belmont ,  her home ,  a rich island in a lake ,  and many sailors and heroes come to find her .	0
he was a goodly king .	0
not i ,  my lord .	0
what!	0
i thank you for your pains and courtesy .	0
your goods that lay at host ,  sir ,  in the centaur .	0
if it’s sad to see a handsome man with a cheating wife ,  it’s a tragedy to see an ugly thug with a wife who’s faithful .	0
if she welcomes him and his hundred knights after i’ve shown how inappropriately he’s behaved— here ,  ma'am .	0
i’m right behind you .	0
why, lady!	0
the law ,  that threat'ned death ,  becomes thy friend and turns it to exile .	0
and turns the sun to shade .	0
he answered 'don’t hurry back; don’t be careless with business for my sake ,  bassanio ,  but wait until your plans are realized; and for the jew's promise to pay which he has from me ,  don’t let it enter your mind ,  thinking about love: be happy ,  and use your main thoughts for courtship ,  and such beautiful shows of love that may agree with you there .  ”  and even there ,  his eyes being big with tears ,  turning his face away ,  he put his hands behind him ,  and with affection that was amazingly easy to feel ,  he shook and shook bassanio's hand ,  and they parted like that .	0
o love!	0
no ,  i won’t cry any more .	0
throw her out, the good for nothing!	0
you shall remain a prisoner ,  until the nature of your crime is known to the venetian state .	0
be violent ,  bold ,  and firm .	0
it was about to speak ,  when the rooster crowed .	0
the king my father ?  !	0
then i salute you with this royal title: long live richard ,  england’s worthy king !	0
tell not me .	0
i don’t know what to believe ,  father .	0
never at quiet!	0
aside] praise in departing .	0
the one of them contains my picture ,  prince .	0
o ,  then ,  by day where will you find a cavern dark enough to hide your monstrous face ?	0
what didst not like ?	0
never hamlet .	0
give me any gage of thine ,  and i will wear it in my bonnet .	0
so please rest .	0
oh ,  unfaithful lover !	0
i'll not be far from you .	0
i know she trusts you and tells you everything .	0
there’s no doubt that petruchio’s got quite a catch .	0
all men i hope live so .	0
the moor's abused by some most villainous knave ,  some base notorious knave ,  some scurvy fellow .	0
the king comes here tonight.	0
in that event ,  you gods ,  you make the weak the strongest; in that event ,  you gods ,  you defeat tyrants .	0
iago?	0
wear your wrongs, the title is settled.	0
whom thou wert sworn to cherish and defend .	0
i pray thee ,  tell me then that he is well .	0
moved ,  ”  in good time .	0
hearts cannot think it ,  tongues cannot speak it ,  meas - urements cannot calculate it ,  scribes cannot write it ,  bards cannot sing it ,  and poets cannot make verses about it .	0
go tell him about this.	0
a pickaxe and a spade, a spade, for and a shrouding sheet, oe a pit of clay for to be made for such a guest is ptoper.	0
heaven preserve you !	0
pindarus, bid our commanders lead their charges off a little from this ground.	0
o, go away!	0
i wot well where he is.	0
now you are my lieutenant.	0
why  “ let it strike ”  ?	0
it is not well done ,  mark you now ,  to take the tales out of my mouth ere it is made and finished .	0
o cassius ,  if you could but win the noble brutus to our party— be you content .	0
you, to remove that siege of grief from her, betroth'd and would have married her perforce to county paris.	0
follow him ,  friends .	0
silence bestows that virtue on it ,  madam .	0
will caesar speak ?	0
how now ,  my lord !	0
yes ,  he was hotheaded even in the prime of his life .	0
but i promise it can be cured with some guidance .	0
i have been told so of many .	0
don’t stay to question what happened, because the guard is coming.	0
o villain!	0
if not, i'll die your maid: to be your fellow you may deny me, but i'll be your servant whether you will or no.	0
gentlemen all, i suspect this trash to be a party to this injury.	0
i wish your worship well .	0
this shall determine that.	0
as far as i’m concerned ,  what’s past is done .	0
one of these three chests contains her heavenly picture.	0
if hercules and lichas play at dice which is the better man, the greater throw may turn by fortune from the weaker hand: so is alcides beaten by his page; and so may i, blind fortune leading me, miss that which one unworthier may attain, and die with grieving.	0
i shall obey ,  my lord .	0
i got it from him: pardon me, bassanio, because, by this ring, the doctor slept with me.	0
oh !	0
up so .	0
o ,  name him not .	0
he shall not live; look ,  with a spot i damn him .	0
doesn’t he deserve it ?	0
what is it ?	0
do you really think so ?	0
what soldiers ,  patch ?	0
good sentences ,  and well pronounced .	0
the gallows-maker; for that frame outlives a thousand tenants.	0
then i’ll see you again ?	0
fourscore ducats !	0
you are he ,  you are he .	0
most gracious majesty !	0
before the eyes of both our armies here ,  which should perceive nothing but love from us ,  let us not wrangle .	0
you do impeach your modesty too much to leave the city and commit yourself into the hands of one that loves you not; to trust the opportunity of night, and the ill counsel of a desert place, with the rich worth of your virginity.	0
has it come to this ?	0
heaven preserve you !	0
i wish my eyes would shut up my thoughts by closing: i think they want to do so .	0
a great suspicion !	0
they’re all welcome.— what worries are keeping you from sleeping?	0
what ,  ariel !	0
disobedient wretch!	0
please ,  get some excellent music ,  because tomorrow we want to serenade lady hero at her bedroom window .	0
are you an actor ?	0
get out of my sight !	0
let her not say ’tis i that keep you here .	0
hast thou forgot the foul witch sycorax ,  who with age and envy was grown into a hoop ?	0
we argued about which was best ,  and now we won’t get either one .	0
this murderous arrow that's been shot has not yet hit its target, and our safest way is to avoid the aim.	0
i will bestow you where you shall have time to speak your bosom freely.	0
thou livest .	0
stinking like a swamp .	0
o ,  carry him out of the air .	0
well ,  get you gone .	0
art thou aught else but place ,  degree ,  and form ,  creating awe and fear in other men ,  wherein thou art less happy ,  being feared ,  than they in fearing ?	0
you’ll make me angry .	0
it is a very deep oath.	0
o ,  i were damn'd beneath all depth in hell ,  but that i did proceed upon just grounds to this extremity .	0
o for a falconer's voice to lure this tassel-gentle back again!	0
should you do so ,  my lord ,  my speech should fall into such vile success which my thoughts aim not at .	0
yes ,  my lord .	0
thou hast quar rell'd with a man for coughing in the street ,  because he hath wakened thy dog that hath lain asleep in the sun .	0
what ,  and my old venetian friend salerio ?	0
and yet i wish but for the thing i have.	0
no we’re not—it’s night .	0
then ,  by myself—      thyself is self - misused .	0
i have made you mad, and even with suchlike valour men hang and drown their proper selves.	0
octavius ,  then take him to follow thee ,  that did the latest service to my master .	0
let’s assume that she has a reason ,  which you don’t know yet: have faith that she’ll eventually explain why she shut the doors on you today .	0
amen ,  amen .	0
bottom ! —oh most courageous day !	0
moreover that we much did long to see you ,  the need we have to use you did provoke our hasty sending .	0
i assure you, my good lord, i believe my duty is, as i believe in my soul, both to my god and to my gracious king.	0
keep your word ,  phoebe ,  that you’ll marry me or else ,  refusing me ,  to wed this shepherd .	0
tis even so; for let our finger ache, and it indues our other healthful members even to that sense of pain.	0
what had he done to you ?	0
add defiance to all this and ,  by way of conclusion ,  tell him that he has betrayed the men who follow him ,  whose death sentence has been pronounced .  ”  my king and master’s message delivered ,  my task is done .	0
i arrest thee of high treason ,  by the name of henry ,  lord scroop of masham .	0
these gloves the count sent me ,  they are an excellent perfume .	0
as wicked dew as e'er my mother brushed with raven’s feather from unwholesome fen drop on you both !	0
god be wi' you; take mine office .	0
good friends, sweet friends, let me not stir you up to such a sudden flood of mutiny.	0
i will weep .	0
and may.	0
you blocks, you stones, you worse than senseless things!	0
o gods ,  you gods !	0
thou hast not half that power to do me harm as i have to be hurt .	0
ha !	0
this is a stranger business than men have ever set foot in before ,  and it’s not natural either .	0
cassio  she’s awake ,  sir .	0
this world doesn’t say yes ,  and it’s not strange at all that even our loves should change with our fortunes ,  because it’s a question we have to prove ,  when love leads fortune ,  or if fortune leads love .	0
with my meaning, sir, however you want to say it.	0
this is the door.	0
but my eyes ,  which i’ve darted at you ,  haven’t even left a mark .	0
i will owe thee an answer for that .	0
my child ,  my reason for living ,  wake up ,  look up ,  or i’ll die with you !	0
oh ,  horror ,  horror ,  horror !	0
none ,  brutus ,  none .	0
peace !	0
he’s great - looking ,  but how can you talk to someone who doesn’t speak your language ?	0
fathers, from hence trust not your daughters' minds by what you see them act.	0
what shall i do ?	0
in short ,  ophelia ,  don’t believe his vows ,  because they are pimps ,  not made of those things which show outside ,  but mere beggars of unholy courtships ,  breathing like holy and righteous procurers ,  the better to deceive you .	0
i’ll forbid all ships from leaving our harbors .	0
now i see that you can’t call anything good except in right context .	0
you don’t speak as you think; it cannot be .	0
let it be ,  because it’s the sport to have the swordsman killed with his own sword ,  and it won’t be easy but i will dig one yard below their mines and blow them at the moon .	0
what an idiot that monster is !	0
you can’t eat capons that way.	0
the duke is temperamental .	0
here comes newer comfort .	0
good riddance ! —close the curtains and leave . —i hope everyone who looks like him will make the same choice .	0
who knocks so hard?	0
i’m still young enough to see without glasses ,  and i don’t see what you’re talking about .	0
i breathed from my soul the most faithful offerings to your ungrateful altars that any devoted person has ever offered—what more am i supposed to do ?	0
the fiend is at mine elbow, and tempts me; saying to me,—gobbo, launcelot gobbo, good launcelot, or good gobbo, or good launcelot gobbo, use your legs, take the start, run away.—my conscience says, no; take heed, honest launcelot; take heed, honest gobbo; or, (as aforesaid) honest launcelot gobbo; do not run: scorn running with thy heels: well, the most courageous fiend bids me pack; via!	0
how now, my sweet bianca!	0
he, sir.	0
are you all crazy ?	0
all torment, trouble, wonder and amazement live here.	0
the time is very short .	0
take good care of him .	0
whereby hangs a tale, sir?	0
a plague o' both your houses !	0
because we are servants, and you think we are ruffians, you'd have your daughter covered with a african horse; you'd have your nephews neigh to you; you'd have chargers for cousins and small spanish horses for germans.	0
where is the beauteous majesty of denmark ?	0
another hero !	0
thy false uncle— dost thou attend me ?	0
quiet ,  quiet !	0
wherefore ?	0
but so what ?	0
he might have chid me so ,  for ,  in good faith ,  i am a child to chiding .	0
you all do know this mantle.	0
away with the doddering fool !	0
twas a shame no less than was his loss ,  to course your flying flags and leave his navy gazing .	0
it was a brute part of him to kill so capital a stupid fellow there .	0
you must awhile be patient .	0
hey, are you there?	0
if she is black and also has a wit, she'll find a white that will her blackness fit.	0
ere the bat hath flown his cloister'd flight; ere to black hecate's summons the shard-borne beetle with his drowsy hums hath rung night's yawning peal, there shall be done a deed of dreadful note.	0
none .	0
the court awards it ,  and the law doth give it .	0
i wish we may ,  but yet have i a mind that fears him much ,  and my misgiving still falls shrewdly to the purpose .	0
my mind is changed .	0
then is caesar and he forever knit together .	0
why ,  then othello and desdemona return again to venice .	0
the spring, the summer, the pregnant autumn, and angry winter change their usual clothes; and the amazed world, now doesn’t know which is which by their apparel.	0
humors !	0
oh ,  do not wish one more !	0
cobweb .	0
how now ,  friend eros !	0
and so far blameless proves my enterprise ,  that i have 'nointed an athenian’s eyes .	0
how ?	0
where the bee sucks ,  there suck i: in a flower’s bell i lie; there i sleep when owls cry .	0
love, and be friends, as two such men should be; for i have seen more years, i'm sure, than ye.	0
how?	0
you stayed well by ’t in egypt .	0
my beautiful queen ,  we’ll go up the mountain and listen to the hounds as their barking echoes in the cliffs and sounds like music .	0
down with the top mast!	0
only give birth to male children, for your unconquered spirit should be passed on only to males.	0
listen to me patiently .	0
i know that regan will taste just like goneril—both of them sour crabapples .	0
simple ,  plain clarence ,  i do love thee so that i will shortly send thy soul to heaven ,  if heaven will take the present at our hands .	0
i like it not .	0
wilt thou let him, my lord?	0
then the two of them will both pursue one girl .	0
i dare swear this is the right vincentio .	0
how then ,  sick ?	0
be angry when you will ,  it shall have scope; do what you will ,  dishonor shall be humor .	0
very reverend signior ,  do you know my voice ?	0
yet he seems capable .	0
did romeo's hand shed tybalt's blood ?	0
goodbye to the horses and the trumpets and the drums ,  the flute and the splendid banners ,  and all those proud displays and pageantry of war !	0
o heart ,  lose not thy nature; let not ever the soul of nero enter this firm bosom .	0
here you steal the name you don’t own and have put yourself on this island as a spy, to win it from me, the lord of it.	0
where?	0
ay.	0
only that a joy beyond joy calls out to me, it’s a grief so brief to part with you.	0
no ,  no ,  no ,  no !	0
better be with the dead, whom we, to gain our peace, have sent to peace, than on the torture of the mind to lie in restless ecstasy.	0
o, my antonio!	0
come here, man.	0
a great welcome home !	0
it’s nothing ,  my lord .	0
what might you think ?	0
does it not, think thee, stand me now upon— he that hath kill'd my king, and whored my mother; popp'd in between the election and my hopes; thrown out his angle for my proper life, and with such cozenage—is't not perfect conscience to quit him with this arm?	0
hark !	0
remove your armor ,  eros .	0
he did ,  and i gave it to him .	0
why do they run away ?	0
dressing my out - and - out wickedness in scraps of scripture ,  i look like a saint exactly when i’m most like the devil .	0
i pray thee, understand a plain man in his plain meaning; go to thy fellows; bid them cover the table, serve in the meat, and we will come in to dinner.	0
o ,  she's rich in beauty; only poor that ,  when she dies ,  her beauty dies with her .	0
o sirs ,  consider: they that set you on to do this deed will hate you for the deed .	0
don’t you have any modesty ,  any maiden shame ,  any touch of bashfulness ?	0
have you no more to say ?	0
where is he ?	0
of thirty sail .	0
and so i said to my daughter:  “ lord hamlet is a prince ,  he’s out of your league .	0
if thou couldst ,  doctor ,  cast the water of my land ,  find her disease and purge it to a sound and pristine health ,  i would applaud thee to the very echo ,  that should applaud again .	0
but i pray you ,  who is his companion ?	0
with your permission ,  hostess .	0
but i shall crave your pardon .	0
see not your bride in these unreverent robes .	0
there are tears for his love; joy for his fortune; honor for his valor, and death for his ambition.	0
when truth kills truth, o devilish-holy fray!	0
o woeful ,  woeful ,  woeful day !	0
now welcome ,  kate ,  and bear me witness all that here i kiss her as my sovereign queen .	0
o, how ripe in show thy lips, those kissing cherries, tempting grow!	0
unkindness may do much ,  and his unkindness may kill my life ,  but never taint my love .	0
i don’t think a ridiculous pyramus like that one deserves much moaning .	0
o me ,  what hast thou done ?	0
calling death banishment, you cut my head off with a golden axe, and smile on the stroke that murders me.	0
as stupid as dirt!	0
coraggio ,  bully - monster ,   if these be true spies which i wear in my head ,  here’s a goodly sight .	0
what's the news from venice ?	0
he will not know what all but he do know .	0
did cicero say anything ?	0
i could be sad if i wanted to be .	0
is her voice pitched high or low ?	0
pray you now ,  nay ,  do so ,  for indeed i have lost command .	0
you are idle ,  shallow things .	0
it may be so ,  my lord .	0
what if her eyes were there ,  they in her head ?	0
i am not merry; but i cheat the thing i am by seeming otherwise.	0
we’ll revenge his death .	0
here is the money .	0
who could be out of things to say if he were with the girl he loves ?	0
why ,  sir ,  her name’s a word ,  and to dally with that word might make my sister wanton .	0
people with too much invested in the world always get hurt .	0
oh ,  forgive me !	0
listen ,  they roar .	0
come on ,  then; down ,  and swear .	0
speak briefly, can you like paris' love?	0
ha ,  banishment ?	0
and will you rent our ancient love asunder ,  to join with men in scorning your poor friend ?	0
but how?	0
let us go ,  for it is after midnight ,  and ere day we will awake him and be sure of him .	0
stand close; this is the same athenian.	0
i cannot live to hear the news from england .	0
alas, then she is drown'd?	0
do i speak you fair?	0
but that you do not love me .	0
and though she be but little ,  she is fierce .	0
heaven and yourself had part in this fair maid .	0
bid me tear the bond .	0
well, what is it?	0
what cursèd foot wanders this way tonight to cross my obsequies and true love’s rite ?	0
you have been factious one against the other . — wife ,  love lord hastings .	0
it’s dangerous to talk about it .	0
there's comfort in that.	0
by heaven ,  i love thee better than myself ,  for i come hither arm'd against myself .	0
no, not a whit.	0
pretty !	0
this is the fool who lent out money without charging interest .	0
then he’s a rogue ,  and a passy - measures pavin .	0
it’s a deal !	0
please wait until i finish.	0
plain and not honest is too harsh a style .	0
here is a ring she bid me give you ,  sir .	0
o most pernicious woman !	0
could beauty ,  my lord ,  have better commerce than with honesty ?	0
excellent ,  i' faith ,  of the chameleon’s dish .	0
as you were on land .	0
i don’t care about my sincerity ,  but i could accuse myself of such things that it were better my mother had not had me .	0
caesar ,  i never believed in omens ,  yet now they frighten me .	0
yes ,  that’s for sure .	0
it was incredible !	0
get going, i say; you shall know more later; no, get going.	0
gregory ,  on my word ,  we'll not carry coals .	0
i’ll join you ,  sir .	0
a plague on both your houses !	0
why?	0
why speaks my father so roughly ?	0
oh ,  sin can disguise itself so artfully !	0
mother, good night.	0
do you know the difference ,  my boy ,  between a bitter fool and a sweet one ?	0
therefore ,  he that cannot lick his fingers won’t come back with me .	0
my breath ,  cooling my soup ,  would make me ill ,  when i thought about the damage a mighty wind might do at sea .	0
and i’ll sing it for the duke in the intermission of a play .	0
listen ,  she loved her cousin tybalt dearly ,  and so did i .	0
i have an exposition of sleep come upon me .	0
for my part ,  i am sorry it is turned to a drinking .	0
what do you mean ,  do i think so ?	0
miranda—o my father !	0
good idea .	0
not shafalus to procrus was so true .	0
let’s be angry only long enough to do the deed ,  and then let’s act like we’re disgusted by what we had to do .	0
proof enough to misuse the prince ,  to vex claudio ,  to undo hero ,  and kill leonato .	0
casca ,  be sudden ,  for we fear prevention —brutus ,  what shall be done ?	0
my lord ,  i have news for you .	0
good madam, what's the matter with my lord?	0
o ,  never shall sun that morrow see !	0
is there more work?	0
in god’s name ,  speak .	0
go, get thee in yaughan; fetch me a stoup of liquor.	0
prithee ,  do not turn me about .	0
o most unhappy day !	0
not so, my lord.	0
you rascal !	0
you’re awfully eager to fight .	0
yes ,  let her die and rot and go to hell tonight .	0
i think that macedon is indeed where alexander was born .	0
well then, it now appears you need my help: go to then: you come to me, and you say, shylock, we would have monies; you say so; you, that did void your rheum upon my beard, and foot me, as you spurn a stranger cur over your threshold; monies is your suit.	0
shall i have some water ? — come ,  kate ,  and wash ,  and welcome heartily . — you whoreson villain !	0
let’s go to this great feast .	0
i would it might be hangers till then .	0
absolutely ,  if you can find a wife by then .	0
never ,  iago .	0
this man looks like his business is urgent .	0
i am a very villain else .	0
it’s dinnertime ,  my lord .	0
are there scales here to weigh the flesh ?	0
romeo, come forth; come forth, thou fearful man.	0
why ,  he that cuts off twenty years of life cuts off so many years of fearing death .	0
can you ask about him and be satisfied by the reports?	0
that's not a job for a friend ,  my lord .	0
o insupportable and touching loss !	0
you wrong me ,  brutus .	0
what can possibly fix this situation ?	0
do i encourage you ?	0
if thou dost love me ,  show me thy thought .	0
damn it !	0
i prophesied that, if a gallows were on land, this fellow could not drown.	0
i think the sun where he was born took all such humors out of him.	0
emperor caesar, dead and turned to clay, might stop a hole to keep the wind away.	0
all offices are open, and there is full liberty of feasting from this present hour of five till the bell have told eleven.	0
exchange forgiveness with me ,  noble hamlet .	0
marry ,  and it shall be done tomorrow morning if i live .	0
come now ,  keep thine oath; now be a freeman ,  and with this good sword ,  that ran through caesar's bowels ,  search this bosom .	0
yes, you fear it?	0
but ,  room ,  fairy !	0
your plainness and your shortness please me well .	0
i am sorry for your displeasure ,  but all will sure be well .	0
yes ,  sir .	0
if he resists, subdue him at his peril.	0
i know he will be happy at our success: we are the jasons, we have won the fleece.	0
o this learning ,  what a thing it is !	0
i have to ask you ,  as a favor ,  not to let on that you recognize me until the time is right .	0
we’ll meet you at sea .	0
now i but chide, but i should use thee worse, for thou, i fear, hast given me cause to curse.	0
i drink to the general joy o’ the whole table ,  and to our dear friend banquo ,  whom we miss .	0
why ,  with my lord ,  madam .	0
o coward conscience ,  how dost thou afflict me !	0
as long as heaven and nature lengthens it .	0
you are kind.	0
i am sorry that you will leave my father like this: our house is hell, and you, a happy devil, robbed it of some taste of boredom.	0
death is my son - in - law .	0
my lord, fair helena told me of their running away, and why they ran here to this forest; and in fury, i followed them here, fair helena, in love, following me.	0
if you’re trinculo ,  then come out .	0
i wish i had never married my daughter there !	0
here ,  peter quince .	0
i would not follow him then.	0
say “better.” here comes one of capulet’s relatives.	0
his flight was madness .	0
you rub the sore when you should bring the plaster .	0
don’t drive me crazy with curiosity ,  but tell me why your church - buried bones have burst out of their coffin ,  and why your tomb ,	0
but ,  tell me ,  where is the noble richmond now ?	0
what a fearful night this is !	0
my lord, we must entreat the time alone.	0
let’s follow them .	0
the strangeness of your story made me very sleepy .	0
this way you show me friendship.	0
i'll read the writing.	0
fill ,  lucius ,  till the wine o'erswell the cup; i cannot drink too much of brutus' love .	0
i beg your pardon .	0
what’s that noise?	0
peace ,  doting wizard ,  peace .	0
what call you the carriages?	0
i remember well where i should be ,  and here i am .	0
an old hare hoar ,  and an old hare hoar ,  is very good meat in lent; but a hare that is hoar is too much for a score when it hoars ere it be spent .	0
it was probably just a rumor .	0
good morning ,  noble sir .	0
lady beatrice ,  have you been crying this entire time ?	0
pitchers have ears .	0
ay ,  so ,  god be wi' ye !	0
how’s that ?	0
thou art so far before, that swiftest wing of recompense is slow to overtake thee.	0
why ,  so didst thou .	0
she already has a face .	0
you may think, perhaps, because she is something lower than myself, that i can match her movements.	0
after you die ,  it would be better to have a bad epitaph then than their ill report while you live now .	0
by mary, how?	0
in syracusa was i born ,  and wed unto a woman happy but for me ,  and by me ,  had not our hap been bad .	0
demand .	0
give me your hand ,  roderigo .	0
will not he ?	0
and everything will be alright ,  i promise you ,  wife .	0
but have you put the love juice from the flower on the eyes of that athenian ,  as i asked you to do ?	0
farewell .	0
and set it down with gold on lasting pillars: in one voyage did claribel her husband find at tunis ,  and ferdinand ,  her brother ,  found a wife where he himself was lost; prospero his dukedom in a poor isle; and all of ourselves ,  when no man was his own [to ferdinand and miranda] give me your hands .	0
i make fun of you !	0
this is the place .	0
sirrah ,  your father’s dead .	0
i can help you find a wife who’s rich ,  young ,  beautiful ,  and reared in a manner fit for a gentlewoman .	0
tears seven times salt ,  burn out the sense and virtue of mine eye !	0
i don’t know if it is true; but i will take it as a certainty just because of mere suspicion in that way.	0
last night ,  when that star to the west of the north star had traveled across the night sky to that point where it’s shining now ,  at one o'clock ,  marcellus and i— quiet ,  shut up !	0
most wonderful !	0
the duke and senators of venice greet you .	0
mark ,  king of scotland ,  mark: no sooner justice had ,  with valor armed ,  compelled these skipping kerns to trust their heels ,  but the norweyan lord ,  surveying vantage ,  with furbished arms and new supplies of men ,  began a fresh assault .	0
thou almost mak'st me waver in my faith ,  to hold opinion with pythagoras ,  that souls of animals infuse themselves into the trunks of men: thy currish spirit govern'd a wolf ,  who ,  hang'd for human slaughter ,  even from the gallows did his fell soul fleet ,  and ,  whilst thou lay'st in thy unhallow'd dam ,  infus'd itself in thee; for thy desires are wolvish ,  bloody ,  sterved ,  and ravenous .	0
but is this law ?	0
do you look pale ,  mistress ?	0
had you your sanity ,  and you persuaded me to revenge ,  it couldn’t move like this .	0
and so she did .	0
i’m glad to see you go .	0
your wisdom should show itself more richer to signify this to the doctor; for, me to put him to his purgation would perhaps plunge him into far more choler.	0
you’re wrong to kill me for loving you .	0
aside.	0
had i three ears, i'd hear thee.	0
believe what ?	0
proceed, moon.	0
boy !	0
come on, gentle my lord, sleek o'er your rugged looks; be bright and jovial among your guests tonight.	0
we told him about them ,  and it seemed to make him happy to hear of it .	0
send for the man and ask him .	0
and so return to you ,  and nothing else ?	0
here are enemies .	0
my mother ,  dying ,  gave it to me ,  and asked me ,  when my fate would have me marry ,  to give it to my wife .	0
i should be still plucking the grass, to know where sits the wind; peering in maps, for ports, and piers, and roads: and every object that might make me fear misfortune to my ventures, out of doubt would make me sad.	0
now you’re talking .	0
hound or spaniel ,  brach or him ,   bobtail tyke or trundle - tail—  tom will make them weep and wail .	0
this was not counterfeit .	0
because, let the whole world know, you are the next in line to our throne, and, i give you my love, with no less nobility than the love which the dearest father bears his son.	0
i heard the owl scream and the crickets cry .	0
i’m full of joy .	0
go find him ,  speak gently ,  and bring the body into the chapel .	0
you’d break a date with your beloved by a whole hour ?	0
call peter; he will show thee where they are .	0
is the storm overblown ?	0
my necessaries are embarked .	0
speak to us .	0
this bud of love ,  by summer’s ripening breath ,  may prove a beauteous flower when next we meet .	0
i come to answer your best requests; is it to fly, to swim, to dive into the fire, to ride on the curled clouds; give ariel and all his quality your strong requests.	0
isn’t it completely moral to kill him now with this sword—and an easy conscience ?	0
it is  “ never tire .  ”  oh .	0
if he’s got a message from the count ,  tell him i’m sick ,  or not home .	0
this is the matter ,  nurse ,  leave us alone a while ,  we must talk in secret .	0
oh cousin ,  cousin !	0
death ,  traitor !	0
not by the likes of you !	0
certainly ,  my conscience will serve me to run from this jew ,  my master .	0
it is some meteor that the sun spits out to be a torch-bearer for you tonight and light your way to mantua.	0
what sense did i have of her stolen hours of lust ?	0
what ,  hello !	0
i prithee, take thy fingers from my throat; for, though i am not splenitive and rash, yet have i in me something dangerous, which let thy wisdom fear.	0
your spirit walks abroad, and turns our swords into our own guts.	0
but here comes antony .	0
and yet it is danger to make him even o'er the time he has lost .	0
so are you, sweet, even in the lovely garnish of a boy.	0
this isn’t brutus ,  friend ,  but ,  i assure you ,  a prize no less worthy .	0
there is a fat friend at your master’s house that kitchened me for you today at dinner .	0
like a drowned man ,  a fool and a madman .	0
i can’t love him .	0
be patient till the last .	0
amen, amen!	0
if her eyes were in the night sky ,  they would shine so brightly through space that birds would start singing ,  thinking her light was the light of day .	0
uncomfortable time ,  why camest thou now to murder ,  murder our solemnity ?	0
you will to't ,  sir ,  really .	0
the gods confound thee !	0
hey !	0
this, decius brutus.	0
what ,  did they never whisper ?	0
so, goodbye for now.	0
look, sir, here the lady is coming toward my cell.	0
stop—if you can’t be kind ,  at least have some shame .	0
his lecture will be done ere you have tuned .	0
who’s this ?	0
gentle cousin ,  let’s go thank him and encourage him .	0
you look wearily.	0
for i will make him tell the tale anew where ,  how ,  how oft ,  how long ago ,  and when he hath ,  and is again to cope your wife .	0
o spite !	0
why ,  how now ,  stephano ?	0
write this down; and say besides ,  that in aleppo once ,  where a malignant and a turbaned turk beat a venetian and double - crossed the state ,  i took the circumcised dog by the throat and killed him like this .	0
with this there grows ,  in my most ill - composed affection ,  such a unbendable greed ,  that ,  if i were king ,  i should seize the nobles’ lands ,  desire their jewels ,  and their houses ,  and my wanting to have more would be as a sauce to make me hunger more ,  that i should start unfair quarrels against the good and loyal ,  destroying them for wealth .	0
draw the curtains—so ,  so ,  so .	0
telling you where he’s sleeping is like telling you where i’m lying .	0
out, out, brief candle!	0
and if thy poor devoted servant may but beg one favor at thy gracious hand ,  thou dost confirm his happiness forever .	0
you’ve got a sword ,  gloucester .	0
my lady would not lose him for more than i’ll say .	0
yet tell me not, for i have heard it all.	0
i need to speak a word with you .	0
virtue is beauty ,  but someone beautiful and wicked is like an empty box decorated by the devil .	0
hell and damnation !	0
antonio and old shylock ,  both stand forth .	0
what ,  like stuff from a house ?	0
i noted her not ,  but i looked on her .	0
this might be my lord so-and-so, that praised my lord such-and-such's horse when he meant to ask for it, might it not?	0
yes ,  sir ,  i have indeed .	0
so doth the greater glory dim the less .	0
sir ,  here’s the door .	0
o i wish i were a glove on that hand so that i might touch that cheek !	0
hunt them down .	0
a hit, a very palpable hit.	0
and did not i in rage depart from thence ?	0
live, roderigo, he calls me to give back all of gold and jewels that i robbed from him, as gifts to desdemona; it can’t happen.	0
ay ,  be so ,  good touchstone .	0
very grave brabantio, i come to you in simple and pure soul.	0
you know i gave it to you just now .	0
drawing your sword on a woman ?	0
to tell thee thou shalt see me at philippi .	0
hence!	0
tell him ,  if he comes here ,  i’ll explain everything to him and ,  on my word ,  he’ll leave unharmed .	0
you get your money’s worth of sleep now .	0
the gods are fair ,  and they use our little vices to punish us .	0
by your patience ,  no .	0
will you go ,  sister ? —shepherd ,  ply her hard .	0
ay, there it is.	0
which is sebastian ?	0
he wants to eat the english .	0
how now shall this be compassed?	0
the violet smells to him the same as it does to me .	0
just cry out ,   “ ah me !  ”  just say  “ love ”  and  “ dove .  ”  say just one lovely word to my good friend	0
if thou hast slain lysander in his sleep, being o'er shoes in blood, plunge in the deep, and kill me too.	0
tell me which part i’m going to play ,  then go on .	0
oh ,  you bloody prison ,  fatal and threatening to noble lords !	0
tis a worthy governor .	0
it seems not meet, nor wholesome to my place, to be produced—as, if i stay, i shall— against the moor.	0
and now ,  let’s turn to our business with the french .	0
here’s money for you .	0
or shall i say her uncle ?	0
my lord ?	0
well, i will walk myself over to count paris’ house, to prepare him for tomorrow.	0
why ,  he that spends twenty years fearing death cuts twenty years off his life .	0
it should be—but he is drowned ,  and these are devils .	0
part them.	0
when we our betters see bearing our woes ,  we scarcely think our miseries our foes .	0
all for your delight we are not here .	0
thou desperate pilot ,  now at once run on the dashing rocks thy seasick weary bark !	0
a fortunate coincidence—more fortunate for your son .	0
i do .	0
would you desire lime and hair to speak better ?	0
but not a member of the royal family ,  like me .	0
come here ,  ma'am .	0
what do you mean by this haunting of me ?	0
a very gentle beast, and of a good conscience.	0
no ,  not till thursday .	0
how did all this happen?	0
gave it a judge’s clerk !	0
how it grieved macbeth!	0
nice to see you .	0
was it so late ,  friend ,  ere you went to bed ,  that you do lie so late ?	0
nay ,  i’ll help too .	0
for juliet’s sake ,  for her sake ,  rise and stand .	0
o hateful day !	0
banquo and donalbain !	0
please ,  leave me alone .	0
he was my brother’s son !	0
o these deliberate fools !	0
it is othello's pleasure ,  our noble and valiant general ,  that on certain news now arrived ,  concerning the mere total destruction of the turkish fleet ,  every man rejoice ,  some to dance ,  some to make bonfires ,  each man to whatever sport and revels his disposition leads him ,  because ,  besides this good news ,  it is the celebration of his wedding .	0
i say it’s the moon .	0
prithee say on .	0
there’s plenty of time.	0
he does ,  and now he’s taking revenge on you—for breaking promises and for murder ,  too .	0
that’s merciful but a bit careless .	0
abhorred villain !	0
that with a series of legal writs ,  octavius ,  antony ,  and lepidus have put a hundred senators to death .	0
say that the last i spoke was  “ antony ,  ”  and word it ,  prithee ,  piteously .	0
ay, very well, my lord.	0
well ,  old man ,  i’ll tell you news of your son .	0
he doesn’t need our mistrust; since he tells us our duties and the directions for what we have to do.	0
and aren’t you a montague ?	0
fair beatrice ,  i thank you for your pains .	0
don’t you hear him?	0
no ,  by heaven .	0
methinks it should be now a huge eclipse of sun and moon, and that the affrighted globe should yawn at alteration.	0
what, with a torch?	0
is there any news about my husband ?	0
nothing more than that?	0
madam ?	0
primo ,  secundo ,  tertio is a good play ,  and the old saying is ,  the third pays for all .	0
we’ll wait upon your lordship .	0
o ,  i wish she knew that she was my love !	0
sir ,  there is especial commission come from venice to depute cassio in othello’s place .	0
now ,  afore god ,  i am so vexed that every part about me quivers .	0
madam ,  tell me quickly ,  what day is that ?	0
most noble caesar !	0
would he were here!	0
by mary, our play is—the most lamentable comedy and most cruel death of pyramus and thisbe.	0
why, wouldn’t you?	0
and if the king were on it ,  what would i do ?	0
indeed ,  the french can bet twenty french crowns to one that they’ll beat us ,  they have such an army .	0
you told me to do the same ,  my liege .	0
for you are as glorious to this night ,  that is over my head ,  as is a wingéd messenger of heaven to the white ,  upturned ,  wondering eyes of mortals that fall back to gaze on him when he crosses the slow moving clouds and sails upon the heart of the wind .	0
i bought an oil of a mountebank ,  so mortal that ,  only dip a knife in it ,  where it draws blood ,  no super - potion so rare ,  collected from all antidotes under the moon that have always worked ,  can save the thing from death and this is only with a scratch .	0
yonder ,  sir ,  he walks .	0
when ?	0
you have loved him well; he hasn’t touched you yet .	0
if he can keep it ,  he’ll be set forever .	0
the handkerchief !	0
master young man ,  you ,  please; which is the way to master jew's ?	0
to sebastian] ay, and a subtle, as he most learnedly delivered.	0
ah ,  soldier !	0
i’ll humor him when he learns how to behave .	0
you ,  will you join with me ?	0
as for the jew’s contract ,  don’t let it be a factor in your plans .	0
in parthia did i take thee prisoner, and then i swore thee, saving of thy life, that whatsoever i did bid thee do, thou shouldst attempt it.	0
yes ,  it’s true .	0
good master mustardseed ,  i know your patience well .	0
what hast thou found?	0
where is your army ,  then ,  to beat him back ?	0
because he is surely on the island .	0
if knife ,  drugs ,  serpents ,  have edge ,  sting ,  or operation ,  i am safe .	0
alas, thrice-gentle cassio!	0
you lie there .	0
they vanished strangely .	0
and my sweet master ,  i received no gold .	0
it will be short .	0
no, if you’ll speak, i’ll rant as well as you.	0
o ,  i die ,  horatio .	0
damn it ,  this isn’t funny .	0
so that you shall surely find him, lead these searchers to the sagittary inn, and i will be there with him.	0
i’m telling you ,  i hardly know myself .	0
have you got eyes ?	0
look ,  here it is .	0
away to heaven respective lenity, and fire-ey'd fury be my conduct now!	0
and they’ve got their swords unsheathed !	0
give us a light there ,  hello !	0
now ,  i swear by saint peter’s church and peter too ,  he will not make me a joyful bride there .	0
nay ,  ’tis no matter ,  sir ,  what he 'leges in latin .	0
then comes she to me and with wild looks bid me devise some mean to rid her from this second marriage ,  or in my cell there would she kill herself .	0
men should be what they seem; or those that be not, would they might seem none!	0
and art thou living ,  stephano ?	0
i do beseech you ,  sir ,  trouble yourself no further .	0
then lord have mercy on me !	0
heaven bless the isle of cyprus and our noble general othello !	0
my husband is often like this ,  and he has been since he was a child .	0
self - love ,  my liege ,  is not so vile a sin as self - neglecting .	0
monster ,  i do smell all horse - piss ,  at which my nose is in great indignation .	0
my lord ,  i am for you ,  though it cost me ten nights' watchings .	0
that great baby you see there is not yet out of his swaddling clothes.	0
he’ll be hanged yet ,  though every drop of water swear against it and gape at widest to glut him .	0
i certainly did ,  and i never wanted to see you again .	0
may it be done ?	0
a madness most discreet, a choking gall, and a preserving sweet.	0
poor bankrupt ,  break at once !	0
tell me where you’ve stowed away my money ,  or i swear i’ll break that comical head of yours for goofing when i’m not in the mood .	0
he, he, ’tis he.	0
wilt thou ,  strato ?	0
i promise you, except for your company, i would have been in bed an hour ago.	0
i must have liberty withal ,  as large a charter as the wind ,  to blow on whom i please ,  for so fools have .	0
is it a free visitation?	0
conceit upon her father .	0
i will go find him .	0
oh ,  noble weakness !	0
how dost thou ,  charles ?	0
neither to you nor any one ,  having no witness to confirm my speech .	0
shouldn’t i say  “ has a dog got money ?	0
scum !	0
if that your love is honorable, your intention marriage, send me word tomorrow, by one that i'll get to come to you, where and what time you will marry me, and i’ll lay all my fortunes at your feet, and follow you, my lord, throughout the world.	0
i know thee well—a serviceable villain ,  as duteous to the vices of thy mistress as badness would desire .	0
poor man !	0
he died like someone who had practiced how to toss away his most cherished possession as if it were a worthless a piece of garbage .	0
now die ,  die ,  die ,  die ,  die .	0
pray thee ,  sweet mistress margaret ,  deserve well at my hands by helping me to the speech of beatrice .	0
who's there, in th’ other devil's name?	0
for pity ,  my child is dead; and ,  with my child ,  my joys are buried !	0
fabian can scarce hold him yonder .	0
you’re turning into strangers; has it come to that ?	0
what the traitor has lost, noble macbeth has won.	0
i find not myself disposed to sleep .	0
that’s the way a good deed shines in a naughty world .	0
heaven will direct it.	0
your ear is good .	0
but seven years since ,  in syracusa ,  boy ,  thou know’st we parted .	0
from this point forward, i will always obey you.	0
do you ?	0
have at you with a proverb: shall i set in my staff ?	0
how did you sleep ,  my lord ?	0
i wish i were something better ,  because right now i’m a big fool .	0
let me dispute with thee of thy estate.	0
i will go before ,  sir . — mistress ,  look out at window ,  for all this .	0
master young man, you, please; which is the way to master jew's?	0
do not for ever with thy vailed lids seek for thy noble father in the dust.	0
and, i'll warrant her, full of game.	0
and when he saw my best alarumed spirits ,  bold in the quarrel’s right ,  roused to the encounter ,  or whether ghasted by the noise i made ,  full suddenly he fled .	0
cassio, i love thee; but never more be officer of mine.	0
the british troops are coming near .	0
he did receive his letters and is coming .	0
or sleep i now and think i hear all this ?	0
we shall not spend a large expense of time before we reckon with your several loves, and make us even with you.	0
call thyself  “ sister ,  ”  sweet ,  for i am thee .	0
and that you would have me to do !	0
do you want to know the effect of what i wrote ?	0
he's fat ,  and scant of breath .	0
now go ahead and tell me the rest of your story . —please go stand farther away .	0
now ,  afore god ,  i am so vexed that every part about me quivers .	0
for this pains caesar hath hanged him .	0
i wonder in my soul ,  what you would ask me ,  that i should deny ,  or stand so mammering on .	0
ha ?	0
preference goes by who you know and who likes you, and not by old system, where each second person took the first’s place.	0
when could they say, until now, those that talked about rome, that her wide walls were ruled by only one man?	0
go ahead ,  if it will not stand .	0
will you tear impatient answers from my gentle tongue ?	0
you have taken a very just exception against me; but still ,  i protest ,  i have dealt very directly concerning your affair .	0
thee and thy virtues here i seize upon ,  be it lawful i take up what’s cast away .	0
bring him through the bands .	0
come ,  night .	0
then run away .	0
so be it .	0
going to find a barefoot brother out ,  one of our order ,  to associate me here in this city visiting the sick ,  and finding him ,  the searchers of the town ,  suspecting that we both were in a house where the infectious pestilence did reign ,  seal'd up the doors ,  and would not let us forth ,  so that my speed to mantua there was stay'd .	0
and know it now: the senate have concluded to give this day a crown to mighty caesar .	0
are you there ,  trusty fellow ?	0
nay, this was but his dream.	0
a trusty villain ,  sir ,  that very oft ,  when i am dull with care and melancholy ,  lightens my humor with his merry jests .	0
what trouble i was to you then !	0
what do you say?	0
if i do so ,  it will be of more price being spoke behind your back than to your face .	0
what should we say her ,  where our fate ,  hidden in a very small carpenter’s hole ,  may rush up and seize us ?	0
that’s very sensible ,  but you missed my sense: i meant hortensio is afraid of you .	0
peace, ho, for shame!	0
who is that gentleman ?	0
the moor hath kill'd my mistress!	0
oh ,  you’re so lucky !	0
where do you dwell ?	0
i will ,  my lord .	0
but now, my lord, what say you to my request?	0
swear .	0
when it is paid according to the terms.	0
tis here!	1
i cannot tell; i make it breed as fast: but note me, signior.	1
and you all know ,  security is mortals' chiefest enemy .	1
but why stands macbeth thus amazedly?	1
this is my daughter's jointure ,  for no more can i demand .	1
what should we say ,  my lord ?	1
i shall see thee ,  ere i die ,  look pale with love .	1
but she is none .	1
some oracle must rectify our knowledge .	1
so will ye ,  i am sure ,  that you love me .	1
work on ,  my medicine ,  work !	1
will he tell us what this show meant ?	1
set me the stoups of wine upon that table .	1
we’re two lions born on the same day in the same litter ,  and i’m the older and more terrible .	1
alas, poor yorick!	1
you runaway, you coward, have you run away?	1
we shall not waste time before we make an accounting of your separate loves ,  and make us even with you .	1
call my brother.	1
get up .	1
the sooner, sweet, for you.	1
yes sir ,  thank god .	1
it does ,  holy sir; and my master is in there ,  one that you love .	1
that is the voice, or i am much deceiv'd, of portia.	1
by the eighth hour .	1
they bore him barefaced on the bier hey no nonny ,  nonny ,  hey nonny and on his grave rained many a tear .	1
villain and he be many miles asunder .	1
dost thou think i care for a satire or an epigram ?	1
so perhaps did yours .	1
hold ,  ho !	1
o most wicked fiend !	1
i’ll go put my armor on .	1
therefore ,  all lovers should speak for themselves .	1
she will not stay the siege of loving terms, nor bide th’ encounter of assailing eyes, nor ope her lap to saint-seducing gold.	1
orlando ,  do you really believe that this boy can do everything he’s promised ?	1
now i have to leave .	1
are you of good or evil ?	1
to fly the boar before the boar pursues were to incense the boar to follow us and make pursuit where he did mean no chase .	1
wife !	1
but for which of my good parts did you first suffer love for me ?	1
answer to that.	1
i have it ready for thee; here it is.	1
well, have it your way.	1
no more.	1
what a pied ninny's this !	1
and a good lady, and a wise and virtuous lady.	1
i will not fail you .	1
what are you saying ?	1
may we do so ?	1
can you bring me to the party?	1
ay ,  the heads of the maids ,  or their maidenheads .	1
the wind you’re talking about is blowing us off our course .	1
the spring ,  the head ,  the fountain of your blood is stopped; the very source of it is stopped .	1
and that i am he let me a little show it even in this: that i was constant cimber should be banished ,  and constant do remain to keep him so .	1
father ,  could i please ask you to tell these people what happened between me and this young man ?	1
lighter and lighter ,  darker and darker our sorrows !	1
and don’t be proud .	1
so all the work that oxen and farmers have done in plowing the fields has been for nothing ,  because the unripe grain has rotted before it was ripe .	1
will you come to bed ,  my lord ?	1
what a sigh that is !	1
how this sneering fault - finder rhymes so badly !	1
i defy brain - death !	1
truly, and i hold ambition of so airy and light a quality that it is but a shadow's shadow.	1
beautiful and noble hostess, we are your guests tonight.	1
at thy request ,  monster ,  i will do reason ,  any reason .	1
give me your hand .	1
your constancy hath left you unattended .	1
prithee ,  peace !	1
here at the door .	1
monster ,  i do smell all horse piss ,  at which my nose is in great indignation .	1
if your love was anything like mine—and i’m sure that no man has loved as i love now—exactly how many ridiculous actions did your fantasizing lead you to ?	1
it’s just that my wit is very gentlemanly ,  margaret ,  and refuses to hurt a woman .	1
by the world, i think my wife be honest, and think she is not; i think that thou art just, and think thou art not.	1
can you deny all this ?	1
give me the daggers.	1
some heavenly power guide us out of this fearful country!	1
this was kindness?	1
do so, and bid my sweet to prepare to scold me.	1
and shall i join forces hell ?	1
no .	1
i don’t like that .	1
none but that ugly evil of mistrust ,  which makes me fear the enjoying of my love: there may as well be friendship and life between snow and fire as evil and my love .	1
will you make me happy ?	1
if she should break it now !	1
i your commission will forthwith dispatch ,  and he to england shall along with you .	1
dost thou hear ,  my honest friend ?	1
but you know ,  sirrah ,  we customarily say that the dead are well .	1
o, you are well tuned now!	1
come, for the third, laertes.	1
tybalt ,  i have a reason to love you that lets me put aside the rage i should feel and excuse that insult .	1
me ,  a groat ?	1
only he hath not yet subscribèd this: where your majesty demands that the king of france ,  having any occasion to write for matter of grant ,  shall name your highness in this form and with this addition ,  in french:  nor this i have not ,  brother ,  so denied but your request shall make me let it pass .	1
don’t you hear him ?	1
thus it is ,  general .	1
i'll find romeo to comfort you .	1
shame itself !	1
my father capulet will have it so, and i am nothing slow to slack his haste.	1
know’st thou the way to dover ?	1
if you are so fond over her iniquity, give her patent to offend, for, if it touch not you, it comes near nobody.	1
ay, marry, is't; crowner's quest law.	1
raise up the montagues .	1
tis more ,  ’tis more .	1
nay ,  that’s certain .	1
i am very comptible ,  even to the least sinister usage .	1
but so what?	1
always note ,  lucilius ,  when love begins to sicken and decay ,  it uses a stiff ,  cold ritual .	1
my lord, as i was sewing in my chamber, lord hamlet, with his shirt all unbuttoned, no hat upon his head, his stockings dirty, not pulled up, and fallen down around his ankles, pale as his shirt, his knees knocking together, and with a look so pitiful in its meaning as if he had been freed out of hell to speak of horrors, he comes before me.	1
thy brother by decree is banished .	1
happy the parents of so fair a child .	1
i swear ,  i’m telling you what i honestly think .	1
we'll leave you, brutus, and, friends, disperse yourselves, but all remember what you have said and show yourselves true romans.	1
dear duff ,  i prithee ,  contradict thyself ,  and say it is not so .	1
i have almost slipped the hour .	1
treason !	1
i am your wife, if you will marry me; if not, i'll die your virgin.	1
but ,  like a misbehaved and sullen wench ,  thou pout’st upon thy fortune and thy love .	1
leonato ,  am i standing here ?	1
o young and noble cato, are you down?	1
what do you say ?	1
i’d hate to waste my speech on the wrong person ,  because it’s very well written and i spent a lot of time and energy memorizing it .	1
this play is the image of a murder done in vienna .	1
a good epithet !	1
sir ,  here laertes is newly come to court ,  believe me ,  an absolute gentleman ,  full of most excellent traits ,  of very soft manners and looking great .	1
we may effect this business yet ere day .	1
wert thou as young as i ,  juliet thy love ,  an hour but married ,  tybalt murdered ,  doting like me ,  and like me banished ,  then mightst thou speak ,  then mightst thou tear thy hair ,  and fall upon the ground ,  as i do now ,  taking the measure of an unmade grave .	1
what should we say, my lord?	1
i never looked for better at his hands after he once fell in with mistress shore .	1
look what i have .	1
came they not by you ?	1
to choose love by another's eyes .	1
it may be that his antagonist is a gentleman of very high degree ,  quite outside of his own sphere .	1
tooth that poisons if it bite ,  mastiff ,  greyhound ,  mongrel grim ,	1
some twenty of them fought in this black fight ,  and all those twenty could only take one life .	1
what ,  wilt thou hear some music ,  my sweet love ?	1
here comes your father .	1
the cat with the streaked fur has meowed three times .	1
to alonso] therefore, my lord,— [to alonso] therefore, my lord,— [to sebastian] fie, what a spendthrift is he of his [to sebastian] fie, what a spendthrift is he of his tongue!	1
know of your youth .	1
an thou let part so ,  sir andrew ,  would thou mightst never draw sword again .	1
did we ,  my lord ?	1
fled this way ,  sir ,  when by no means he could— pursue him ,  ho !	1
o sir ,  such a life with such a wife were strange !	1
merciful powers, restrain in me the cursed thoughts that nature gives way to in repose!	1
we are such stuff as dreams are made on ,  and our little life is rounded with a sleep .	1
tomorrow with your earliest let me have speech with you . — come ,  my dear love ,  the purchase made ,  the fruits are to ensue: that profit’s yet to come ’tween me and you .	1
why, i pray you?	1
drunk !	1
do whatever you like with it .	1
i call thee by the most modest terms ,  for i am one of those gentle ones that will use the devil himself with courtesy .	1
peace, ho!	1
what is a man, if his chief good and market of his time be but to sleep and feed?	1
nothing but death shall stay me .	1
stand directly in antony’s way, when he runs his course.—antony,— caesar, my lord?	1
you have said so .	1
up here you can’t even hear the waves crashing against the rocks .	1
he cannot like her long .	1
no .	1
how will this fadge ?	1
had he done so ?	1
if i told you that ,  what would i get out of it ?	1
farewell .	1
i wrote a verse to this tune ,  though it’s not very imaginative .	1
that’s what i hear .	1
good my lord, vouchsafe me a word with you.	1
good .	1
thou’st spoken right .	1
while i see living creatures, the gashes look better on them.	1
good afternoon ,  good gentleman .	1
most meet that first we come to words ,  and therefore have we our written purposes before us sent ,  which ,  if thou hast considered ,  let us know if ’twill tie up thy discontented sword and carry back to sicily much tall youth that else must perish here .	1
his absence ,  sir ,  lays blame upon his promise .	1
his coward lips did from their color fly ,  and that same eye whose bend doth awe the world did lose his luster .	1
he poisons him i' the garden for his estate .	1
i’ll warrant she’ll tax him home .	1
but you’re a famous pirate !	1
i have of late—but wherefore i know not— lost all my mirth ,  forgone all custom of exercises; and indeed ,  it goes so heavily with my disposition that this goodly frame ,  the earth ,  seems to me a sterile promontory; this most excellent canopy ,  the air ,  look you ,  this brave o'erhanging firmament ,  this majestical roof fretted with golden fire ,  why ,  it appears no other thing to me than a foul and pestilent congregation of vapours .	1
but come at once ,  because the night is running away ,  and we are waited for at bassanio's feast .	1
and wait, good nurse, behind the abbey wall.	1
servant, go hire me twenty great cooks.	1
i’ve never seen him like this .	1
why ,  man ?	1
presently away ,  for to strange sores strangely they strain the cure . — come ,  lady ,  die to live .	1
either you or i, or both of us, must go with him.	1
nay ,  you must call me rosalind . —come ,  sister ,  will you go ?	1
i call'd my love false love; but what said he then?	1
what is it?	1
again ,  again !	1
we’re to be married on sunday .	1
help, ho!	1
one way i like this well .	1
i’ll leave you ,  lady .	1
caesar ,  i shall .	1
o ,  so light a foot will never wear out the everlasting sharpening stone .	1
sir ,  will you ,  with those infirmities she owes— unfriended ,  new adopted to our hate ,  dowered with our curse and strangered with our oath— take her or leave her ?	1
meet me down at the harbor . —come here .	1
where are they?	1
what!	1
we did keep time ,  sir ,  in our catches .	1
donalbain .	1
so please your grace ,  the prologue is address'd .	1
no more!	1
uncle, this is a montague, our foe; a villain, that has come here in spite, to scorn at our feast this night.	1
when i do name him ,  let it be thy part to praise him more than ever man did merit .	1
only be sorry that you shall lose your friend, and he is not sorry that he pays your debt; because if the jew only cuts deep enough, i'll pay it instantly with all my heart.	1
o desdemona!	1
swear .	1
the worst welcome.	1
sings.	1
she that makes dainty and shy ,  she ,  i'll swear has corns !	1
nymph, in thy orisons be all my sins remembered.	1
i don’t speak well, and i am little blessed with the soft phrase of peace because, since these arms of mine were seven years' old, until now some nine months past, they have used their dearest actions on the battlefield; and i can speak little of this great world, only what relates to feats of war and battle; and therefore i shall grace my cause little by speaking for myself.	1
will you hoist sail ,  sir ?	1
let him that loves me strike me dead .	1
run to your houses ,  fall on your knees ,  pray to the gods to stop the plague that must be the punishment for this ingratitude .	1
say ,  what abridgment have you for this evening ?	1
arise ,  arise ,  awake the snorting citizens with the bell or else the devil will make a grandsire of you .	1
she ate no meat today ,  nor none shall eat .	1
wrong i mine enemies ?	1
you are a rude ,  ragged nurse and an old ,  sullen playmate for such tender princes .	1
to a convent ,  go ,  and quickly too .	1
i can as well be hanged as tell the manner of it .	1
why ,  whose is it ?	1
but will i wear these honors for only a day or will i enjoy them for a long time ?	1
neither rhyme nor reason can express how much .	1
she's a very exquisite lady.	1
nay ,  how will you do for a husband ?	1
farewell to the plumed forces and the big wars that make ambition a virtue!	1
if you’ve offended him ,  i’ll fight you .	1
i cannot tell what you and other men think of this life, but, for my single self, i had as lief not be as live to be in awe of such a thing as i myself.	1
if you can look into the seeds of time, and say which grain will grow and which will not, speak then to me, who neither beg nor fear your favors nor your hate.	1
this will prove a brave kingdom to me ,  where i shall have my music for nothing .	1
our friends are all waiting for you .	1
do you consent we shall acquaint him with it ,  as needful in our loves ,  fitting our duty ?	1
stand fast together ,  lest some friend of caesar's should chance— talk not of standing .	1
young man ,  have you challenged charles the wrestler ?	1
i knew a wench married in an afternoon as she went to the garden for parsley to stuff a rabbit ,  and so may you ,  sir .	1
he's fat, and out of breath.	1
i will go tell him of fair hermia's flight; then to the wood will he tomorrow night pursue her; and for this intelligence if i have thanks, it is a dear expense.	1
truly ,  she makes a very good report o’ th’ worm .	1
and so his knell is knoll'd .	1
marry, i would not do such a thing for a jointring, nor for measures of lawn, nor for gowns, petticoats, nor caps, nor any petty exhibition; but, for the whole world why, who would not make her husband a cuckold to make him a monarch?	1
help!	1
well ,  sir .	1
pindarus, ask our commanders to lead their men a little away from this place.	1
these be good humors .	1
fear me not . — she and the duke her husband !	1
my lord ,  i will use them according to their class .	1
why ?	1
get out ,  insolent eunuch !	1
thou stickest a dagger in me .	1
there are the players.	1
it cannot be but thou hast murder'd him; so should a murderer look, so dead, so grim.	1
assure you, my good liege, i hold my duty as i hold my soul, both to my god and to my gracious king.	1
why do you storm so ?	1
and everyone can say  “ welcome ,  ”  which is just a word .	1
rebellion's head will never rise until the wood of birnam rise ,  and our high - placed macbeth shall live until his dying day ,  the death of his own time and mortal custom .	1
how long hath this possession held the man ?	1
the patch is kind enough ,  but a huge feeder ,  snail - slow in profit ,  and he sleeps by day more than the wildcat .	1
just give me one more kiss ,  and i'll climb down .	1
i wish your horses swift and sure of foot, and so i do commend you to their backs.	1
thy husband in thy bosom there lies dead ,  and paris too .	1
indeed he hath play'd on this prologue like a child on a recorder,—a sound, but not in government.	1
goodbye ,  good strato .	1
i do remember well where i should be, and there i am.	1
madam ,  how like you this play ?	1
try what repentance can .	1
so ,  where’s my wife ?	1
where’s my fool ,  ho ?	1
i’ll tell thee what ,  prince: a college of wit - crackers cannot flout me out of my humor .	1
oh ,  it’s as easy as lying .	1
the gallows - maker; for that frame outlives a thousand tenants .	1
but i never spoke the whole time ?	1
i’m your love ,  no matter what you think .	1
you have nothing to be afraid of, my lord; i’ll do it.	1
give me my robe ,  because i’ll go .	1
o ,  i am fool for the goddess of luck !	1
if you’re not immortal ,  look around you .	1
no ,  not too upset .	1
here ,  where i point my sword ,  the sun rises ,  which is going a great way to the south ,  bringing in spring .	1
yea ,  my good lord .	1
be happy that you’re alive .	1
have you slain him ,  then ?	1
by heaven, you do me wrong.	1
what miserable praise hast thou for her that's foul and foolish ?	1
a friendly eye could never see such faults .	1
did he ask macduff?	1
what do you say?	1
no .	1
double ,  double toil and trouble ,  fire burn and cauldron bubble .	1
my lord ,  we must be alone now .	1
she is stirring ,  sir .	1
fain would i dwell on form, fain, fain deny what i have spoke; but farewell complement!	1
oh ,  beautiful and accomplished lady ,  may the heavens rain odors upon you !	1
fast asleep ?	1
therefore turn and draw .	1
the thief gone with so much ,  and so much to find the thief; and no satisfaction ,  no revenge: nor no ill luck stirring but what lights o' my shoulders; no sighs but o' my breathing: no tears but o' my shedding .	1
all this conversing has turned men into tongues—and fancy ones ,  at that .	1
but what’s he like ?	1
why ,  how now ,  adam ?	1
let us rather stop the mortal sword quickly ,  and ,  like good men ,  climb over our down - fallen country .	1
not when i saw't .	1
i have had a most rare vision.	1
three or four women near me cried ,   “ alas ,  good soul !  ”  and forgave him with all their hearts .	1
what do you want ?	1
you only have say to me what i should do that you think i can do, and i am committed to it; so, ask me.	1
cool it with a baboon's blood ,  then the charm is firm and good .	1
let him do his worse.	1
now, hamlet, hear.	1
madam ,  please let me see your face .	1
thanks ,  my dear lord .	1
this supernatural meeting can’t be bad ,  only it can’t be good either .	1
things that are bad make strong themselves by ill.	1
i’m completely lost .	1
now go !	1
no ,  sir .	1
if not ,  he’s got truth on his side !	1
who’s there ,  in the other devil’s name ?	1
and she as much in love ,  her means much less to meet her new beloved anywhere .	1
who are you ?	1
only yesterday the word of caesar might have stood against the world .	1
nurse, will you go with me to my closet, and help me pick out the things you think i will need for tomorrow?	1
let me lick thy shoe .	1
yes, yes, three thousand dollars.	1
in my imagination ,  horatio .	1
he did comply ,  sir ,  with his dug before he sucked it .	1
let him alone; i won’t follow him any more with useless prayers.	1
cousin ,  there's an angry break up that’s fallen between him and my lord ,  but you shall make all well .	1
give me your hand first .	1
here’s another jacket to say thanks .	1
these good fellows will bring thee where i am .	1
it is indifferent cold ,  my lord ,  indeed .	1
stand fast ,  titinius .	1
i know that some danger approaches you nearby.	1
will you still provoke me ?	1
that's very true, my lord.	1
most worthy gentleman ,  my friend and i have been acquitted today of grievous penalties by your wisdom; instead of three thousand dollars ,  due to the jew ,  we will freely pay for your courteous pains .	1
let me go ,  or i’ll knock you on the head .	1
if you prove a mutineer ,  the next tree .	1
as birds do ,  mother .	1
for all, our thanks.	1
how ?	1
i see the downfall of my family .	1
shake it off .	1
i’ll tell the queen the reason for our quick departure and get her permission to leave .	1
a better instance ,  i say .	1
brutus, and caesar: what should be in that caesar?	1
if you refuse ,  let an eternal curse fall on you .	1
peace, peace!	1
give me your present to give to master bassanio .	1
here, villain, drawn and ready.	1
my lord ,  he’s going to his mother’s closet .	1
if i myself ,  there is no hour so fit as caesar’s death’s hour ,  nor no instrument of half that worth as those your swords ,  made rich with the most noble blood of all this world .	1
nay ,  then thou lov’st it not and all my pains is sorted to no proof .	1
when it comes to defense ,  it’s best to assume that the enemy is more powerful than he seems .	1
chop off his head .	1
the body is with the king, but the king is not with the body.	1
god’s blood !  ,  there is something more than natural in this ,  if philosophy could figure it out .	1
with all my heart .	1
were the world mine ,  demetrius being bated ,  the rest i'd give to be to you translated .	1
dost thou affect her ,  claudio ?	1
for a taste: if a hart do lack a hind ,  let him seek out rosalind .	1
if you still love her after that ,  then marry her tomorrow .	1
i learned to do this from you .	1
up and down ,  up and down ,  i will lead them up and down .	1
that she was false to wedlock ?	1
ha, ha!	1
take time to think about it; and ,  by the next new moon , — the wedding day of my love and me ,  for the everlasting bond of fellowship , — on that day either prepare to die because you have disobeyed your father's will; or else marry demetrius ,  as your father wants you to; or accept the austerity and single life of a nun .	1
if you tickle us, don’t we laugh?	1
shall i not have barely my principal ?	1
is the storm overblown ?	1
if partially connected or together in office, you deliver more or less than truth, you are no soldier.	1
he does hear me ,  and that he does i weep .	1
an i may hide my face ,  let me play thisbe too !	1
i met the youthful lord at lawrence' cell; and gave him what proper love i might, not overstepping the bounds of modesty.	1
i did not think he had been acquainted with her.	1
well then ,  you have good reason to be sad .	1
if a christian did not play the knave and get thee, i am much deceived.	1
come ,  father ,  i’ll bestow you with a friend .	1
but ’tis strange .	1
and she breathed such life with her kisses on my lips ,  that i was brought back to life ,  and i was an emperor .	1
if it assume my noble father’s person ,  i’ll speak to it ,  though hell itself should gape and bid me hold my peace .	1
did you and he consent in cassio's death?	1
let me see one .	1
this is trebonius .	1
madam ,  good night .	1
both one and other he denies me now .	1
but ,  my lord ,  his majesty asked me to tell you that he has placed a great wager on your head .	1
she is our principal demand—one of the first points of the treaty .	1
o juliet ,  i already know thy grief .	1
this is the door .	1
such as she says my lord did say i was.	1
ah ,  poor my lord ,  what tongue shall clear your name ,  when i ,  your wife for three hours ,  have mangled it ?	1
you know no centaur ?	1
i kiss the wall's hole ,  not your lips at all .	1
what committed ?	1
god in heaven bless her !	1
i do bite my thumb ,  sir .	1
well ,  it certainly wasn’t true for richard !	1
so do i, my lord; they are entirely welcome.	1
help ,  angels .	1
gentlemen, can any of you tell me where i may find the young romeo?	1
it’s a good thing you’re not a fish.	1
the king falls from bias of nature—there’s father against child .	1
trebonius knows his time ,  for ,  look you ,  brutus ,  he draws mark antony out of the way .	1
but there are two more hard things ,  that is ,  to bring the moonlight into a chamber ,  because ,  as you know ,  pyramus and thisbe meet by moonlight .	1
yes .	1
if he please to give me conquered egypt for my son ,  he gives me so much of mine own as i will kneel to him with thanks .	1
come ,  shall we go and kill us venison ?	1
it must be your imagination then, and not theirs.	1
read the will; we'll hear it ,  antony .	1
thou coward, art thou bragging to the stars, telling the bushes that thou look'st for wars, and wilt not come?	1
so awake when i am gone; for i must go now to oberon.	1
your eyes are like stars ,  and your voice is more musical than a lark’s song is to a shepherd in the springtime .	1
well sir ,  good night .	1
let’s away and get our jewels and our wealth together ,  devise the fittest time and safest way to hide us from pursuit that will be made after my flight .	1
i thank you ,  madam .	1
the only possibility is that you’ve murdered him .	1
i do ,  mark antony .	1
ay ,  i praise god ,  and i have merited some love at his hands .	1
please go inside .	1
why ,  friends ,  you go to do you know not what .	1
let’s give them room .	1
he's gone, but his wife's kill'd.	1
on thursday ,  sir ?	1
so fare you well .	1
why?	1
i hear him nearby.	1
you ,  roderigo !	1
but what’s your jest ?	1
give me your hand .	1
o lamentable day!	1
she's the worse for all this .	1
i’ll pull on these smaller legs .	1
all that glisters is not gold— often have you heard that told .	1
tomorrow, if you please to speak with me, i will come home to you, or, if you will, come home to me and i will wait for you.	1
a hare ,  a hare ,  a hare !	1
this quarry cries on havoc .	1
thy love ne'er alter till thy sweet life end !	1
why ,  man ,  i saw bassanio sailing away; gratiano has gone along with him; and i am sure lorenzo is not on their ship .	1
yes, if i’m alive, and your mind hold, and your dinner worth the eating.	1
nothing ,  sir ,  except grandchildren .	1
one of them contains my picture ,  prince; if you choose that ,  then i am yours as well .	1
what are you doing ?	1
hold ,  for shame !	1
dies] [dies] moonshine and lion are left to bury the dead .	1
i shall not sleep in quiet at the tower .	1
to work for you ,  sir .	1
i humbly thank you for't.	1
into the air; and what seemed solid melted like breath into the wind.	1
will you take me ,  my lady ?	1
and thus she moans, that is to say.— asleep, my love?	1
never hamlet .	1
god 'i' good e'en .	1
a really good exploit, a manly enterprise, to bring up tears in a poor maid's eyes with your insults!	1
shall i say to you ,   “ let them be free !	1
where joy most revels ,  grief doth most lament; grief joys ,  joy grieves ,  on slender accident .	1
this is old ninny’s tomb .	1
did he confess it ?	1
i must to the learned .	1
my father instructed you in his will to give me a good education .	1
his soldiers were destroyed while we are all surrounded by antony.	1
these times of sorrow don’t really give me a chance to pursue love.	1
they are here at court now ,  and i believe they’ve been told to give a performance for him tonight .	1
what ,  with a torch ?	1
i’m going to forget my duties to you a little bit and complain about the injuries you’ve caused me .	1
o god, i could be bounded in a nutshell and count myself a king of infinite space, were it not that i have bad dreams.	1
some man or other must look like a wall ,  and let him have some plaster ,  or some loam ,  or some rough - cast cement around him to signify the wall ,  and let him hold his fingers open like this ,  and through that cranny ,  pyramus and thisbe will whisper .	1
if this is known, cassius or caesar shall never turn back, because i’ll kill myself.	1
the problem is in what the letter says ,  as far as i can tell .	1
but my revenge will come.	1
i’d rather get a husband from your father .	1
a common slave—you know him well by sight— held up his left hand ,  which did flame and burn like twenty torches join'd ,  and yet his hand ,  not sensible of fire ,  remain'd unscorch'd .	1
o woeful day!	1
i have observed that the air is delicate in areas where they frequently breed and visit .	1
come, you spirits that tend on mortal thoughts, unsex me here and fill me, from the crown to the toe, top-full of direst cruelty!	1
they have letters for him .	1
i never saw such a shameful act .	1
the glove which i have given him to wear may possibly win him a box on the ear .	1
i will walk up and down here and i will sing ,  that they shall hear i am not afraid .	1
all of which ,  sir ,  although i believe it most powerfully and potently ,  yet i think it was dishonest to have written it like this ,  because you yourself ,  sir ,  should be old as i am ,  if ,  like a crab ,  you could go backward .	1
scurvy knave !	1
filth, you lie!	1
no ,  not a whit .	1
to bed, to bed, to bed.	1
almost at odds with morning ,  which is which .	1
hamlet, thou art slain; no medicine in the world can do thee good.	1
no, that's not your way.	1
oh ,  kate ,  prudish customs bow before great kings .	1
my necessaries are embark'd .	1
what further woe conspires against mine age ?	1
i have drawn my sword .	1
cheer yourself .	1
i’ll leave thee now like a man of steel .	1
yes ,  sir .	1
good gentlemen ,  let me have leave to speak .	1
what a jaunt have i had!	1
very well ,  my lord .	1
he prays you to save his life .	1
o ,  by this count i’ll be very old before i see my romeo again !	1
o my heart !	1
what trade ,  thou knave ?	1
my lord, his majesty commended him to you by young osric, who brings back to him that you attend him in the hall.	1
prison ,  my lord ?	1
this is signior antonio.	1
or as ’twere perfumed by a fen .	1
why did you send so many ?	1
both fencers are bleeding—how do you feel ,  my lord ?	1
so that my speed to mantua there was stayed .	1
it is offended .	1
why do they run away?	1
and will she yet abase her eyes on me ,  that cropped the golden prime of this sweet prince and made her widow to a woeful bed ?	1
what’s the matter ?	1
should we just get down to it ?	1
what’s done is done.	1
he's a soldier; and for one to say a soldier lies ,  is stab -  bing .	1
yet i'll not shed her blood ,  nor scar that whiter skin of hers than snow and smooth as monumental alabaster .	1
she stood trembling ,  then suddenly dropped dead .	1
bassanio, lord love, if thy will it be.	1
let go of him ,  peasant ,  or you die !	1
ah ,  dear juliet ,  why are you still so beautiful ?	1
if you can nod ,  speak too .	1
sir ,  you and i must part ,  but that’s not it .	1
they bleed on both sides . —how is it ,  my lord ?	1
and i swear by my wickedness (if i had any) that i am a knave .	1
but what a fool am i to chat with you ,  when i should bid good morrow to my bride and seal the title with a lovely kiss !	1
prithee ,  see there !	1
i take it much unkindly that thou ,  iago ,  who hast had my purse as if the strings were thine ,  shouldst know of this .	1
why is this reasoned ?	1
if a man’s brain were in his feet ,  wouldn’t it be susceptible to frostbite ?	1
was the crown offered to him three times?	1
i mean ,  sir ,  for his weapon ,  but in the imputation laid on him by them ,  in his skill ,  he has no equal .	1
some are born great ,  some achieve greatness ,  and some have greatness thrust upon them .	1
it was divided between her heart and lips .	1
and you all know ,  security is the major enemy of humans .	1
get you gone, you dwarf; you minimus, of hind'ring knot-grass made; you bead, you acorn.	1
in this way, a conscience can make cowards of us all, and in this way the natural color of making up your mind is covered with the pale shadow of thinking, and projects of great substance and significance, and in this regard, their movement turns erratic, and lose the name of action.	1
i hope, in no place so unsanctified or shamed as where such as you may find him.	1
o most lame and impotent conclusion !	1
how unlucky am i ,  having to apologize for doing the right thing !	1
peace !	1
you knew ,  none so well ,  none so well as you ,  of my daughter's flight .	1
and with the juice of this i’ll streak her eyes and make her full of hateful fantasies .	1
ha !	1
are you educated ?	1
first ,  there is the neapolitan prince .	1
but i must go there ,  against my will: servants must fulfill their masters' wishes .	1
she is thine own . — what ,  ariel !	1
they would like me to be as familiar with men’s pockets as their gloves and handkerchiefs ,  which goes against my manhood ,  because to take something from another’s pocket and put it into my own is plain stealing .	1
escape and make peace with caesar .	1
you’re taking a shorter route .	1
aside.	1
death is the fairest cover for her shame that may be wished for .	1
you are too over - zealous on her behalf that rejects your services .	1
come you from old bellario ?	1
how came you to this ?	1
i am ready .	1
well ,  call them back again .	1
one; two; why, then it is time to do it.	1
was this fair paper ,  this most goodly book ,  made to write  “ whore ”  upon ?	1
where is antony ?	1
that’s a good way of putting it .	1
pray you ,  let's have no more fooling about it ,  but give me your blessing; i am launcelot ,  your boy that was ,  your son that is ,  your child that shall be .	1
for shame ,  bring juliet out here .	1
yet brutus says he was ambitious ,  and brutus is an honorable man .	1
faith ,  there has been much to do on both sides; and the nation holds it no sin to tarre them to controver -  sy .	1
it doth not fit me .	1
what, my lord?	1
therefore have done .	1
now ,  herald ,  have the dead been counted ?	1
so he does indeed.	1
nay, indeed, if you had your eyes you might fail of the knowing me: it is a wise father that knows his own child.	1
listen ,  more knocking .	1
i beg your grace to pardon me .	1
go get some water ,  and wash this filthy witness from your hand .	1
i am dumb .	1
because it is very easy to involve the listening desdemona in any honest pursuit .	1
never believe it .	1
madam, i am not well.	1
he embraces gonzalo] [he embraces gonzalo] whither this be or be not, i'll not swear.	1
hold ,  then .	1
take thee that too .	1
farewell ,  thou lob of spirits; i'll be gone .	1
and the greatest sorrow is mine too .	1
god be with you; take my job .	1
come with us to athens .	1
here it is ,  i think .	1
say’st me so ,  friend ?	1
aside.	1
be friendly ,  but by no means vulgar .	1
be thy mouth or black or white ,   do - de ,  de - de .	1
the other half comes to the general state ,  which humbleness may drive unto a fine .	1
please ,  good mercutio ,  let's go home .	1
what news ,  my love ?	1
there is one that can rule naples as well as the man who is sleeping ,  lords that can talk as much and unnecessarily as this gonzalo: i myself could make asses of these lords  .	1
i hear some noise .	1
look to the lady .	1
romeo has been banished .  ”  that news brings infinite death .	1
i have forgot that name, and that name's woe.	1
he talks nothing but nonsense .	1
tomorrow we'll hear ourselves again .	1
this my mean task would be as heavy to me as odious ,  but the mistress which i serve quickens what’s dead and makes my labors pleasures .	1
make it a word and a blow .	1
yes .	1
i did ,  my lord .	1
what love could press lysander from my side?	1
a substitute shines as brightly as a king until a king is back, and then the substitute’s condition drains away, as an inland brook does into the river of waters.	1
just watch !	1
now must the world point at poor katherine and say ,   “ lo ,  there is mad petruchio’s wife ,  if it would please him come and marry her !  ”    upon my life ,  petruchio means but well ,  whatever fortune stays him from his word: though he be blunt ,  i know him passing wise; though he be merry ,  yet withal he’s honest .	1
thus i do escape the sorrow of antony’s death .	1
good morning, brutus; are we troubling you?	1
remember it, my lord!	1
the carriages ,  sir ,  are the hangers—where the swords hang .	1
o cassio ,  where did you get this ?	1
when they do choose, they have the wisdom by their wit to lose.	1
and i will sing it in the latter end of a play before the duke .	1
oh ,  ho !	1
lord, lord!	1
what ,  of venice ?	1
come ,  the recorders !	1
if he come not ,  then the play is marred .	1
if thou dost, i shall never love thee after.	1
where the devil should this romeo be ?	1
my lord ,  for aught i know .	1
if she be fair and wise ,  fairness and wit ,  the one's for use ,  the other useth it .	1
i have begun to plant thee ,  and will labor to make thee full of growing .	1
then tell her my loving story in simple terms .	1
it is not nor it cannot come to good ,  but break ,  my heart ,  for i must hold my tongue .	1
is not that neighborly ?	1
think like that ,  and you’ll manage to get honey out of a common weed and find a moral lesson in the devil himself .	1
o ,  find him !	1
coward, why don’t you come?	1
what if i had said i had seen him do you wrong ?	1
should we go find benedick and tell him about beatrice’s love ?	1
it likes us well; and at our more consider'd time we'll read ,  answer ,  and think upon this business .	1
we shall know by this fellow.	1
i won’t answer that .	1
that’s very soon.	1
i have watched two nights with you ,  but i can perceive no truth in your report .	1
hold, daughter.	1
what is this that rises like the issue of a king ,  and wears upon his baby - brow the round and top of sovereignty ?	1
can he vent trinculos ?	1
carved it up and down like an apple tart ?	1
this business is well ended .	1
how, in stripping it bare, you invest more in it!	1
we have slashed the snake but not killed it .	1
be patient ,  for the prize i’ll bring thee to shall hoodwink this mischance .	1
i pray thee ,  mark me .	1
happy is hermia, wheresoe'er she lies, for she hath blessed and attractive eyes.	1
thou shalt have nothing but the forfeiture, to be so taken at thy peril, jew.	1
tis not needed yet .	1
how are you ,  my ladies ?	1
lower ,  lower !	1
then meet me forthwith at the notary’s .	1
i know where she is and ,  if you don’t mind ,  i will set her before you tomorrow ,  whole and unharmed .	1
am i a coward?	1
then you live about her waist ,  or in the middle of her favors ?	1
but macbeth is .	1
in the meantime, we thank you for a job well done.	1
you lie ,  abhorred tyrant; with my sword i'll prove the lie you speak .	1
is the day so young ?	1
i could drink hot blood and do such terrible deeds that people would tremble even in the daylight .	1
the morning comes upon ’s .	1
but audrey ,  there’s a boy in the forest who claims you’re his girl .	1
come, he hath hid himself among these trees to be consorted with the humorous night.	1
young child of treachery !	1
oh ,  what a horrible day !	1
i hate ingratitude more in a man than lying ,  vainness ,  babbling ,  drunkenness ,  or any taint of vice whose strong corruption inhabits our frail blood—    o heavens themselves !	1
why ,  love ,  i say .	1
but now i see our weapons are like straws ,  our strength like a straw’s weakness ,  and our weakness past comparison ,  so that we seem to be the thing we most are not .	1
the heart is sorely perplexed.	1
an it had not fallen flat - long .	1
i sell you poison; you haven’t sold me any .	1
i probably am too young for you .	1
how does my bounteous sister ?	1
a strange fish !	1
o god ,  horatio ,  what a wounded name ,  things standing thus unknown ,  shall live behind me !	1
now ,  by apollo— now ,  by apollo ,  king ,  thou swear’st thy gods in vain .	1
wait for me there .	1
but as virtue can never be moved ,  it was courted though lewdness in a shape of heaven ,  and lust ,  though linked to a radiant angel ,  will satisfy itself in a heavenly bed and eat garbage .	1
wait, countrymen.	1
i cannot speak of this .	1
let that be the latest ,  and be on time .	1
beg that thou mayst have leave to hang thyself: and yet, thy wealth being forfeit to the state, thou hast not left the value of a cord; therefore thou must be hang'd at the state's charge.	1
i had rather be a toad and live upon the vapor of a dungeon than keep a corner in the thing i love for others' uses .	1
you knew, none so well, none so well as you, of my daughter's flight.	1
so every bondman in his own hand bears the power to cancel his captivity .	1
which ,  among the many women ,  my daughter ,  being one ,  may stand out ,  though in my eyes ,  none can match her .	1
well, may you see things well done there, adieu, lest our old robes sit easier than our new!	1
for your desire to know what is between us o'ermaster't as you may .	1
dost thou not bring me letters from the friar ?	1
it is no mean happiness ,  therefore ,  to be seated in the mean; superfluity comes sooner by white hairs ,  but competency lives longer .	1
goodbye .	1
oh ,  the heavens !	1
nor ever heard ,  nor ever did suspect .	1
i did—and now i’ve got it !	1
consider then, we come but in despite.	1
then you told a lie ,  a sick ,  wicked lie .	1
here, where i point my sword, the sun rises, which is going a great way to the south, bringing in spring.	1
as a friend .	1
the sweetest honey is loathsome in its own deliciousness, and in the taste destroys the appetite.	1
up with my tent ! —here will i lie tonight .	1
and that were enough to hang us all .	1
aside to prospero] sir ,  all this service [aside to prospero] sir ,  all this service have i done since i went .	1
where is our entertainment director ?	1
what’s going on here ,  you secret ,  evil ,  midnight hags ?	1
go get it, let me see it.	1
here i am .	1
no .	1
thank you .	1
ay my lord, so you will not o'errule me to a peace.	1
give me some ink and paper .	1
come to think of it ,  i am feeling sleepy .	1
did you say all ?	1
so what do you say to my suit ?	1
and our drunkenness does detract from our achievements ,  as great as they are ,  and lessens our reputations .	1
you call this house dark ?	1
what i can do i will ,  and more i will than for myself i dare .	1
never trust me ,  then .	1
wherefore was i to this keen mockery born ?	1
i did ,  malvolio ?	1
he attends here in the forest on the duke your father .	1
if he had been forgotten, it had been as a gap in our great feast and all-thing unbecoming.	1
i, not rememb'ring how i cried out then, will cry it o'er again: it is a hint that wrings mine eyes to't.	1
who cannot want the thought ,  how monstrous it was for malcolm and for donalbain to kill their gracious father ?	1
i wasn’t invited because they like me .	1
some say the lark makes sweet division; this doth not so ,  for she divideth us .	1
what’s the  “ seventh cause ”  ?	1
antonio ,  you’re under arrest on the orders of count orsino .	1
i work for titania ,  the fairy queen ,  and organize fairy dances for her in the grass .	1
i’ll bring you to him .	1
but in your daughter’s womb i will bury them .	1
what an eye she has!	1
early tomorrow will we rise and hence .	1
battered armor ,  be off .	1
what have you done ,  my lord ,  with the dead body ?	1
madam!	1
if there be more ,  more woeful ,  hold it in .	1
gratiano talks more nonsense than any other man in venice .	1
caesar ,  thou canst not die by traitors' hands unless thou bring’st them with thee .	1
he laughed at that and let me go .	1
good peter, to hide her face; for her fan's the fairer face of the two.	1
it is here ,  hamlet .	1
stand up ,  and say how you came here .	1
i loved ophelia .	1
amen .	1
what's the matter, that you unlace your reputation thus, and spend your rich opinion for the name of a nightbrawler?	1
directly, i am going to caesar's funeral.	1
i am bound to thee forever .	1
he’s getting crazy with expectation !	1
but come at once; for the close night doth play the run-away, and we are stay'd for at bassanio's feast.	1
i am afraid he will chastise me .	1
if there is anyone in this assembly ,  any dear friend of caesar's ,  to him i say that brutus' love to caesar was no less than his love .	1
aside] they vanished strangely .	1
you'll not endure him ?	1
god bless you ,  sir !	1
is that his answer ?	1
uncle !	1
you advise me well .	1
be not her maid ,  since she is envious .	1
please ,  stop bowing ,  good sir .	1
let's tell him goodbye .	1
does a madman scare me when he stares at me ?	1
this is a small house .	1
who is her mother?	1
god send you ,  sir ,  a speedy infirmity ,  for the better increasing your folly !	1
he doesn’t need our mistrust; since he tells us our duties and the directions for what we have to do .	1
have them come in front of the master constable .	1
and almost like a licensed surgeon.	1
which in his dearest need will fly from him .	1
so ,  kneel down ,  and beg mercy of the duke .	1
i will only be bold with benedick for his company ,  for from the crown of his head to the sole of his foot he is all mirth .	1
how is't, my noble lord?	1
i am indeed ,  sir ,  a surgeon to old shoes; when they are in great danger ,  i recover them .	1
it cannot be .	1
by his whimsical bat and his staff and his sandal shoes .	1
we waste our lights in vain ,  like lights by day .	1
what is this same ?	1
i called my love false love; but what said he then?	1
don’t do this !	1
if thou account’st it shame ,  lay it on me ,  and therefore frolic !	1
wouldst thou do such a deed for all the world ?	1
what’s the matter ?	1
no ,  by saint jamy ,  i’ll bet you a penny !	1
the brightness of her cheek would shame those stars as daylight doth a lamp; her eyes in heaven would through the airy region stream so bright that birds would sing and think it were not night .	1
the devil sings like a nightingale to haunt poor tom .	1
do i wrong my enemies?	1
how much more elder art thou than thy looks !	1
i say you aren’t .	1
and so of men .	1
the worthy baron of ross .	1
i tell you yet again ,  banquo's buried; he cannot come out on his grave .	1
and from my soul too or else curse them both.	1
i never saw him like this before .	1
and ,  good night ,  sweet friend .	1
said he not so ?	1
come ,  tears ,  confound; out ,  sword ,  and wound the pap (heart) of pyramus .	1
o anything of nothing first create!	1
thus from my lips ,  by thine my sin is purg'd .	1
i follow thee .	1
mistress!	1
here ,  here ,  sir !	1
metellus cimber ?	1
an if your wife be not a madwoman ,  and know how well i have deserved the ring ,  she would not hold out enemy forever for giving it to me .	1
and my heart too .	1
i humbly thank you ,  well ,  well ,  well .	1
it’s not in the contract .	1
stand you awhile apart; confine yourself but in a patient list.	1
hath leonato any son ,  my lord ?	1
why ,  may one ask ?	1
what’s your will ?	1
if it be found so ,  some will dear abide it .	1
upon the right hand i .	1
come on ,  we’re wasting precious daylight .	1
this is it ,  for now .	1
a good and virtuous nature may recoil in an charge by a king .	1
hail ,  gentle sir .	1
away ,  away ,  be gone !	1
why ,  so didst thou .	1
we will have such a prologue ,  and it shall be written in eight and six .	1
doesn’t the day break here ?	1
from now on i will ,  cousin ,  and i’ll think of all kinds of games for us .	1
goodbye ,  cousin .	1
tis very true .	1
speak thou now.	1
for the love o' god ,  peace !	1
angels and ministers of grace defend us !	1
virtue!	1
now i will believe that there are unicorns ,  that in arabia there is one tree ,  the phoenix' throne ,  one phoenix at this hour reigning there .	1
we’re overjoyed to see you sane again .	1
and juliet’s just as much in love as he ,  but she has even less opportunity to meet her lover .	1
you are almost come to part almost a fray .	1
enough ,  captain .	1
to whom ,  my lord ?	1
but yet ,  alas ,  stood i within his grace ,  i would prefer him to a better place .	1
away!	1
and cassio killed ?	1
he’s dressed like a freak ,  a total freak ,  and not at all like a proper footman or a gentleman’s valet .	1
i think that he has neighborly charity in him, because he borrowed a moneybox from the englishman, and swore he would pay him again when he was able; i think the frenchman became his guarantor and it was sealed by another.	1
but constant expression of wild grief will only make it tame ,  so i’m not going to say any more about my boys until i’ve gouged your eyes out with my bare hands .	1
the people have heard it already ,  and they’ve been told of his accusations .	1
you’d better knock louder .	1
yes ,  casca ,  tell us what has happened today that makes caesar look so sad .	1
the all - seeing sun ne'er saw her match since first the world begun .	1
let them come—i don’t care .	1
where is thy power ,  then ,  to beat him back ?	1
sing us a song .	1
do tell .	1
know ,  sir ,  that i will not wait pinioned at your master’s court ,  nor once be chastised with the sober eye of dull octavia .	1
is that the way it is ,  countrymen ?	1
how long hath he been there ?	1
sir?	1
let go of my hand .	1
such welcome and unwelcome things at once are hard to reconcile.	1
do so;— and let no man pay for this deed but we who did it .	1
not i' th' stocks ,  fool .	1
at the duke's oak we meet .	1
good advice ,  indeed .	1
caesar !	1
where is that knocking coming from ?	1
your vessels and your spells provide ,  your charms and everything beside .	1
what do you mean ?	1
or if you haven’t sat as i do now ,  boring your listener with all your lover’s virtues ,  then you haven’t loved .	1
how now ,  my lord !	1
nothing is good ,  i see ,  without respect .	1
hie you, make haste, for it grows very late.	1
i’m not afraid of dead uncles .	1
what did he say the symptoms were ?	1
the queen is coming .	1
so ,  the man would talk half as much as benedick and be half as serious as don john— and if he were handsome ,  agile ,  and rich ,  too ,  he could have any woman in the world—all he’d need was her good will .	1
for all the rest ,  they’ll take suggestion as a cat laps milk .	1
drown thyself ?	1
your praise is come too swiftly home before you .	1
let her come in .	1
the sound of lovers calling each others names through the night is silver - sweet .	1
please it your grace ,  on to the state affairs .	1
you’re making such a fuss .	1
that’s because you are near me ,  and you’re as dazzling as the sun .	1
there ,  my blessing with thee .	1
did you say all ?	1
indeed !	1
where be your gibes now ?	1
early in the morning see thou deliver it to my lord and father.	1
by'r lady ,  your ladyship is nearer to heaven than when i saw you last by the altitude of a chopine .	1
i’m going to laugh myself to death over this silly monster .	1
boy !	1
very foul .	1
what is now amiss that caesar and his senate must redress?	1
is love a tender thing ?	1
no ,  sir .	1
o, then, i see queen mab hath been with you.	1
i’ll to him .	1
we are ,  my lord .	1
set me the stoups of wine upon that table .	1
she weeps for edward and so do i ,  while she does not weep for clarence ,  though i do .	1
didn’t you say something ?	1
what can he say in this?	1
then shall i swear to kate ,  and you to me ,  and may our oaths well kept and prosp'rous be .	1
and so ,  good - bye .	1
antonio ,  as i heard in genoa— what ,  what ,  what ?	1
sleep rock your brain ,  and may misfortune never mischance between us two !	1
thus we are agreed .	1
there ,  gentle hermia ,  i may marry you; and the sharp athenian law cannot follow us to that place .	1
that is a step on which i must fall down, or else o'erleap, for in my way it lies.	1
and i your servant .	1
is she as tall as i am ?	1
a poured a flagon of rhenish on my head once.	1
no ,  in truth ,  sir ,  he should not .	1
his name ,  my lord ,  is tyrrel .	1
young fry of treachery !	1
oh yes ,  you spoke ,  my lord ,  but total nonsense .	1
well ,  i will do it ,  though i take thee in the king’s company .	1
that’s how you’ll talk about me when you’re in this mood .	1
a clever speech is wasted on a stupid ear .	1
he went just left ,  and certainly in a strange state of upset .	1
sure ,  it was the roar of a whole herd of lions .	1
for himself to mar ,  ”  quoth he ?	1
take in your love ,  and then let me alone .	1
no?—then i can see that you’re not near.	1
and art thou living, stephano?	1
my deeds on my head!	1
our course will seem too bloody, caius cassius, to cut the head off and then hack the limbs like wrath in death and envy afterwards; for antony is but a limb of caesar.	1
i was ordered not to .	1
when she was dying she gave it to me and told me to give it to my wife when i got married .	1
come ,  shall i make you two friends ?	1
my mistress lies here murdered in her bed .	1
good night, lord brutus.	1
we’ll away tonight ,  and be a day before our husbands home .	1
please ,  sir; crack jokes over lunch .	1
prepare the body then, and follow us.	1
the king and queen and all are coming down.	1
it is a creature that dotes on cassio, as it is the whore's disease to trick many and be tricked by one.	1
where art thou ?	1
i cannot believe that in her; she's full of most blest condition .	1
was that my father that went hence so fast ?	1
is it e'en so ?	1
come, come away.	1
i must go to england ,  you know that ?	1
what's the matter ?	1
in food ,  in sport ,  and life - preserving rest to be disturbed ,  would mad or man or beast .	1
a man ,  sir .	1
and, lips, o you the doors of breath, seal with a righteous kiss a dateless bargain to engrossing death!	1
i am but mad north - north - west .	1
now could i drink hot blood and do such bitter business as the bitter day would quake to look on .	1
come, antony and young octavius, come, revenge yourselves alone on cassius, because cassius is weary of the world, hated by a friend he loves; threatened by his brother; attacked like a slave; all his faults noted, set in a note-book, learned and memorized by heart, to throw back into my face.	1
if you’d like to talk tomorrow ,  i’ll come to your home .	1
this grave shall have a living monument.	1
we are haunted.	1
ay ,  you have been a mouse - hunt in your time; but i will watch you from such watching now .	1
i can only repeat what i’ve said before .	1
if it looks like my good father ,  i’ll speak to it ,  even if hell itself opens up and tells me to be quiet .	1
calls my lord?	1
i am sorry that your leisure serves you not.	1
may my wrinkles forbid that !	1
and did not they put on my brows this wreath of victory ,  and bid me give it thee ?	1
how much i had to do to calm his rage .	1
speak ,  nephew .	1
angels are bright still ,  though the brightest fell .	1
yes ,  every man forward .	1
but did you think the prince would have served you thus ?	1
i have a soul of lead so stakes me to the ground i cannot move .	1
nah ,  i don’t care what their	1
i’d rather be a dog and howl at the moon than be that kind of roman .	1
winter garments need to be filled with something ,  and so does skinny rosalind .	1
o heaven!	1
hey ,  cassio !	1
this way ,  we can see how the world moves .	1
when he loses that ,  he’ll be drinking salt water ,  since i’ll never tell him where the freshwater springs are .	1
where are you ,  keeper ?	1
give me the letter .	1
dear lady, welcome home.	1
i don’t know his name .	1
i am aweary .	1
every one should prepare to follow this beautiful corpse to her grave.	1
here comes another jew: we cannot match them ,  unless the devil himself turn jew .	1
most worthy gentleman, i, and my friend, have by your wisdom been this day acquitted of grievous penalties; in lieu whereof, three thousand ducats, due unto the jew, we freely cope your courteous pains withal.	1
uncle ,  i’m coming out !	1
let’s hope we never need your help for anything .	1
how cam'st thou hither, tell me, and wherefore?	1
that is laertes, a very noble youth.	1
hence will i to my ghostly father's cell, his help to crave and my dear hap to tell.	1
very good !	1
shall i say to caesar what you require of him ?	1
madam ,  please be patient .	1
she lied to me ,  and she may lie to you .	1
all the charms of sycorax, toads, beetles, bats, fall on you!	1
all things that are ,  are with more spirit chasèd than enjoyed .	1
strike his wife ?	1
sir, i entreat you home with me to dinner.	1
lady !	1
thou canst not frown ,  thou canst not look askance ,  nor bite the lip as angry wenches will ,  nor hast thou pleasure to be cross in talk .	1
i had most need of blessing, and “amen” stuck in my throat.	1
come hither ,  my dear hamlet ,  sit by me .	1
you shall have none ill, sir; for i'll try if they can lick their fingers.	1
casca, you’re the first one to strike.	1
we need a more appropriate place to discuss cordelia and her father .	1
is not their climate foggy ,  raw ,  and dull ,  on whom ,  as in despite ,  the sun looks pale ,  killing their fruit with frowns ?	1
o cassius, brutus gave the word too early, who, having some advantage on octavius, took it too eagerly.	1
to see no pastime i .	1
o ,  good my lord ,  tax not so bad a voice to slander music anymore than once .	1
here is the cap your worship did bespeak .	1
good morrow ,  old sir thomas erpingham .	1
a hall ,  a hall !	1
i dreamt a dream to-night.	1
i would not have given it for a wilderness of monkeys .	1
i came here to tell you—i’ll make this short ,  since she’s already been talked about for too long—the lady is unfaithful .	1
let this pernicious hour stand aye accursed in the calendar !	1
it was ,  so please your highness .	1
a soldier, and afeard?	1
until i know for sure ,  i’ll humor her .	1
you have no weapon, and must be forced to suffer.	1
both of you know banquo was your enemy .	1
it’s a job meant for a man ,  but not you .	1
strange things i have in head ,  that will to hand ,  which must be acted ere they may be scanned .	1
will you hear me, roderigo?	1
but is there no sequel at the heels of this mother's admiration?	1
come by and by to my chamber .	1
she hath spied him already with those sweet eyes .	1
whither to supper?	1
a fish: he smells like a fish; a very ancient and fish-like smell; a kind of not- of-the-newest poor-john.	1
i wish you’d do what i ask !	1
i have a daughter—have while she is mine— who in her duty and obedience, mark, hath given me this.	1
she speaks.	1
the time between is mine ,  and a man's life is longer than it takes to say  “ one .	1
my villainy ?	1
most veritable; therefore look to't well.	1
please grant my prayer so my faith doesn’t turn to despair .	1
a villain kills my father ,  and for that ,  i ,  his sole son ,  do this same villain send to heaven .	1
prince, as you are true, for blood of ours shed blood of montague.	1
these chests may not be what they seem outside: the world is still tricked by ornament.	1
to make you answer truly to your name .	1
why do you cross me in this exigent?	1
what is it ,  my lord ?	1
gave me ,  sir ?	1
step aside ,  choose whichever of your wisest friends you want ,  and they shall hear and judge between you and me .	1
the citizens are up ,  and tybalt is dead .	1
no ,  caesar ,  we will respond to their attack .	1
come ,  vial .	1
to a convent ,  go .	1
what's your gracious pleasure?	1
come ,  my lord .	1
to do this is within the compass of man's wit, and therefore i will attempt the doing it.	1
if you have any pity ,  grace ,  or manners ,  you would not make me such an argument .	1
that’s enough for me ,  then .	1
in our case ,  our bad neighbors over their make us early risers ,  a healthy and sensible thing to be .	1
actually ,  once or twice she sighed and said ,   “ father ,  ”  as if the word were pressing on her chest .	1
i brought my master news of juliet’s death .	1
my new master is expecting your approach .	1
yes ,  from top to bottom ,  sir .	1
a friend should put up with his friend’s weaknesses ,  but you exaggerate mine .	1
i never charge interest .	1
it is my lady; o, it is my love!	1
the wine of life is drawn ,  and the mere lees is left this vault to brag of .	1
tell him ,  so please him come unto this place ,  he shall be satisfied and ,  by my honor ,  depart untouched .	1
where is this king?	1
welcome, iago; we must to the watch.	1
i wish they were hypodermics for your sake !	1
divine ,  perfect woman ,  give me a chance to prove in detail that i’m innocent of the evils you accuse me of .	1
peace ,  fool .	1
but here the lady comes .	1
so could i ,  faith ,  boy ,  to have the next wish after ,  that lucentio indeed had baptista’s youngest daughter .	1
how exactly have i offended you ?	1
eros ,  send his treasure to him .	1
great tyranny, lay thou thy basis sure, for goodness dare not check thee.	1
thou art a cobbler ,  art thou ?	1
well ,  brutus ,  you’re noble .	1
o villain !	1
now gather ,  and surmise .	1
othello’s wife has a lot of influence now .	1
if you forgive my mistake ,  i swear i’ll never break an oath with you again .	1
what less than the end of the world is the prince's sentence?	1
tell us where 'tis, that we may take it thence and bear it to the chapel.	1
i’m greedy !	1
o gentle romeo ,  if thou dost love ,  pronounce it faithfully .	1
well ,  take him on up and we’ll try to pull it off .	1
what do you mean ,  lady ?	1
this is a slight unmeritable man, meet to be sent on errands.	1
thou changèd and self - covered thing ,  for shame !	1
oh ,  sad day !	1
look ,  love ,  what envious streaks do lace the severing clouds in yonder east .	1
and in good time here comes the sweating lord .	1
at once ,  good night: stand not upon the order of your going ,  but go at once .	1
habit has made it a property of easiness in him.	1
meagre were his looks ,  sharp misery had worn him to the bones; and in his needy shop a tortoise hung ,  an alligator stuff'd ,  and other skins of ill - shaped fishes; and about his shelves a beggarly account of empty boxes ,  green earthen pots ,  bladders ,  and musty seeds ,  remnants of packthread ,  and old cakes of roses were thinly scattered ,  to make up a show .	1
this is not the way to win your daughter .	1
sword ”  is an oath ,  and oaths must have their course .	1
therefore ,  love each other in moderation .	1
that ever holds: who riseth from a feast with that keen appetite that he sits down?	1
thy love ?	1
the ears that should give us hearing can’t hear ,  to tell him his order is obeyed ,  that rosencrantz and guildenstern are dead .	1
quiet there !	1
what did you mean by that same handkerchief you just gave me ?	1
if i had as many mouths as a seven-headed goddess, such an answer would shut them all.	1
you’ll introduce me to him as a eunuch .	1
let me go with him.	1
o ,  your only dancer !	1
what think’st thou then of stanley ?	1
i do remember an apothecary ,  and hereabouts he dwells ,  which late i noted in tatt'red weeds ,  with overwhelming brows ,  culling of simples .	1
goats and monkeys!	1
o—desdemona— my lord?	1
i pray you ,  give me leave .	1
come hither ,  mistress .	1
a pickaxe and a spade ,  a spade ,  for and a shrouding sheet; o ,  a pit of clay for to be made for such a guest is meet .	1
do you hear me ?	1
i love you dearly ,  ariel .	1
he that is robbed ,  not wanting what is stol'n ,  let him not know’t ,  and he’s not robbed at all .	1
dost thou in conscience think—tell me ,  emilia— that there be women do abuse their husbands in such gross kind ?	1
what is it ye would see ?	1
she was too fond of her very filthy bargain.	1
shall we to the court?	1
madam ,  he’s well .	1
hail !	1
i’m sure you do .	1
my royal lord ,  you don’t give the toast .	1
you shall find me apt enough to that, sir, an you will give me occasion.	1
whether you’re a good spirit or a cursed demon ,  whether you bring heavenly breezes or blasts of hell fire ,  whether your intentions are good or evil ,  you look so strange i want to talk to you .	1
i know the burden of hosting him is both an honor and a trouble ,  but that doesn’t mean it’s not a trouble just the same .	1
who is't that hinders you?	1
a knave teach me my duty!	1
he is gone, he is gone, and we go away crying.	1
a fig!	1
fear it ,  ophelia ,  fear it ,  my dear sister ,  and keep your affections deep within you ,  out of the range and danger of desire .	1
so, so.	1
please tell me seriously what you think of her .	1
is it not past two o'clock ?	1
that’s right ,  she did .	1
farewell ,  my lord .	1
what woman then ?	1
be advis'd ,  fair maid .	1
now we'll together ,  and the chance of goodness be like our warranted quarrel !	1
ay ,  marry ,  i'll be gone about it straight .	1
i love thee not .	1
sweet portia ,  if you did know to whom i gave the ring ,  if you did know for whom i gave the ring ,  and would conceive for what i gave the ring ,  and how unwillingly i left the ring when naught would be accepted but the ring ,  you would abate the strength of your displeasure .	1
up.	1
speak ,  my fair ,  and fairly ,  i pray thee .	1
i often came where i did hear of her, but cannot find her.	1
in form and moving how express and admirable!	1
we will rise early tomorrow ,  and be on our way .	1
and the tears of it are wet .	1
where shall we go ?	1
you did .	1
i’m coming ,  slut !	1
i say ,  this house is as dark as ignorance ,  though ignorance were as dark as hell .	1
god save you, sir!	1
i would do a lot to reconcile them, for the love i bear to cassio.	1
mad for thy love?	1
i know you’ve that virtue ,  brutus ,  as well as i know your face .	1
yes ,  in just those words .	1
where are the evil men who started this fight ?	1
why ,  thou sayst well .	1
listen ,  how they knock !	1
he calls me  “ boy ”  and scolds me as if he had the power to whip me out of egypt .	1
if not ,  shun me ,  and i will spare your haunts .	1
good - bye .	1
life is a story told by an idiot ,  full of noise and emotional disturbance but devoid of meaning .	1
be innocent of the knowledge ,  dearest chuck ,  till thou applaud the deed .	1
is there any cause in nature that makes these hard hearts ?	1
you say true; 'tis so ,  indeed .	1
i do not think thou canst ,  for then thou wast not out three years old .	1
who alone suffers ,  suffers most i' th' mind ,  leaving free things and happy shows behind .	1
one word more shall make me chide thee ,  if not hate thee .	1
i have a pain on my forehead here.	1
alas that love ,  so gentle in his view ,  should be so tyrannous and rough in proof !	1
call'd you, my lord?	1
they’re louder than the storm or us sailors .	1
therefore ,  go these griefs and losses have so 'bated me ,  that i shall hardly spare a pound of flesh to - morrow ,  to my bloody creditor .	1
i will be bitter with him and passing short .	1
thou !	1
romeo shall thank thee ,  daughter ,  for us both .	1
with drink ,  sir ?	1
how ?	1
if you dare to fight today ,  come to the field .	1
still ,  i beg you ,  if you think it’s okay ,  or that it may be done ,  get me a chance to speak briefly with desdemona alone .	1
i don’t know ,  madam .	1
here comes the man;—to him, father; for i am a jew if i serve the jew any longer.	1
like a fire that gets covered up ,  benedick should smother his love and waste away .	1
of anything the image tell me that hath kept with thy remembrance .	1
now i will question cassio about bianca, a housewife that, by selling her desires, buys herself bread and clothes.	1
we don’t have any ,  sir .	1
if i had written it down on paper ,  i would tear the word from the page .	1
yes ,  i was ,  but i don’t want an answer from you .	1
there must be a strange explanation for this—if it’s true .	1
i hope we have reformed that indifferently with us, sir.	1
if you do meet horatio and marcellus ,  the rivals of my watch ,  bid them make haste .	1
one of them showed me a ring, that he had of your daughter for a monkey.	1
what do you call the carriages?	1
you don’t really love me .	1
yes, it does shine that night.	1
sad hours seem long .	1
come on ,  wake up ,  wake up ,  wake up !	1
this is the night that either makes me or fordoes me quite.	1
well ,  that’s what you get to do .	1
i swear ,  this fool has an excellent singing voice .	1
o my lord, if my duty is too bold, it’s because my love has no manners.	1
come on ,  let’s go see king edward .	1
no ,  as i am a christian .	1
i am very uncomfortable ,  unfit for my own intentions .	1
so i did, fearing that i might make you more impatient when you seemed already fired up, and besides, i was hoping it was just a bad mood, which sometimes hits every man.	1
with cunning hast thou filched my daughter’s heart ,  turned her obedience (which is due to me) to stubborn harshness . —and ,  my gracious duke ,  be it so she will not here before your grace consent to marry with demetrius ,  i beg the ancient privilege of athens .	1
what friend?	1
i don’t know what you’ve done to upset him ,  but someone has challenged you to a duel .	1
i am glad it’s night so that you can’t see me ,  because i am very ashamed of my costume; but love is blind ,  and lovers cannot see the pretty mischief that they themselves commit ,  because ,  if they could ,  cupid himself would blush to see me transformed to a boy like this .	1
one fairer than my love?	1
my name’s macbeth .	1
this blue-eyed hag was hither brought with child, and here was left by th’ sailors.	1
thou dost belie her, and thou art a devil.	1
observe her; stand close .	1
we found him in the churchyard .	1
i had to send it to him .	1
it was well done, and thou shalt sleep again; i will not hold thee long.	1
this is to feel the news ,  not hear it .	1
o ,  fie upon thee ,  slanderer !	1
yes ,  she really did .	1
so ,  slave ,  hence !	1
well, shylock, shall we be beholden to you?	1
with good acceptance of his majesty— save that there was not time enough to hear ,  as i perceived his grace would fain have done ,  the severals and unhidden passages of his true titles to some certain dukedoms ,  and generally to the crown and seat of france ,  derived from edward ,  his great - grandfather .	1
i'll prove you wrong ,  or else die trying .	1
the duke’s in council and your noble self ,  i am sure ,  is sent for .	1
i won’t serve him: he’s not valiant.	1
you’ll never hear from the herald again .	1
what are you talking about ! —how are you saying ?	1
what's the business ,  that such a hideous trumpet calls to parley the sleepers of the house ?	1
i am not merry ,  but i do beguile the thing i am by seeming otherwise .	1
but this is trifling ,  and all the more it seeks to hide itself the bigger bulk it shows .	1
the law, that threat'ned death, becomes thy friend and turns it to exile.	1
i hear it by the way, but i will send.	1
i’m off to visit my friends in padua—particularly my best friend hortensio .	1
murder ?	1
let the galled jade winch; our withers are unwrung.	1
i desperately needed god’s blessing ,  but the word  “ amen ”  stuck in my throat .	1
there's two or three of us who have seen strange sights.	1
did these bones cost no more the making of them but to play at games with them?	1
the man’s going crazy .	1
why ,  man ,  what is the matter ?	1
i have a man's mind, but a woman's might.	1
you’re a mender, are you?	1
find some occasion to make cassio angry ,  either by speaking too loud ,  or insulting his discipline ,  or from whatever reason you please ,  which might be suggested by what’s happening at the time .	1
what ,  that’s all ?	1
come .	1
why dost thou stay ?	1
i have a faint, cold fear that scares my veins and it almost freezes up the heat of life.	1
can heaven be so jealous?	1
your part in her you could not keep from death, but heaven keeps his part in eternal life.	1
well ,  we will leave you then till dinnertime .	1
all the perfumes of arabia will not sweeten this little hand .	1
you’ll have your answer soon .	1
tis now struck twelve .	1
what think you on't?	1
there ,  my lord .	1
but if a man becomes weary of these obstacles ,  he can always kill himself .	1
there is no jewel like rosalind .	1
it will be our fault, who should’ve kept this mad young man on a short leash, restrained, and out of society.	1
avaunt ,  thou witch ! —come ,  dromio ,  let us go .	1
half a share .	1
but lend it rather to thine enemy ,  who ,  if he break ,  thou mayst with better face exact the penalty .	1
i will so .	1
gratiano speaks an infinite deal of nothing ,  more than any man in all venice .	1
who are you talking about ?	1
get out of here ,  you measly ,  lying wretch .	1
i that am cruel am yet merciful; i would not have thee linger in thy pain .	1
go on ,  wear your boots out !	1
nay ,  that he did not .	1
what o'clock to-morrow shall i send to thee?	1
hie thee, gentle jew.	1
he is ready at the door; he comes, my lord.	1
let’s hear it ,  sweet bottom .	1
that’s it !	1
how is your patient ,  doctor ?	1
it usually only lasts about twenty seconds .	1
good my friends ,  consider you are my guests .	1
one of us will stay and stand guard .	1
art thou learned ?	1
they call us drunks and insult our noble titles .	1
if any ,  speak ,  for him have i offended .	1
by and by' is easily said .	1
i pray you tell me your remedy .	1
who's there?	1
come out ,  you frightened man .	1
that sound you heard was the  it was the lark ,  the bird that sings at dawn ,  not the nightingale .	1
to answer that ,  i should confess to you .	1
beatrice— in faith ,  i will go .	1
o my heart !	1
it never entered my mind to know more .	1
lovers ,  make moan .	1
when an evil thing has been lost ,  no one cries .	1
so think thou wilt no second husband wed; but die thy thoughts when thy first lord is dead .	1
go thou with me ,  and let me counsel thee .	1
give us answers .	1
honest?	1
it struck mine ear most terribly.	1
let the garden door be shut ,  and leave me to my hearing .	1
to the first and the last, a hearty welcome.	1
what man has courage to do ,  i have courage to do .	1
your drugs are quick .	1
hillo ,  ho ,  ho ,  boy !	1
good master mustardseed, i know you well.	1
a fish: he smells like a fish; a very ancient and fish - like smell; a kind of not -  of - the - newest poor - john .	1
goneril with a white beard ?	1
listen, she speaks.	1
caesar's better parts shall be crown'd in brutus.	1
thou art not conquer'd .	1
don’t tell me ,  friar ,  that you heard about this ,  unless you can tell me how i can prevent it .	1
o my dear lord—   nay ,  do not think i flatter .	1
what does he look like ,  biondello ?	1
meantime i writ to romeo that he should hither come as this dire night to help to take her from her borrowed grave ,  being the time the potion's force should cease .	1
my lord ,  my life is as important to me as yours is to you ,  and it was never as precious to me as it is now .	1
thou hast taken against me a most just exception; but yet ,  i protest ,  have dealt most directly in thy affair .	1
how now ,  worthy soldier ?	1
he’ll make your palace tremble for this insult ,  even if it were the mightiest in all of europe .	1
how now ,  lorenzo ?	1
she told her ,  while she kept it 'twould make her amiable and subdue my father entirely to her love ,  but if she lost it or made gift of it ,  my father’s eye should hold her loathèd and his spirits should hunt after new fancies .	1
a dog of the house of montague moves me .	1
let me see her .	1
up in the air ,  crowned with the golden sun ,  saw his heroical seed and smiled to see him mangle the work of nature and deface the patterns that by god and by french fathers had twenty years been made .	1
romeo is coming.	1
come, montague; because you are up early to see your son and heir taken down even earlier.	1
how doth my lady ?	1
i guess now she’s going to be my sister - in - law and not my wife .	1
please ,  my king ,  be quiet .	1
and you ,  sir .	1
fairy king, see and listen; i do hear the morning lark.	1
past the mid season.	1
come ,  come; you'll never meet a more capable man .	1
and you the judges, bear a wary eye.	1
why ,  romeo ,  are you crazy ?	1
in heaven .	1
what does he say about brutus ?	1
have after.	1
look ,  don pedro has come back for you .	1
will you walk ,  sir ?	1
these two antipholuses ,  who look so alike—and these two dromios ,  who seem to have the same face—and her story of being shipwrecked—why ,  these two are the parents of these children and have been reunited by accident .	1
i wrote to you when rioting in alexandria .	1
then young men love with their eyes ,  not with their hearts .	1
on what occasion god he knows ,  not i ,  the queen your mother and your brother york have taken sanctuary .	1
i did ,  my lord .	1
juliet!	1
it’s not right to obey his orders to let him go alone .	1
by heaven, that’s my handkerchief!	1
here i’ll rest until daybreak .	1
but what see i?	1
good sir toby !	1
don’t give up yet .	1
let her have your voices .	1
how now ,  captain macmorris ,  have you quit the mines ?	1
thy wit is a very bitter sweeting .	1
do you see anything in that ?	1
for shame, bring juliet forth; her lord is come.	1
a norman.	1
go ,  gratiano ,  run and catch him; give him the ring ,  and bring him ,  if you can ,  to antonio's house .	1
if they were not reinforced by those troops that should be ours ,  we might have met them boldly ,  beard to beard ,  and beat them backward where they came from .	1
alas ,  you’ve misunderstood everything !	1
and here’s another ,  writ in my cousin’s hand ,  stol'n from her pocket ,  containing her affection unto benedick .	1
on what compulsion must i ?	1
is it possible a young maid's sanity should be die as does an old man ?	1
there’s only one hope for you ,  and even that’s a kind of illegitimate hope .	1
that’s twice .	1
to romeo] why the devil did you come between us ?	1
nothing he did in his life became him so much like the leaving it; he died as someone one who had studied his own death, to throw away the dearest thing he owned as it were a careless trifle.	1
i will not do thee so much wrong to wake thee .	1
pretty soul!	1
my lord ,  fair helena told me of their running away ,  and why they ran here to this forest; and in fury ,  i followed them here ,  fair helena ,  in love ,  following me .	1
i pray thee ,  cease thy counsel ,  which falls into mine ears as profitless as water in a sieve .	1
climate was a delicate mistress.	1
by our beards (if we had them) ,  you are a knave .	1
they’ve eaten themselves sick .	1
does any one know if donalbain be with his brother ?	1
is that possible ?	1
she hath ,  and in that sparing makes huge waste ,  for beauty ,  starved with her severity ,  cuts beauty off from all posterity .	1
not cassio killed !	1
stay right here and try to look good .	1
you devil ,  you’ve put a spell on her !	1
when did i ever do you any harm ?	1
that’s a fault that water will mend .	1
did you kill him ,  then ?	1
i don’t think so.	1
in praising antony ,  i have dispraised caesar .	1
i’ll bet any man who knows the law five shillings to one on it .	1
this morning brings a gloomy peace with it .	1
will all great neptune's ocean wash this blood clean from my hand ?	1
and thus she moans ,  videlicet:— asleep ,  my love ?	1
they were lusting after each other .	1
won’t the ladies be afraid of the lion?	1
which i take to be either a fool or a cipher .	1
what think you on't ?	1
for the love of god ,  your help !	1
thou didst it excellent .	1
tis a good hearing when children are toward .	1
will you come to bed ,  my lord ?	1
no ,  indeed ,  sir; the lady olivia has no folly .	1
very well .	1
what unaccustom'd cause procures her hither ?	1
wow ,  we’re really going to drive him crazy .	1
i became his guide ,  i led him and begged for him ,  and kept him from suicide .	1
go and beg her .	1
i shall answer that better to the commonwealth, than you can the getting up of the negro's belly; the moor is with child by you, launcelot.	1
but ,  really ,  sir ,  we have taken a holiday to see caesar and to rejoice in his triumph .	1
i thought you were resolved to do this .	1
i'll fight until my flesh is hacked from my bones.	1
the brain may devise laws for the blood; but a hot temper leaps o'er a cold decree: such a hare is madness the youth ,  to skip o'er the meshes of good counsel the cripple .	1
i have lost my hopes.	1
cleopatra ,  do not abuse my master’s bounty by th’ undoing of yourself .	1
we will, my lord.	1
we'll have dinner there .	1
they see and smell and have their palates both for sweet and sour ,  as husbands have .	1
in heaven.	1
how can caesar be a tyrant then ?	1
he’s too overwhelmed with shame .	1
he says they can do nothing in this kind .	1
go on ahead .	1
they are in a rage .	1
o you gods ,  make me worthy of this noble wife !	1
proceed ,  moon .	1
well, i’ll get going and so deliver these papers as you asked me.	1
jesus, what’s your hurry?	1
tis more ,  'tis more !	1
hates any man the thing he would not kill ?	1
caesar himself has work ,  and our oppression exceeds what we expected .	1
come ,  gentlemen ,  let’s go .	1
good sister ,  wrong me not nor wrong yourself ,  to make a bondmaid and a slave of me .	1
i beg you, tonight lay my wedding sheets on my bed, remember?	1
like one of two contending in a prize that thinks he hath done well in people’s eyes ,  hearing applause and universal shout ,  giddy in spirit ,  still gazing in a doubt whether these pearls of praise be his or no— so ,  thrice fair lady ,  stand i even so ,  as doubtful whether what i see be true until confirmed ,  signed ,  ratified by you .	1
the town is beseeched ,  and the trumpet call us to the breach ,  and we talk and ,  be chrish ,  do nothing ,  ’tis shame for us all .	1
that we should, with joy, pleasance, revel, and applause, transform ourselves into beasts!	1
very well ,  madam .	1
your name, i pray you, friend?	1
whip him !	1
who shall bar me from them ?	1
oh ,  that’s nothing ,  believe me ,  sir .	1
here comes the man who rescued me ,  sir .	1
but it is no matter.	1
now ,  daughter katherine ?	1
or else mismatched in terms of years;— oh spite!	1
give you good night .	1
and sowing the kernels of it in the sea, bring forth more islands.	1
if they have done this deed ,  my noble lord— if ?	1
iago is very honest .	1
is it that aggressive ?	1
no ,  afterward .	1
she turn'd to folly, and she was a whore.	1
so then the poles won’t be willing to defend it .	1
cobweb .	1
you will ,  my lord .	1
who does it gallop for ?	1
go to, farewell.	1
come ,  come away !	1
the enemy comes on in gallant show; their bloody sign of battle is hung out, and something to be done immediately.	1
but are they ,  ariel ,  safe ?	1
if it were so ,  it was a grievous fault ,  and grievously hath caesar answered it .	1
it shall advantage thee more than ever the bearing of letter did .	1
how are you, my dear othello!	1
sure it is hers .	1
there are no old gentlemen but gardeners, ditchers, and grave-makers.	1
light !	1
in this slumbery agitation, besides her walking and other actual performances, what, at any time, have you heard her say?	1
we'll wait upon your lordship.	1
i’ll tell you later what i’ve thought about this and about these times , ; for now ,  please don’t to try to persuade me any further .	1
you’re bleeding a lot .	1
go .	1
what’s going on ,  daughter ?	1
i'll read the writing .	1
if we offend, it is with our good will.	1
let's follow, gertrude.	1
o villainous !	1
i know ,  ”  quoth he ,   “ no house ,  no wife ,  no mistress .  ”  so that my errand ,  due unto my tongue ,  i thank him ,  i bare home upon my shoulders ,  for ,  in conclusion ,  he did beat me there .	1
it was a violent commencement, and thou shalt see an answer- able sequestration; put but money in thy purse.	1
a heavy summons lies like lead upon me ,  and yet i would not sleep .	1
be assured, good cassio, i will do all i can in your behalf.	1
is there no voice more worthy than my own ,  to sound more sweetly in great caesar's ear for the repealing of my banish'd brother ?	1
if hercules and lichas threw dice to decide who was the better man ,  the best throw may be turned by luck to come from the weaker hand: so alcides was beaten by his boy servant; and i might too ,  with blind fortune leading me ,  miss that treasure which a more unworthy man may get ,  and i’ll die from grieving .	1
not ?	1
where is the number of our english dead ?	1
the captain who brought me to shore has my women’s clothes .	1
how badly this candle burns!	1
it is as easy as lying .	1
let’s hear it, sweet bottom.	1
save that kind of harsh language for your worst enemy .	1
he’ll just think an idiot wrote it .	1
i sent him away, and gave him a good excuse for your fit; i told him to come back soon and speak here with me; which he promised to do.	1
what concern they ?	1
i’ll stop your mouth with a kiss .	1
avoid; no more !	1
he eats tonight with a harlot ,  and i will go there to him .	1
well, i must leave her company.	1
what man is that?	1
which is the villain ?	1
i would thou hadst been son to some man else .	1
their aunt i am in law ,  in love their mother .	1
is this a prologue or a ring of flowers?	1
o ,  farewell ,  farewell the neighing steed and the shrill trump ,  the spiritstirring drum ,  the earpiercing fife ,  the royal banner ,  and all quality ,  pride ,  pomp ,  and circumstance of glorious war !	1
i’ll tell you as soon as i know ,  richard ,  because at this point i have no idea .	1
o these deliberate fools!	1
there remain and fortify it strongly 'gainst the french .	1
save you ,  worthy general !	1
if not the face of men, the sufferance of our souls, the time's abuse— if these be motives weak, break off betimes, and every man hence to his idle bed; so let high-sighted tyranny range on till each man drop by lottery.	1
i swear ,  if anyone holds me back ,  i’ll make a ghost of him !	1
the time and my intents are savage and wild, so much ore fierce and more determined than hungry tigers or the roaring sea.	1
do it .	1
he’ll tell them so .	1
good friend ,  go to him; because ,  by this light of heaven ,  i don’t know how i lost him .	1
well ,  do your discretion .	1
yes ,  but i didn’t see anything wrong ,  and i heard every syllable they said .	1
come on ,  you can go .	1
with one fool’s head i came to woo ,  but i go away with two . — sweet ,  adieu .	1
this found i on my tent this morning .	1
if you work for him ,  you’re a fool and should wear a fool’s cap . —so how’s it going ,  uncle ?	1
tis not so now .	1
i am not treacherous.	1
really ,  i don’t know why i’m so sad; it wearies me; you say it wearies you; but how i caught it ,  found it ,  or came by it ,  what it’s made of ,  where it started ,  i must find out; and sadness makes me so crazy that i don’t know who i am .	1
my master is the great rich capulet ,  and if you be not of the house of montagues ,  i pray come and crush a cup of wine .	1
the matter ?	1
at lovers' lies, they say jove laughs.	1
and leave you out ?	1
seek him, bid him come hither.	1
i can too.	1
if then that friend demands why brutus rose against caesar, this is my answer,—not that i loved caesar less, but that i loved rome more.	1
but look ,  even if my dishes are poor ,  eat them with my best wishes .	1
but i should kill you with much cherishing .	1
come .	1
yes faith ,  my lord .	1
god save the king!	1
well met ,  honest gentleman .	1
i scarce did know you, uncle; there lies your niece, whose breath indeed these hands have newly stopp'd.	1
no ,  if you can’t adjust to political changes ,  you’ll suffer for it .	1
too well ,  too well .	1
we don’t come ,  as we mean to content you ,  is our true intent .	1
i like singing .	1
if you had known the virtue of the ring, or half the worthiness of her who gave the ring, or your own honor to hold the ring, you wouldn’t have parted then with the ring.	1
but come ,  young waverer ,  come go with me .	1
but maybe by some fluke he was saved too .	1
do i encourage you?	1
you don’t need a ghost returning from the grave to tell you that ,  sir .	1
so shall you hear of carnal, bloody and unnatural acts; of accidental judgments, casual slaughters; of deaths put on by cunning and forced cause; and, in this upshot, purposes mistook fall'n on the inventors' heads.	1
ay ,  more .	1
be patient ,  sir !	1
you have not a man in all athens able to discharge pyramus but he.	1
hark!	1
o clitus !	1
within these two months—that’s a month before this bond expires—i do expect return of thrice three times the value of this bond .	1
yet ,  if you be out ,  sir ,  i can mend you .	1
what, my young lady and mistress?	1
i'll show you every fertile inch of the island; and i will kiss your foot .	1
let him not leave out the color of her hair .	1
go, get away from here, because i will not leave.	1
dismiss me ?	1
i need to get away from you .	1
report is changeable .	1
it is ,  and wants but nomination .	1
tis not unknown to you, antonio, how much i have disabled mine estate, by something showing a more swelling port than my faint means would grant continuance: nor do i now make moan to be abridg'd from such a noble rate; but my chief care is to come fairly off from the great debts wherein my time, something too prodigal, hath left me gag'd.	1
come between us ,  good benvolio .	1
three times in an hour i saw him down ,  and three times up again and fighting .	1
you are rather point - device in your accouterments ,  as loving yourself than seeming the lover of any other .	1
some must go off .	1
my heart is thirsty for that noble pledge.	1
it is no matter how witty ,  so it be eloquent and full of invention .	1
are you his brother ?	1
that was nothing .	1
and when you saw his chariot appear ,  haven’t you made one great big shout that was so loud the tiber river trembled underneath her banks to hear the echo of your sounds that bounced off her hollow shores ?	1
i will apprehend him .	1
why ,  thou wilt quarrel with a man that hath a hair more or a hair less in his beard than thou hast .	1
for your intent in going back to school in wittenberg ,  it is most retrograde to our desire; and we beseech you ,  bend you to remain here in the cheer and comfort of our eye ,  our chiefest courtier ,  cousin ,  and our son .	1
in your bad strokes ,  brutus ,  you give good words .	1
i haven’t come to steal your loyalty ,  friends .	1
a surgeon !	1
no, i don’t hear your honest friend; i hear you.	1
i ,  not rememb'ring how i cried out then ,  will cry it o'er again: it is a hint that wrings mine eyes to't .	1
o, where?	1
i am speechless.	1
that’s true ,  it’s your beauty’s fault .	1
you cannot, unless my heart were in your hand, and that won’t happen while it is in my custody.	1
men that flow backward indeed, most often, run too near to the bottom by their own fear or laziness.	1
a kind good night to all !	1
you advise me well .	1
there's rue for you ,  and here's some for me .	1
well then ,  i’ll do it .	1
my lord of oxford ,  you ,  sir william brandon ,  and you ,  sir walter herbert ,  are going to stay with me .	1
i’d feel sorry for them ,  if i were human .	1
it was ,  so please your highness .	1
an evil soul producing holy witness is like a villain with a smiling cheek; a goodly apple rotten at the heart; o ,  what a goodly outside falsehood hath !	1
besides ,  his cote ,  his flocks ,  and bounds of feed are now on sale ,  and at our sheepcote now ,  by reason of his absence ,  there is nothing that you will feed on .	1
never .	1
i’ll die for ’t but some woman had the ring .	1
there's such divinity doth hedge a king that treason can but peep to what it would ,  acts little of his will .	1
coldhearted toward me ?	1
aside.	1
a pleasing cordial ,  princely buckingham ,  is this thy vow unto my sickly heart .	1
stand, oh!	1
coragio, bully- monster, coragio!	1
but on thy side i may not be too forward ,  lest ,  being seen ,  thy brother ,  tender george ,  be executed in his father’s sight .	1
i’ll talk to you more about this some other time .	1
where’s that mongrel ?	1
go home, be merry, give consent to marry paris.	1
i am very glad to see you, signior; welcome to cyprus.	1
hortensio ,  good friends like us can get by on a few words .	1
he hates our sacred nation; and he rails ,  even there where merchants most do congregate ,  on me ,  my bargains ,  and my well - won thrift ,  which he calls interest .	1
and terms compulsatory ,  those foresaid lands so by his father lost .	1
what is your name?	1
hamlet has polonius slain in insanity, and he has dragged him from his mother's bedroom.	1
my liege .	1
you know too much about suffering .	1
are not you lysander?	1
that’s what you get for marrying christian husbands .	1
my good lord ,  please re - phrase what you’re saying ,  and don’t give me answers so far away from my question .	1
o desdemona!	1
and bad'st me bury love.	1
malvolio’s coming down the path .	1
what was the second noise for ?	1
hey, lucius!	1
no ,  sir .	1
don’t take my love for granted .	1
damn them then, if ever mortal eyes see them in any bed other than their own!	1
he rode that prologue like a wild horse .	1
you must leave this .	1
come, knock and enter; and no sooner in but every man betake him to his legs.	1
o brave touch !	1
o thou pernicious caitiff !	1
so decide what loss your honor may receive if you listen to his songs with a too believing ear, or lose your heart, or lose your virginity to his wild sense of bad timing.	1
they would else have been troubled with a pernicious suitor .	1
i did enact julius caesar; i was killed i' the capitol; brutus killed me.	1
hello ,  cassio !	1
i cross me for a sinner .	1
ay ,  now am i in arden ,  the more fool i .	1
come on ,  tell me in broken music—for your voice is music and your english broken .	1
tut ,  tut ,  you’ve become rather icy .	1
and say besides that in aleppo once ,  where a malignant and a turbaned turk beat a venetian and traduced the state ,  i took by the throat the circumcisèd dog ,  and smote him ,  thus .	1
oh ,  most bloody sight !	1
have you prayed tonight ,  desdemona ?	1
if you tickle us ,  don’t we laugh ?	1
are you sure we’re talking about what we’ve seen here ?	1
it is much that the moor should be more than reason .	1
if he’s been spending his leisure time in lustful pursuits ,  then he’ll be punished with venereal diseases ,  and that’s his business .	1
farewell, my coz.	1
faith ,  e'en with losing his wits .	1
no one will get food poisoning, sir; i'll watch to see if they lick their fingers.	1
can’t he pay back the money ?	1
o wonderful son that can so ’stonish a mother !	1
i never knew a florentine more kind and honest .	1
you are naught ,  you are naught !	1
ay ,  and wall too .	1
here comes the king ,  the queen ,  the courtiers—who is this they follow ,  and with such maimèd rites ?	1
look ,  my lord ,  it comes !	1
that’s what i conceive of him .	1
do you see this, o god?	1
what is your difference ?	1
i may command where i adore .  ”  why ,  she may command me .	1
but never mind them—if caesar had stabbed their mothers ,  they would’ve forgiven him .	1
have you the lion’s part written ?	1
what wert thou if the king of naples heard thee?	1
who wants to speak with me?	1
who’s there ?	1
a deed that will make sick men healthy .	1
they are, my lord, without the palace gate.	1
they call this  “ the argumentative countercheck .  ”  and so on through  “ the circumstantial lie ”  and  “ the direct lie .  ”  and how many times did you say his beard wasn’t cut well ?	1
as i learned ,  the night before there was no purpose in them of this remove .	1
who keeps her company?	1
give me those flowers .	1
dost thou mock me ?	1
how now ,  roderigo !	1
we’ll send mark antony to the senate house ,  and he shall say you are not well today .	1
you just said they had to face her .	1
good night, and better health attend his majesty!	1
for brutus' sake, i am beholding to you.	1
they steal hearts .	1
treason has done his worst; nor steel nor poison ,  malice domestic ,  foreign levy ,  nothing can touch him further .	1
and look where publius is coming to go get me .	1
how dangerous is it that this man goes loose !	1
did i deserve no more than a fool’s head ?	1
how am i false ?	1
if the balance of our lives had not one scale of reason to poise another of sensuality ,  the blood and baseness of our natures would conduct us to most prepost'rous conclusions .	1
come on; we'll visit caliban my slave, who never gives us a kind answer.	1
did you say with cassio ?	1
has it come to this ?	1
heavens keep him from these beasts !	1
now, until dawn, each fairy wander through this house.	1
o iago!	1
no, i assure you; the wall is down that parted their fathers.	1
come ,  driver !	1
oberon is really angry and annoyed, because she, just like her attendant, has a lovely boy, that was stolen from an indian king; she has never had so sweet a baby that was stolen.	1
o weary calculations !	1
did you have to give them everything ?	1
say from whence you owe this strange intelligence ,  or why upon this blasted heath you stop our way with such prophetic greeting ?	1
afore me ,  it is so very very late that we may call it early by - and - by .	1
i want to get to know you as well, good master mustardseed.	1
if thou speak’st false ,  upon the next tree shall thou hang alive till famine cling thee .	1
and i his clerk; so be well advised how you leave me to my own protection.	1
he’s fat ,  and scant of breath . — here ,  hamlet ,  take my napkin ,  rub thy brows .	1
we would have liked to have heard your good advice ,  which has always been serious and helpful ,  at the council today ,  but we’ll wait until tomorrow .	1
i beg you, stay seated.	1
it’s brabantio .	1
o life !	1
go to ,  woman ,  throw your vile guesses in the devil’s teeth from whence you have them .	1
you'll not endure him!	1
and thus it may be .	1
where’s lady portia ?	1
the fiend is rough and will not be roughly used .	1
if thou canst love a fellow of this temper ,  kate ,  whose face is not worth sunburning ,  that never looks in his glass for love of anything he sees there ,  let thine eye be thy cook .	1
the poor soul sat sighing by a sycamore tree ,  sing all a green willow; her hand on her bosom ,  her head on her knee ,  sing willow ,  willow ,  willow .	1
from top to toe?	1
o, a chair, a chair!	1
and so do i.	1
life's but a walking shadow, a poor player that struts and frets his hour upon the stage and then is heard no more.	1
abide within.	1
oh !	1
virtue itself doesn’t aim at lying deeds .	1
a good and virtuous nature may recoil in an charge by a king.	1
i hear horses.	1
prithee, horatio, tell me one thing.	1
have you had quiet guard?	1
i had a richard too ,  and thou did’st kill him; i had a rutland too; thou holp’st to kill him .	1
committed ?	1
indeed he is not fit.	1
come ,  let’s continue on toward your father’s house .	1
tis well ,  sir ,  that you hunted for yourself .	1
i would it might be hangers till then.	1
master young man ,  you ,  i pray you ,  which is the way to master jew’s ?	1
i’ve heard many of the noblest romans—next to immortal caesar—speaking of you ,  complaining of the tyranny of today’s government ,  and wishing that your eyes were working better .	1
madam ,  if you could find out but a man to bear a poison ,  i would temper it ,  that romeo should ,  upon receipt thereof ,  soon sleep in quiet .	1
this relief only makes your sickly days longer .	1
you couldn’t see him ,  but i could .	1
o most bloody sight!	1
list a brief tale ,  and when ’tis told ,  oh ,  that my heart would burst !	1
i’m done.	1
this guest of summer ,  the temple - haunting martlet ,  does approve by his loved mansionry that the heaven's breath smells wooingly here .	1
when it is lighted, come and call me here.	1
approach the chamber, and destroy your sight with a new monster to turn you to stone.	1
all hail ,  macbeth !	1
would i were sleep and peace, so sweet to rest!	1
wilt thou know the effect of what i wrote?	1
i hope this play is well cast now .	1
but if you don’t mean well, i beg you, madam!	1
what ,  strike his wife !	1
it may be ,  these apparent prodigies ,  the unaccustomed terror of this night ,  and the persuasion of his augurers may hold him from the capitol today .	1
at a word ,  i am not .	1
my countrymen,— peace!	1
o ,  what a rogue and peasant slave am i !	1
do the boys carry it away ?	1
was milan thrust from milan, that his issue should become kings of naples?	1
a tiny spot of evil casts doubt on their good qualities and ruins their reputations .	1
nay ,  but ask my opinion too of that .	1
who's in there?	1
have you questioned him at all ?	1
if he come tomorrow ,  i’ll give him his payment .	1
halt!	1
that may be must be, love, on thursday next.	1
let it alone ,  thou fool; it is but trash .	1
for i never saw true beauty till this night .	1
but prepare yourself for some unpleasantness .	1
but say ,  i prithee ,  is he coming home ?	1
good man ,  even now ,  remember whom you have aboard .	1
she thinks i’ll marry her because she loves me .	1
come, death, and welcome!	1
yes ,  sir .	1
a gentleman ,  nurse ,  that loves to hear himself talk and will speak more in a minute than he will stand to in a month .	1
caesar ,  the clock has struck eight .	1
i hear my father coming .	1
but make amends now .	1
uncouple in the western valley .	1
o wherefore ,  nature ,  didst thou lions frame ?	1
no wonder she’s waiting to get married .	1
tarry ,  sweet beatrice .	1
what is it, ophelia, that he has said to you?	1
it will be laid to us, whose providence should have kept short, restrain'd, and out of haunt this mad young man.	1
o good sir, i do.	1
but let this speaking be done now, even while men's minds are wild, lest more mischance on plots and errors happen.	1
your renowned uncle ,  duke menaphon ,  the famous soldier ,  brought me here .	1
still thou mistakest ,  or else committ'st thy knaveries wilfully .	1
you’re welcome here .	1
the king comes here tonight .	1
but we have reason to cool our raging motions ,  our carnal stings ,  our unbitted lusts .	1
how fine my master is!	1
this is a knavery of them to make me afeard .	1
a sailor's wife had chestnuts in her lap ,  and munched ,  and munched ,  and munched .	1
bring him before us .	1
stand !	1
most sacrilegious murder hath broke ope the lord's anointed temple and stole thence the life o’ the building .	1
and although we’re giving these honors to this man so that he shares some of the blame for what we’re doing ,  he’ll carry these honors like a jackass carries gold—groaning and sweating under the load ,  either led or pushed ,  as we direct him .	1
god in heaven bless her !	1
here; what would my lord?	1
my most dear gloucester !	1
nothing ,  neither way .	1
he’s married ,  madam .	1
i have this present evening from my sister been well informed of them—and with such cautions that if they come to sojourn at my house i’ll not be there .	1
if he have the condition of a saint and the complexion of a devil ,  i had rather he should shrive me than wive me .	1
you do the same ,  wherever the crowds are thick .	1
yet i insisted, yet you answer'd not, but with an angry wafture of your hand gave sign for me to leave you.	1
i drink to the general joy of the whole table ,  and to our dear friend banquo ,  whom we miss .	1
mistrust of good success hath done this deed .	1
isn’t he the one who’s always ,  ”  and so on .	1
canidius ,  take our nineteen	1
hope with good cause is swift; it flies as fast as a swallow .	1
true, i talk of dreams, which are the children of an idle brain, born of nothing but vain fantasy; which is as thin of substance as the air, and more inconstant than the wind, who courts, even now, the frozen heart of the north, and, being angered, puffs away from there, turning his face to the dew-dropping south.	1
tis something ,  nothing: 'twas mine ,  ’tis his ,  and has been slave to thousands .	1
i have fair meanings ,  sir .	1
even a toy in hand here ,  sir .	1
it shall go to the barber's, to be cut with your beard.	1
patience perhaps meeting with a willful temper makes my flesh tremble in their differences .	1
three proper young men of excellent growth and presence .	1
take thou that.	1
do you think i would live a life of jealousy ,  tormented by new suspicions every hour ?	1
die and be damned ,  and  it is well .	1
we wish your peace .	1
i found that handkerchief by accident and gave it to my husband .	1
you’re perfect ,  without a rival in the world ,  made up of the best qualities of every creature .	1
we shall find of him a shrewd contriver .	1
hold your position ,  good fate ,  for his hanging !	1
the original story was written in the finest italian .	1
at this same ancient feast of capulet's, the fair rosaline whom you love so much will have supper; with all the admired beauties of verona.	1
my uncle ?	1
it’s like a monster that just grows and grows ,  out of nothing .	1
but now i have joyful new for you, girl.	1
but come ,  for england !	1
what, shall this speech be spoke for our excuse?	1
and her sister by her is poisoned .	1
i was killed in the capitol .	1
i swear to her that i haven’t ,  but it doesn’t change anything .	1
now romeo is beloved ,  and loves again ,  both of them bewitched by the charm of looks; but he must complain to his supposed enemy ,  and she must steal love's sweet bait from fearful hooks .	1
what would you like ?	1
to what end, my lord?	1
untimely comes this hurt .	1
from now on ,  i’ll never be  “ romeo .  ”  what man are you who ,  wrapped in the cover of night ,  stumbles on my private thoughts ?	1
my mistress ,  ”  i said .	1
mad as the sea and wind when both contend which is the mightier .	1
they were paid to betray their master .	1
you’re appealing to a son who hates you .	1
the river in monmouth is called wye ,  but the name of the other river has gone out of my head .	1
love, therefore, and tongue-tied simplicity speaking the least means most to me.	1
but that’s not part of what i’m supposed to say .	1
what ,  jealous oberon ? —fairies ,  skip hence .	1
so ,  by heaven’s decree ,  rosalind was composed of different faces ,  eyes ,  and hearts ,  so that she might have the most prized touches of all .	1
this above all: to thine own self be true, and it must follow, as the night the day, thou canst not then be false to any man.	1
it is a monster fathered by itself ,  born of itself .	1
where i have learned how to repent the sin of my stubbornness and disobedience to you and your requests; and i am commanded by holy lawrence to fall flat on the floor here, to beg your forgiveness.	1
am not i christopher sly ,  old sly’s son of burton heath ,  by birth a peddler ,  by education a cardmaker ,  by transmutation a bearherd ,  and now by present profession a tinker ?	1
much good do you ,  scald knave ,  heartily .	1
you’re welcome ,  sir ,  and he for your good sake .	1
as clearly as i see you ,  my lord .	1
away!	1
that’s me you’re talking about ,  the playful wanderer of the night .	1
well; tell me now, what lady is the same to whom you swore a secret pilgrimage, that you to-day promis'd to tell me of?	1
how happy can some other  “ other ”  be !	1
come on !	1
at the duke's oak we meet.	1
the villain won’t escape .	1
why ,  so i did ,  but looked for no reply .	1
fare you well .	1
soft you now !	1
no, pray thee, let it serve for table-talk; then, howso'er thou speak'st, 'mong other things i shall digest it.	1
but ,  sith i am entered in this cause so far ,  pricked to ’t by foolish honesty and love ,  i will go on .	1
oh ,  noble caesar !	1
ay ,  is ’t ,  i warrant him .	1
ha ,  portia ?	1
are you a man ?	1
let’s alone ,  and do the murder first .	1
look out ,  here she comes .	1
nay, good, be patient.	1
you must call forth the watch that are their accusers .	1
what's the matter?	1
my wife !	1
well ,  hello there ,  horatio !	1
in just an hour from now ,  duchess of york ,  i’ll be saluting you as the mother of two beautiful queens .	1
disgusting slave ,  in which any type of goodness won’t take hold ,  being capable of every evil !	1
so give me your answer ,  and we’ll shake on it .	1
before you can say  “ come ”  and  “ go ,  ”  and breathe twice and cry  “ so ,  so !  ”  each one ,  tripping on his toe ,	1
for aught that i could ever read ,  could ever hear by tale or history ,  the course of true love never did run smooth .	1
this is the air ,  that’s the glorious sun .	1
what is she ?	1
i pray you and beseech you that you will .	1
no ,  faith ,  my lord .	1
my tears shall be spent, when theirs are dry, for romeo's banishment.	1
it’s not the right time to play .	1
we'll leave you ,  brutus ,  and ,  friends ,  disperse yourselves ,  but all remember what you have said and show yourselves true romans .	1
and look to have it yielded with all kindness .	1
and i have reason for it .	1
i am no prostitute ,  but have life as honest as you that abuse me like this .	1
marry ,  he told me so himself; and he said he cared not who knew it .	1
flout them and scout them; and scout them and flout them: thought is free.	1
if the tag-rag people did not clap him and hiss him according as he pleased and displeased them, as they use to do the players in the theatre, i am no true man.	1
oh ,  lovely .	1
lorenzo and his infidel?	1
may you stead me?	1
show!	1
youth to itself rebels ,  though none else near .	1
i do, mark antony.	1
there’s a time for all things .	1
god save the king!	1
help ,  charmian ,  help ,  iras ,  help !	1
so may you lose your arms .	1
yes, and this.	1
he is well paid that is well satisfied: and i, delivering you, am satisfied, and therein do account myself well paid; my mind was never yet more mercenary.	1
it’s cinna .	1
in such a night pretty jessica ,  like a little witch ,  lied about her love ,  and he forgave her .	1
when i told you my state was nothing ,  i should then have told you that i was worse than nothing ,  for indeed i have engaged myself to a dear friend ,  engaged my friend to his mere enemy to feed my means .	1
thou coward ,  art thou bragging to the stars ,  telling the bushes that thou look'st for wars ,  and wilt not come ?	1
but let her live .	1
i shall be reconciled to him again .	1
the world's a huge thing; it is a great price for a final vice.	1
you tremble and look pale .	1
i am the youngest of that name ,  for fault of a worse .	1
fare thee well!	1
and in part him ,  but , ’ you may say ,  ‘not well .	1
my lord of warwick and my brother gloucester ,  follow fluellen at a close distance .	1
you speak all your part at once ,  cues and all . —pyramus ,  enter .	1
my god ,  this is unbelievably strange .	1
and he doesn’t let go of his target when a distraction appears .	1
read the will !	1
under love's heavy burden do i sink.	1
that’s all one .	1
i’ve set dangerous plans in motion ,  using lies ,  drunken prophecies ,  and stories about dreams to set my brother clarence and the king against each other .	1
hail, brave friend!	1
hark how our steeds for present service neigh .	1
not a jot ,  not a jot .	1
o ,  everlasting shame !	1
lysander riddles very prettily.	1
who ,  hero ?	1
their sweet air being gone, take them back again, because to the noble mind rich gifts grow poor when the givers prove unkind.	1
good enobarbus ,  ’tis a worthy deed ,  and shall become you well ,  to entreat your captain to soft and gentle speech .	1
get away from me ,  witch !  ”  the fat woman cried .	1
thou art so far before ,  that swiftest wing of recompense is slow to overtake thee .	1
since his majesty went into the field ,  i have seen her rise from her bed ,  throw her nightgown upon her ,  unlock her closet ,  take forth paper ,  fold it ,  write upon't ,  read it ,  afterwards seal it ,  and again return to bed; yet all this while in a most fast sleep .	1
keep the door.	1
these foils have all a length?	1
you ,  prince ,  are the man who can give me justice .	1
may you stead me ?	1
what's the matter ,  lady ?	1
will you go ahead ?	1
and so it is, truly; and very notably acted.	1
the will of man is persuaded by his reason, and reason says you are the worthier maid.	1
i commend my duty to your lordship .	1
to these injunctions every one doth swear, that comes to hazard for my worthless self.	1
shall ,  antipholus ,  even in the spring of love thy love - springs rot ?	1
no ,  guiltiness will speak even if tongues are out of use .	1
no ,  calm down .	1
she said something she shouldn’t have said ,  i’m sure of that .	1
we have to strike while the iron’s hot .	1
none but a holy hermit and her maid .	1
what was thy cause ?	1
mistress !	1
there’s none but witches do inhabit here ,  and therefore ’tis high time that i were hence .	1
don’t stay to question what happened ,  because the guard is coming .	1
well ,  it doesn’t matter .	1
i have broken his command not to say so.	1
come, i will give you way for these your letters, and do't the speedier that you may direct me to him from whom you brought them.	1
i'll know his disposition when he knows the right time .	1
why dost thou spit at me ?	1
jailer ,  look to him .	1
and then came pyramus.	1
so, i beg you, go with me.	1
this my mean task would be as heavy to me as odious ,  but the mistress which i serve quickens what's dead and makes my labours pleasures .	1
but till this afternoon his passion ne'er brake into extremity of rage .	1
twas a rough night .	1
o notable strumpet!	1
my lord, i have mementos of yours that i have longed to re-deliver to you for a long time.	1
for instance ,  our husbands	1
if he cannot ,  let the botcher mend him .	1
tis no matter how it be in tune ,  so it make noise enough .	1
our good old friend ,  lay comforts to your bosom ,  and bestow your needful counsel to our business ,  which craves the instant use .	1
i wish you and your scarred self had convinced me to wage our last battle on land .	1
come; brands ,  oh !	1
no ,  when i have a favor to ask where i mean to touch your love indeed ,  it shall be full of confidence and heavy ,  and fearful to be granted .	1
let’s have the tongs and the bones .	1
you’re as pale as your nightgown !	1
nay ,  i care not for their names .	1
yes .	1
then octavia’s complaints will rouse caesar ,  and as i said before ,  the thing that brought them together will part them .	1
he will stay until you come .	1
well, i may chance to see you, for i would very fain speak with you.	1
here’s the friar ready .	1
oh ,  you should have done it without telling me !	1
he found it then; i never gave it to him .	1
the young generation rises while the old one falls .	1
one word more ,  good lady .	1
i gave my love a ring and made him swear never to part with it .	1
why ,  love ?	1
it is a pretty youth—not very pretty— but sure he’s proud—and yet his pride becomes him .	1
though i wish you were dead ,  i’m not going to be the one to kill you .	1
peter ,  did you ever see anything like it ?	1
even the best jewel can be tarnished .	1
oh noble lord ,  consider your lineage .	1
tush ,  i may as well say the fool’s the fool .	1
i know you’ve that virtue, brutus, as well as i know your face.	1
go with me to the vault.	1
you must say  “ paragon .  ”  a  “ paramour ”  is ,  god bless us ,  a thing of naught .	1
what did you say ,  my dear nurse ?	1
you won’t be wasting your time ,  because i really can sing and talk to him about many different kinds of music ,  so he’ll be happy to have me in his service .	1
it’s the smartest partition i’ve ever heard speak ,  my lord .	1
in religion ,  what damned error is there that some sober face will bless it ,  and approve it with a text ,  hiding the grossness with a beautiful ornament ?	1
o ,  the sun shall never see that tomorrow !	1
therefore your grace may well say i have lost it .	1
who ?	1
and for my means, i'll husband them so well, they shall go far with little.	1
o perjured woman ,  thou dost stone my heart ,  and mak’st me call what i intend to do a murder ,  which i thought a sacrifice !	1
how ,  how i pray you ?	1
and you'll keep it secret?	1
madam ,  the young gentleman of the count orsino’s is returned .	1
come ,  let’s all take hands till that the conquering wine hath steeped our sense in soft and delicate lethe .	1
i will do anything ,  nerissa ,  ere i will be married to a sponge .	1
well ,  i may chance to see you ,  for i would very fain speak with you .	1
no ,  truly ,  sir; not a penny .	1
lady ,  amen .	1
if you choose that one ,  i’m yours ,  along with the picture .	1
for you to do it would be good service .	1
gentlemen ,  please try to sharpen his interest even more ,  and let this play do him some good .	1
gracious england hath lent us good siward and ten thousand men; an older and a better soldier none that christendom gives out .	1
now ,  god help thee ,  poor monkey !	1
let us toward the king.	1
he may win; and what is music then ?	1
she knows the heat of a luxurious bed .	1
saints do not move ,  though grant for prayers' sake .	1
and pardon me, my gentle gratiano; for that same scrubbed boy, the doctor's clerk, in lieu of this last night did lie with me.	1
an i do not— come ,  let’s see the event .	1
and yet it is almost against my conscience .	1
do you have to harp on my inadequacy ?	1
i never heard so musical a discord ,  such sweet thunder .	1
where is my lord?	1
for ,  my good liege ,  she is so idly kinged ,  her scepter so fantastically borne by a vain ,  giddy ,  shallow ,  humorous youth ,  that fear attends her not .	1
away with the joint-stools, remove the court-cupboard, look to the plate.	1
you come not like caesar’s sister .	1
here are the beetle brows shall blush for me.	1
do so, good messala.	1
thou shalt go back ,  i warrant thee !	1
i am so much a fool ,  should i stay longer ,  it would be my disgrace and your discomfort .	1
is this the same moor whom the senate considers so capable ?	1
i’ll tell him all of this ,  dear lady .	1
thou hast .	1
for heaven's sake, help me!	1
would i ever deny you anything ?	1
go seek him out; speak fair ,  and bring the body into the chapel .	1
no, i’ve got another engagement.	1
he brings me liberty .	1
mend your speech a little ,  lest you may mar your fortunes .	1
a laughter .	1
wake up my whole household !	1
she's a most exquisite lady .	1
alas ,  malvolio ,  this is not my writing ,  though ,  i confess ,  much like the character .	1
nothing that interests me ,  my good lord .	1
i don’t know what i shall think of that; but i am launcelot, the jew's man, and i am sure margery your wife is my mother.	1
he'll watch the clock all night if drink doesn’t rock his cradle .	1
cassio shall have my place .	1
give me your hand ,  and explain your situation to me .	1
but woo her ,  gentle paris ,  get her heart; my will to her consent is but a part .	1
be brave like the lion and proud .	1
they are of norway, sir.	1
she well instructs me .	1
isn’t this true?	1
well, let’s get to our work.	1
but not in heaven .	1
they never meet but there’s a skirmish of wit between them .	1
an excellent courtesy !	1
if we ,  with thrice such powers left at home ,  cannot defend our own doors from the dog ,  let us be worried ,  and our nation lose the name of hardiness and policy .	1
hamlet ,  thou art slain; no medicine in the world can do thee good .	1
nor know i aught by me that's said or done amiss this night; unless self-charity be sometimes a vice, and to defend ourselves it be a sin when violence assails us.	1
i cannot tell; i make it breed as fast as ewes and rams.	1
my lord ,  i have mementos of yours that i have longed to re - deliver to you for a long time .	1
are you ?	1
i cannot believe that in her; she is full of very blessed qualities .	1
then you’ll be able to cheer  if he were dead ,  what would happen to me ?	1
if i could make that resemble something in me—softly !	1
i will not sort you with the rest of my servants; for, to speak to you like an honest man, i am most dreadfully attended.	1
tis the infirmity of his age .	1
marry, if he that writ it had played pyramus, and hanged himself in thisbe's garter, it would have been a fine tragedy.	1
why ,  what are you ?	1
madam ,  although i speak it in your presence ,  you have a noble and a true conceit of god - like amity; which appears most strongly in bearing thus the absence of your lord .	1
the powers of the kingdom approach apace .	1
gregory ,  remember how to slash .	1
we'll not run, monsieur monster.	1
farewell ,  good strato .	1
i do not fear it ,  i have seen you both; but since he is better'd ,  we have therefore odds .	1
o you gods, make me worthy of this noble wife!	1
i will not rise unless your highness hear me .	1
yes ,  a little too sweet .	1
give me to know how this foul rout began, who set it on, and he that is approved in this offense, though he had twinn'd with me, both at a birth, shall lose me.	1
my noble uncle ,  do you know why he acts this way ?	1
bully-monster, coragio!	1
blow me about in winds!	1
i don’t like the job; but, since i am entered already so far into this cause, encouraged to it by foolish honesty and love, i will go on.	1
a particle of dust will turn the balance ,  which pyramus ,  which thisbe ,  is the better .	1
serve you ,  sir .	1
but then i do you wrong to say as much ,  since you are the very embodiment of bravery .	1
it’s a letter from my brother that i haven’t finished reading yet .	1
i wonder why none of you’ve thought about him .	1
i have it!	1
he will if he lives long enough to become a man .	1
searching the window for a flint i found this paper thus seal'd up ,  and i am sure it did not lie there when i went to bed .	1
will it not be?	1
though we have lost a generous king ,  we are about to enjoy the benefits of a new king .	1
thou shalt hold the opinion of pythagoras ere i will allow of thy wits ,  and fear to kill a woodcock lest thou dispossess the soul of thy grandam .	1
go to; well said ,  well said .	1
here's loud knocking indeed!	1
that they lack ,  for if their heads had any intellectual armor ,  they could never wear such heavy head - pieces .	1
when the wind is southerly i know a hawk from a handsaw .	1
this lanthorn doth the horned moon present; myself the man i' the moon do seem to be.	1
peace, oh!	1
tybalt would have killed you, but you killed tybalt.	1
and he’s not going to do any tomorrow .	1
tell her we mean her no disrespect .	1
o perjured woman !	1
i am glad on't .	1
no, my lord.	1
let me find him, fortune!	1
mark it .	1
go to the tomb of your great - grandfather ,  from whom your own title to the crown derives .	1
oh ,  help !	1
who now the price of his dear blood doth owe ?	1
no, not for venice.	1
it shall be done .	1
am i not stay'd for ,  cinna ?	1
good night ,  mother .	1
that it did, sir, i’ the very throat on me: but i requited him for his lie, and, i think, being too strong for him, though he took up my legs sometime, yet i made a shift to cast him.	1
then you live about her waist ,  or in the middle of her favors ?	1
pharmacist !	1
he is in heaven ,  where you will never go .	1
cousin ,  there's fall'n between him and my lord an unkind breech; but you shall make all well .	1
who's there?	1
there is some ill a - brewing towards my rest ,  for i did dream of money bags tonight .	1
we'll teach you to drink deep ere you depart.	1
doth thy other mouth call me ?	1
no lady could be more miserable than i if you two disagree .	1
the lover, all as frantic, sees helen's beauty in a brow of egypt.	1
a sword’s too heavy for you to wear .	1
stop ,  daughter .	1
come ,  my spade .	1
in such a time as this ,  it isn’t fair that every silly offense should uphold his criticism .	1
most true .	1
thou dost infect mine eyes .	1
his roguish madness allows itself to any thing .	1
hast thou slain tybalt ?	1
the baron of cawdor lives, a prosperous gentleman; and for me to be king is beyond belief, no more than to be baron of cawdor.	1
hello ,  iago .	1
swear by my sword .	1
if your love do not persuade you to come ,  let not my letter .  ”  o love ,  dispatch all business and be gone !	1
and harm is getting close !	1
you look wearily .	1
set him before me; let me see his face.	1
antonio ,  gratify this gentleman ,  for ,  in my mind ,  you are much bound to him .	1
we hear our bloody cousins are bestow'd in england and in ireland ,  not confessing their cruel parricide ,  filling their hearers with strange invention .	1
then turn your noble face away from me ,  that face that the whole world adores .	1
if it’s found to be so, someone will dearly pay for it.	1
and ,  so his death bell is rung .	1
he poisons him in the garden for his estate .	1
take it off and throw it away.	1
where are you ,  death ?	1
thou art my love, i think.	1
good night then ,  casca .	1
what do i see on you ?	1
my lord ?	1
beautiful tyrant!	1
i'd believe as quickly that this whole earth may be bored, and that the moon may creep through the centre and so disrupt her brother's noontide with the other side of the world.	1
it’s strange ,  strange .	1
men that flow backward indeed ,  most often ,  run too near to the bottom by their own fear or laziness .	1
brutus hath rived my heart.	1
did you hear the news that’s going around ?	1
that’s right ,  uncle ,  talk to your heart ,  like the  good morning to you both .	1
what is it you said?	1
speak ,  an if you hear; speak ,  of all loves !	1
my good lord ,  will you see the players well taken care of ?	1
i have done no harm.	1
my present business calls me from you now .	1
she speaks .	1
for pity’s sake, for pity’s sake!	1
yes ,  yes ,  it was bassanio ,  i think ,  or so he was called .	1
my child is yet a stranger in the world .	1
i see you’ve met with the jeweler .	1
we trifle time; i pray thee pursue sentence .	1
there are enemies here .	1
signed ,     the poorly treated malvolio .  ”  did he write this ?	1
o me, o me!	1
that you love my daughter to spite your soul .	1
eat and sleep .	1
and, if your wife is not a madwoman, and knows how much i have deserved this ring, she would not hold out in being your enemy forever for giving it to me.	1
but why, villain, did you kill my cousin?	1
go take care of him .	1
i am much bound to you .	1
tyrant ,  show thy face !	1
what, art a heathen?	1
what's the matter ?	1
call'd you ,  my lord ?	1
if that may be ,  then all is well .	1
farewell !	1
dead?	1
rubbish !	1
that will require some tears in the true performance of it .	1
soft, by and by.	1
thus losers part .	1
why in that rawness left you wife and child, those precious motives, those strong knots of love, without leave-taking?	1
here he is ,  here he is .	1
what have you done ,  my lord ,  with the dead body ?	1
titinius, if thou lovest me, mount thou my horse and hide thy spurs in him, till he have brought thee up to yonder troops and here again, that i may rest assured whether yond troops are friend or enemy.	1
he will keep that good name still .	1
o ,  my lord ,  my lord ,  i have been so affrighted !	1
and yet it is almost against my conscience .	1
i thought i was in love with a donkey.	1
my master is the great rich capulet; and if you be not of the house of montagues, i pray, come and crush a cup of wine.	1
my noble brother !	1
look where he comes .	1
you’re bothering me .	1
but who would dare tell her ?	1
but if you would consider the true cause why all these fires, why all these gliding ghosts, why birds and beasts from quality and kind, why old men fool, and children calculate, why all these things change from their ordinance, their natures and preformed faculties, to monstrous quality, why, you shall find that heaven hath infused them with these spirits to make them instruments of fear and warning unto some monstrous state.	1
this is the imposthume of much wealth and peace ,  that inward breaks ,  and shows no cause without why the man dies .	1
i don’t care about my sincerity, but i could accuse myself of such things that it were better my mother had not had me.	1
o ,  pale !	1
that he has used you .	1
give me your hand .	1
you’ve got it.	1
yes ,  caesar ?	1
not i ,  my lord .	1
for your part, to you our swords have leaden points, mark antony; our arms in strength of malice, and our hearts of brothers' temper, do receive you in with all kind love, good thoughts, and reverence.	1
o, insupportable!	1
alack the day !	1
i’ll look over the inscriptions again .	1
there’s not a one of them but in his house i keep a servant fee’d .	1
o momentary grace of mortal men ,  which we more hunt for than the grace of god !	1
i met him in the street—he was there with that man .	1
what’s that noise ?	1
as manhood shall compound .	1
this kindness will i show .	1
but i would be loath to fall into my dreams again .	1
lead me to where you’re standing .	1
are they married ,  think you ?	1
your words and actions don’t match up .	1
i’ll to my charge .	1
the king is a thing— a thing ,  my lord ?	1
no king of england if not king of france .	1
who’s the one who’s going out the door right now ?	1
you won’t ,  then ?	1
didst thou not hear their shouts ?	1
but speak ,  egeus .	1
what ,  rouse thee ,  man !	1
say, if thou'dst rather hear it from our mouths, or from our masters?	1
bring the villain forth.	1
what’s that trumpet ?	1
but how ?	1
i’ve never been your enemy .	1
madam, here comes my lord.	1
what is this ?	1
farewell ,  father .	1
go ,  keep us company ,  and we shall make full satisfaction . — thirty - three years have i but gone in travail of you ,  my sons ,  and till this present hour my heavy burden ne'er deliverèd . — the duke ,  my husband ,  and my children both ,  and you ,  the calendars of their nativity ,  go to a gossips' feast ,  and go with me .	1
so, good night unto you all.	1
tis evermore the prologue to his sleep .	1
alack ,  alack ,  that heaven should practise stratagems upon so soft a subject as myself !	1
i swear to you ,  many members of your mustard family have made my eyes water before .	1
fie on't!	1
he is in heaven ,  where thou shalt never come .	1
a conduit ,  girl ?	1
be quiet ,  you are antonio .	1
let the earth hide you !	1
out, tawny tartar, out!	1
alas ,  poor shepherd ,  searching of thy wound ,  i have by hard adventure found mine own .	1
no, cassius, for the eye sees not itself but by reflection, by some other things.	1
yes ,  very well ,  my lord .	1
if i think so ,  i think the same of you .	1
what if i strayed no further ,  but chose here ?	1
look over your lines again .	1
listen to me ,  for i have something to tell you .	1
but was this near the shore ?	1
tis he ,  that villain romeo .	1
swear .	1
who’s there ?	1
some villain has told lies about me .	1
o gentle son, sprinkle cool patience on the heat and flame of your anger!	1
peace, peace!	1
this is caesar you’re looking at .	1
yea ,  ”  quoth my husband ,   “ fall’st upon thy face ?	1
what had he done to you?	1
where did they vanished to?	1
if anyone here knows a better way to tame a shrew ,  speak up ,  please .	1
i am thane of cawdor .	1
i have heard that julius caesar grew fat with feasting there .	1
he hath ,  my lord; but be you well assured ,  no more than he'll unswear .	1
let’s carry him in triumph to his house !	1
obey ,  and go with me ,  because you must die .	1
my breath and blood !	1
where are they ?	1
her father loved me ,  oft invited me ,  still questioned me the story of my life from year to year ,  the battles ,  sieges ,  fortunes ,  that i have passed .	1
his son is elder, sir; his son is thirty.	1
what’s the matter ?	1
we must be patient.	1
she is daughter to this famous duke of milan ,  who i have so often heard has a great reputation ,  but that i never saw before; of whom i have received a second life: and this lady makes him a second father to me .	1
why would titania want to argue with her oberon ?	1
that would hang us ,  every mother’s son .	1
what ,  sir ,  not in bed yet ?	1
but while i say one prayer !	1
you shall hear more .	1
a hit, a hit that was felt.	1
that’s true .	1
if she live long ,  and in the end meet the old course of death ,  women will all turn monsters .	1
one scene of it comes near the circumstances, which i have told you, of my father's death.	1
give him this money and these notes, reynaldo.	1
goodbye.	1
delay not ,  caesar; read it instantly .	1
what support did we have besides our father ?	1
have you heard of them ?	1
be not too tame neither; but let your own discretion be your tutor .	1
o heaven !	1
no matter what you say ,  my father is not dead .	1
well ,  in that hit ,  you miss .	1
he is my prisoner ,  and you shall not have him .	1
it’s a lucky sign ,  isn’t it ?	1
now ,  you blasphemer ,  who sent grace overboard with swearing ,  don’t you have an oath on shore ?	1
ross: his absence ,  sir ,  lays blame upon his promise .	1
oh ,  i have suffered with those that i saw suffer .	1
indeed?	1
but ,  sir ,  take my advice .	1
do it now .	1
under the earth .	1
why do you show me this ?	1
under what title shall i woo for thee ,  that god ,  the law ,  my honor and her love can make seem pleasing to her tender years ?	1
o dear account !	1
i see you’re all determined to gang up on me for a few laughs .	1
if that means i don’t care about anything ,  you should disappear right now ,  since you’re nothing .	1
from this moment the very first wishes of my heart shall be the firs actions of my hand.	1
you cannot feed capons so .	1
what is here ?	1
are you of good or evil ?	1
why, go to bed and sleep.	1
he will come right away.	1
pitiful sight!	1
why, the wrong is but a wrong in the world; and having the world for your work, it is a wrong in your own world, and you might quickly make it right.	1
i will leave here tonight .	1
nay, that's not your way.	1
and ,  i think ,  if my breast had not been made of faith ,  and my heart of steel ,  she had transformed me to a curtal dog and made me turn i' th' wheel .	1
the black rooster ,  so black of hue ,  with orange - tawny bill ,  the thrush with his note so true ,  the wren with little quill .	1
the prince has done neither; therefore ,  in my opinion ,  he isn’t really protected by sanctuary .	1
i’m amazed how similar you and your daughters are .	1
if this were true, then should i know this secret.	1
good hermia ,  don’t be so angry with me .	1
some dungeon .	1
it was of some nobility.	1
uneven is the course; i like it not.	1
don’t worry ,  i’ll be there .	1
and now, good sweetheart, tell me your opinion, how do you like lord bassanio's wife?	1
who’s calling ?	1
front to front bring thou this fiend of scotland and myself .	1
no ,  you were one of gneius pompey’s leftovers—not to mention your other ,  more depraved affairs ,  which have somehow managed to avoid becoming the subject of vulgar gossip .	1
a second daniel ,  a daniel ,  jew !	1
i have within my mind a thousand raw tricks of these bragging jacks which i will practice .	1
i have forgot why i did call thee back .	1
my lord ,  i have some mementos of yours that i’ve been meaning to give back to you for a long time now .	1
what a caterwauling do you keep here !	1
we’ll not run ,  monsieur monster .	1
let us come in ,  that we may bind him fast and bear him home for his recovery .	1
approach .	1
alas, my lord, your wisdom is consumed in confidence!	1
o ,  i’m very much afraid that some evil ,  unlucky thing has happened .	1
what does this mean?	1
dolabella .	1
i’ll disguise myself as you and pour out  “ my ”  feelings to hero ,  taking her prisoner with the force of my love story .	1
i peace !	1
so ,  slave ,  hence !	1
he cannot prevail with me .	1
it beckons you to go away with it ,  as if it some impartment did desire to you alone .	1
please pardon our brother clarence .	1
hang, cur, hang, you whoreson, insolent noise- maker!	1
look in the calendar and bring me word.	1
oh ,  oh ,  oh !	1
i am glad to see you well .	1
who calls hamlet?	1
here ,  catch this box .	1
repays he my deep service with such deep contempt ?	1
my good lord!	1
what a blunt fellow is this grown to be !	1
i’m not a doddering old fool who brags about the things he did when he was young ,  and what he would do now if he weren’t so old .	1
o lord ,  i could stay here all night listening to such good advice .	1
i don’t think you would .	1
this is not altogether fool ,  my lord .	1
alas, what ignorant sin have i committed?	1
what place ?	1
welcome, my good friends!	1
then ,  i’ll give it to you as payment .	1
ah me !	1
what wound did ever heal but by degrees ?	1
if not ,  then i’m a liar .	1
just then ,  they sailed away from our ship ,  so only i became their prisoner .	1
what if it tempts you toward the ocean, my lord, or to the dreadful summit of the cliff that hangs so threateningly over his base into the sea, and once there, assumes some other horrible form which might deprive you of the ability to think, and draw you into madness?	1
i cannot tell.	1
i can explain it, at least, what’s on the grapevine.	1
good sir ,  be a man; think every bearded fellow that's but yoked may draw with you .	1
helen, it is not so.	1
now ,  soldiers ,  advance .	1
it is rather cold ,  indeed ,  my lord .	1
pretty soul !	1
reputation is an idle and most false imposition; oft got without merit and lost without deserving .	1
caesar ,  i never believed in omens ,  but now they frighten me .	1
how can it be otherwise?	1
but where is he ?	1
and you ,  good sir .	1
again !	1
back you shall not to the house ,  unless you undertake that with me which with as much safety you might answer him .	1
ay ,  madam .	1
aren’t the mayor and his fellow citizens coming ?	1
but you’re all wound up about fashion ,  too .	1
ho!	1
i cannot tell .	1
call you ?	1
i pray ,  weep not .	1
who is to blame for this: antony or i ?	1
give me my robe ,  because i’m going .	1
but thou wouldst not think how ill all's here about my heart.	1
no ,  caesar ,  we will answer on their charge .	1
pay attention, pay attention, for such people die miserable.	1
tell me how you have disposed of the king's ship ,  the sailors ,  and all the rest of the fleet ?	1
had i as many sons as i have hairs, i would not wish them to a fairer death.	1
i have to leave right away .	1
titinius ,  if thou lovest me ,  mount thou my horse and hide thy spurs in him ,  till he have brought thee up to yonder troops and here again ,  that i may rest assured whether yond troops are friend or enemy .	1
i'll find romeo to comfort you .	1
their dying shouts broke my heart !	1
to his conveyance i assign my wife ,  with what else needful your good grace shall think to be sent after me .	1
why?	1
that is done too ,  sir: only ,  cover is the word .	1
thou dost here usurp the name thou ow'st not; and hast put thyself upon this island as a spy ,  to win it from me ,  the lord on't .	1
do you acknowledge the contract ?	1
to the health of our general!	1
nothing that i am ,  not for their own sins ,  only for mine ,  cruel slaughter on their souls .	1
he hadn’t arrived by the time we finished eating ,  so i went out looking for him .	1
that makes you an even bigger villain . —well ,  throw him out ,  and have my officers seize his house and lands .	1
yes ,  a thousand times .	1
may god reward you for your kindness !	1
fare-you-well!	1
the turkish armies are headed for rhodes; so i was asked to report here to the state by signior angelo.	1
it should seem then ,  that dobbin's tail grows backward: i am sure he had more hair of his tail ,  than i have of my face ,  when i last saw him .	1
did i work to make him king for this ?	1
i dare do all that may become a man; who dares do more is none .	1
come on, nerissa, i have work in hand that you don’t know about yet; we'll see our husbands before they think about us.	1
i don’t know .	1
come ,  grey .	1
this ,  by his voice ,  should be a montague . —   what ,  dares the slave come hither ,  covered with an antic face ,  to fleer and scorn at our solemnity ?	1
that’s right ,  and then after we fixed the moon ,  we’d go bird - hunting .	1
cleopatra— why should i think you can be mine ,  and true— though you in swearing shake the thronèd gods— who have been false to fulvia ?	1
did we, my lord?	1
o stephano ,  two neapolitans scaped !	1
i made my father angry ,  so i went to friar lawrence’s cell to confess and be forgiven .	1
i have charged thee not to haunt about my doors: in honest plainness thou hast heard me say my daughter is not for thee; and now, in madness,— being full of supper and distempering draughts,— upon malicious bravery, dost thou come to start my quiet.	1
relax ,  gentlemen .	1
go ,  by this token .	1
flute ,  the bellows - mender !	1
i’m indebted to you .	1
hot ,  hot and moist .	1
isn’t that strange ?	1
how long is that since?	1
we hope you feel better and find some peace .	1
or like a whale .	1
my lord ?	1
maybe he’s not feeling well .	1
for all the rest, they'll take a suggestion as a cat licks up milk: they'll turn the clock to any business that we say is right for the hour.	1
o lord ,  they’re fighting !	1
their senses thus weakened, lost within their strong fears, made senseless things begin to do them wrong, because briers and thorns catch their clothes, some sleeves, some hats.	1
this is some cat's gift, and i must take out the work?	1
show him in .	1
is it so stated in the promise to pay?	1
o !	1
if i can’t do it myself ,  i’ll find someone who can .	1
he's a traitor.	1
silence!	1
i am so much a fool, that if i stayed longer, it would be my disgrace and your discomfort.	1
you know why i think so ?	1
do as i told you .	1
only let the order of the universe be disrupted, both the real and spiritual worlds suffer, before we will eat our meal in fear, and sleep in the affliction of these terrible dreams that wake us up nightly.	1
i swear—      by nothing ,  for this is no oath .	1
what say you then to falconbridge ,  the young baron of england ?	1
i wish we were safely on board our ship already .	1
but i am sent to find those persons whose names are here writ ,  and can never find what names the writing person hath here writ .	1
eyes ,  look your last !	1
demetrius ,  i will keep my word with thee .	1
if thou darest tempt me further ,  draw thy sword .	1
we didn’t please them on land .	1
nay ,  we must think men are not gods ,  nor of them look for such observances as fit the bridal .	1
but if she cannot love you ,  sir ?	1
if you can leave your body so easily ,  then the touch of death is like a lover’s pinch ,  which hurts but is desired .	1
the earth has swallowed all my hopes but she ,  she is the last hope i have .	1
tell me to run now, and i’ll do impossible things, yes, and get the better of them.	1
you rascal!	1
there’s no face more sincere than one washed in tears .	1
how ,  will she none ?	1
do you have the lion’s part written down ?	1
where is thy blush?	1
oh ,  excellent !	1
wouldst thou have that which thou esteem'st the ornament of life and live a coward in thine own esteem, letting “i dare not” wait upon “i would” like the poor cat i’ the adage?	1
sir ,  in good faith ,  or in sincere verity ,  under th' allowance of your great aspect ,  whose influence ,  like the wreath of radiant fire on flickering phoebus' front—      what mean’st by this ?	1
you see how simple and how fond i am .	1
let me shake your hands.	1
let’s go up to the castle .	1
i hate the moor ,  and there’s a widespread rumor that he’s slept with my wife .	1
i am very sorry about it, sir.	1
a touch ,  a touch; i do confess .	1
we'll play with them, the first boy for a thousand ducats.	1
he’s gone .	1
i know you from before .	1
your worship's friend and launcelot, sir.	1
it is so too.	1
he fights as you sing pricksong, keeps time, distance, and proportion; rests me his minim rest, one, two, and the third in your bosom!	1
let me be cursed if i marry again !	1
what wouldst thou write of me ,  if thou should’st praise me ?	1
fool !	1
never came poison from so sweet a place .	1
any man that can write may answer a letter .	1
sure ,  to a cheap host and an even cheaper guest .	1
the wind sits in the shoulder of your sail and you are stayed for .	1
caesar ,  all hail !	1
pretty lady ,  i’m much ashamed of your shocking behavior .	1
o dear account!	1
stay ,  gentle helena .	1
come ,  let's away; the strangers all are gone .	1
saint valentine is past .	1
and look thou meet me ere the first cock crow .	1
stay ,  then .	1
i beseech you .	1
how infinite in faculty !	1
please, dear, come here.	1
stands scotland where it did ?	1
he loves to hear me tell him how men can be snared by flatterers ,  just like unicorns can be captured in trees ,  elephants in holes ,  and lions with nets .	1
my friend stephano, let them know, please, within the house, that your mistress is at hand, and bring your music outside.	1
i dare damnation.	1
i have quarreled four times ,  and almost got in a fight .	1
why ,  to keep one’s eyes of either side ’s nose ,  that what a man cannot smell out ,  he may spy into .	1
it shall be done.	1
no ,  not much moved .	1
of so high and full intelligence and imagination!	1
nay ,  we will all of us be there to fetch him .	1
are you a man?	1
a devil like you could lead me to hell .	1
my heart feels like it’s full of poisonous snakes !	1
it’s all stopped .	1
the arbitrament is like to be bloody .	1
where's satisfaction?	1
no epilogue ,  i beg you ,  because your play needs no excuse .	1
do promise ,  kate ,  that you’ll do your french part to bring forth such a boy; and for my english half ,  take the word of a king and a bachelor .	1
the lady doth protest too much, methinks.	1
seeing the apparel] o king stephano !	1
do not say so ,  my lord .	1
o most bloody sight !	1
no ,  i’ve got another engagement .	1
show !	1
my lord ,  i don’t know what i should think .	1
my lord and master loves you .	1
give me my robe .	1
that’s the next to do .	1
nay, when i have a suit— wherein i mean to touch your love indeed, it shall be full of poise and difficult weight, and fearful to be granted.	1
you make me happy: i am full of pleasure .	1
if then that friend demand why brutus rose against caesar ,  this is my answer: not that i loved caesar less ,  but that i loved rome more .	1
but i'll beat the knave into a twiggen bottle .	1
some villain hath done me wrong .	1
what do you want with her ,  sir ?	1
what had he done to you?	1
i think it doth .	1
what, ho!	1
marry, well bethought!	1
how low am i ,  you painted maypole ?	1
and therefore tell me ,  most fair katherine ,  will you have me ?	1
it is .	1
stay where you are .	1
thy head is as full of quarrels as an egg is full of meat ,  and yet thy head hath been beaten as addle as an egg for quarreling .	1
casca ,  by your voice .	1
of laertes?	1
you must not think i am so simple but i know the devil himself will not eat a woman .	1
and yours of helena to me bequeath ,  whom i do love and will do till my death .	1
not i, my lord.	1
i am very glad of it: i'll plague him; i'll torture him; i am glad of it .	1
she’s full of most blessed condition .	1
this poor virgin isn’t much to look at ,  sir ,  but she’s mine .	1
what does this mean ?	1
i have brought you from venice.	1
disgustingly filthy rumors are circulating .	1
i say, amen, gonzalo!	1
he dies that strikes again .	1
a big blast of wind shook our fortifications .	1
good nuncle ,  in ,  and ask thy daughters blessing .	1
meet me and gratiano at gratiano's house in about an hour.	1
i sell thee poison; thou hast sold me none .	1
most mighty duke ,  behold a man much wronged .	1
and i must be from thence !	1
i am the youngest of that name ,  for fault of a worse name .	1
he’s killed three people ,  and he’s so furious right now that the only thing that will satisfy him is seeing you die .	1
what is she saying ,  my lord ?	1
to sebastian] he'd sow't with or docks, or mallows.	1
sir ,  i will answer any thing .	1
think about it .	1
lo ,  now ,  lo !	1
my lord ?	1
he's a traitor .	1
that’s really the best way to win the moor back again .	1
i am sure ,  sweet kate ,  this kindness deserves thanks .	1
o, she's rich in beauty; only poor that, when she dies, her beauty dies with her.	1
the moor replies that he you hurt is of great fame in cyprus and great affinity ,  and that in wholesome wisdom he might not but refuse you .	1
ay ,  that he did .	1
do .	1
a thousand thousand!	1
oh ,  widow dido ?	1
it is my wretched fortune .	1
you must not put another scandal on him, that he is open to incontinency.	1
is all the conversation that we two have shared ,  the sisters' vows ,  the hours that we have spent ,  when we have scolded the clock for parting us , —oh ,  is it all forgotten ?	1
nay ,  let me alone for swearing .	1
good evening to my ghostly confessor .	1
thy life hath had some smatch of honor in it .	1
i chose her for my wife when i thought i had no father to ask advice of .	1
observe his inclination in yourself .	1
oh ,  noble fool !	1
should i not say ,  hath a dog money ?	1
he's gone ,  but his wife's killed .	1
this is some monster of the island with four legs, who has got, as i take it, malaria.	1
give me my armor .	1
let us die .	1
you’ll get a blow from me for that ,  i think .	1
more villain thou . —well ,  push him out of doors and let my officers of such a nature make an extent upon his house and lands .	1
let’s float through the fog and filthy air.	1
why should the poor be flatter'd ?	1
doesn’t that sound like true love ?	1
i defy your solemn appeal ,  and i here arrest you as a felon .	1
i would have been what i am even if the most virginal star in the heavens had twinkled at my conception .	1
my mother.	1
prithee ,  my king ,  be quiet .	1
here is your husband, like a mildewed ear of corn poisoning his wholesome brother.	1
that did i, my lord, and i was accounted a good actor.	1
what say you then to falconbridge, the young baron of england?	1
but this place is too cold for hell .	1
but to the quick o' the ulcer!	1
i think you’re more articulate .	1
thyself shalt see the act: for, as thou urgest justice, be assur'd thou shalt have justice, more than thou desirest.	1
masters ,  you are all welcome .	1
valiant othello ,  we must straight employ you against the general enemy ottoman .	1
there lies that same tybalt.	1
i must be idle.	1
where will you lead me ?	1
but ,  as i said ,  on lammas eve at night shall she be fourteen .	1
by mary, sir, it’s a sick cook that cannot lick his own fingers.	1
there’s my cap .	1
he died on viola’s thirteenth birthday .	1
you can see my ribs so well you can count them .	1
we must out and talk .	1
well ,  let’s hope your good fortune continues !	1
draw your sword and give me enough blows to kill me .	1
then ,  tell me ,  who’s the next heir of naples ?	1
for, look you, how cheerfully my mother looks, and my father died within's two hours.	1
we have to go out and talk to them .	1
and so no doubt he is ,  my gracious madam .	1
i must hide in the darkness for awhile .	1
thy drugs are quick .	1
you, or any man living, may be drunk at a time, man.	1
accursed ,  unhappy ,  wretched ,  hateful day !	1
come on, sir.	1
do you have unusual snakes there ?	1
i’m off .	1
o sir ,  very well: here in your orchard .	1
we have lost best half of our attack.	1
get me some poison tonight ,  iago .	1
how are you now, lieutenant?	1
answer me.	1
would'st thou withdraw it ?	1
but that ,  forsooth ,  the bouncing amazon ,  your buskined mistress and your warrior love ,  to theseus must be wedded ,  and you come to give their bed joy and prosperity .	1
our fathers' minds are dead, and we are govern'd with our mothers' spirits; our yoke and sufferance show us womanish.	1
was that mine ?	1
ay ,  when the special thing is well obtained ,  that is ,  her love ,  for that is all in all .	1
flower with this purple dye ,  hit by cupid's arrow ,  sink into the apple of his eye !	1
swear by her foot ,  so she can stamp out the oath .	1
your loves, as mine to you.	1
if the gentlewoman that attends the general's wife be stirring ,  tell her there's one cassio entreats her a little favor of speech .	1
could not a worm ,  an adder ,  do so much ?	1
it is shaped ,  sir ,  like itself ,  and it is as broad as it hath breadth .	1
the moon ?	1
what, hello!	1
in that case ,  i ask that for the sake of friendship and alliance you let that one item stand with the rest ,  and bestow your daughter on me .	1
i hope all reports about me simply tell the truth ,  no more or less .	1
going to find a barefoot brother out, one of our order, to associate me here in this city visiting the sick, and finding him, the searchers of the town, suspecting that we both were in a house where the infectious pestilence did reign, seal'd up the doors, and would not let us forth, so that my speed to mantua there was stay'd.	1
hide with a false pleasant face what you know in your false ,  evil heart .	1
would ?	1
wondrous heavy .	1
o blessed, blessed night!	1
dromio ?	1
the duke be here tonight ?	1
see how she comes from confession with a happy face.	1
follow your spirit ,  and upon this charge cry  “ god for harry ,  england ,  and saint george !  ”	1
upon my knees ,  what doth your speech import ?	1
god save the charitable organization !	1
how can i describe you that will make you appeal to the young woman and will also agree with god ,  the law ,  my honor ,  and her feelings ?	1
all that i have to say ,  is to tell you that the lantern is the moon; i ,  the man in the moon; this thorn - bush ,  my thorn - bush; and this dog ,  my dog .	1
though all things foul would wear the brows of grace, yet grace must still look so.	1
fare you well ,  my lord .	1
briefly, i dwell by the capitol.	1
it is here !	1
will not the ladies be afeard of the lion?	1
i wish the lightning had burned up all those logs that you’ve been ordered to stack !	1
put out the light, and then put out the light.	1
leave you alone !	1
are you good or evil ?	1
dissemble not your hatred .	1
my lord ,  i will help you ,  even if it means i have to stay awake for ten nights straight .	1
i have ordered you not to hang around my doors; in honest plainness ,  you have heard me say my daughter is not for you ,  and now ,  in madness ,  being full of supper and drunk ,  you come ,  out of maliciousness to interrupt my sleep .	1
it’s not my fault he acts like that ,  helena .	1
what !	1
hurry ,  you slave !	1
tis some mischance ,  the cry is very direful .	1
the one of them imports the death of cassio to be undertook by roderigo .	1
o my dear brother!	1
come, some music!	1
to cut his throat i' the church .	1
a lover ,  that kills himself most gallant for love .	1
where are these enemies?	1
she phoebes me .	1
oh painful ,  painful ,  painful day !	1
cowards die many times before their deaths; the valiant never taste of death but once .	1
hurry up, make haste, for it grows very late.	1
grandam ,  his nurse .	1
an honest man he is ,  and hates the slime that sticks on filthy deeds .	1
i have well approved it, sir.	1
or be alive again ,  and dare me to the desert with thy sword .	1
something from venice ,  surely .	1
i shall win at the odds.	1
let's after him, whose care is gone before to bid us welcome: it is a peerless kinsman.	1
when at your hands did i deserve this scorn?	1
hast thou no letters to me from the friar ?	1
it must be se offendendo; it cannot be else.	1
why dost thou stay ?	1
if you’ll patch a quarrel ,  as matter whole you have to make it with ,  it must not be with this .	1
why ,  no; but sadly tell me who .	1
when this advice is free i give and honest, probal to thinking, and indeed the course to win the moor again?	1
cry mercy ,  lords and watchful gentlemen ,  that you have ta'en a tardy sluggard here .	1
then take him up and manage well the jest .	1
it was a painful bruise ,  and she was crying bitterly .	1
to answer that question, i should confess to you.	1
i have begun to nurture your career, and will labor to make the most of yourself.	1
where be these bloody thieves ?	1
enough ,  gentlemen .	1
you’re fall’n into a princely hand .	1
by mary ,  well said ,  very well said .	1
see how beastly she doth court him !	1
here .	1
i have had a dream ,  past the wit of man to say what dream it was .	1
who pleaded with me to pardon	1
not now, sweet desdemon; some other time.	1
i am now in great haste ,  as it may appear unto you .	1
those that with haste will make a mighty fire begin it with weak straws .	1
if i were not forbidden to tell the secrets of my prison house ,  i could tell a tale whose lightest word would crush your soul ,  freeze your young blood ,  make your two eyes ,  like stars ,  jump from their sockets ,  your knotted and combined hair to separate ,  and each particular hair to stand on end like quills on the angry porcupine .	1
my brother shall know of it .	1
if you’re the lady of the house ,  then it’s true you’re stealing your role ,  because what’s yours to give away is not yours to keep for yourself .	1
yet brutus says he was ambitious; and, sure, he’s an honorable man.	1
yes ,  bring me word ,  boy ,  if thy lord look well ,  for he went sickly forth .	1
let’s go in together, and still keeping your silence, i beg you.	1
how goes it with my brave mark antony ?	1
every one of us is a criminal .	1
who has wronged him ?	1
so go away .	1
look ,  sir ,  here the lady is coming toward my cell .	1
we shouldn’t have too big a celebration—we can invite a friend or two .	1
why, jessica!	1
i think so too .	1
he shall pay for him that hath him ,  and that soundly .	1
you’re like one of those guys who walks into a bar ,  slams his sword on the table ,  and then says ,   “ i pray i never have to use you .  ”  by the time he orders his second drink ,  he pulls his sword on the bartender for no reason at all .	1
cassius ,  be constant .	1
but thy vile race ,  though thou didst learn ,  had that in ’t which good natures could not abide to be with .	1
so again ,  good night .	1
but ,  for your private satisfaction ,  because i love you ,  i will let you know .	1
the earth has swallowed all my hopes but she, she is the last hope i have.	1
to bed ,  to bed ,  to bed .	1
is she to be buried in christian burial when she wilfully seeks her own salvation?	1
o that i were a glove upon that hand, that i might touch that cheek!	1
i go .	1
is the chair empty ?	1
ay ,  a thousand times .	1
lights ,  lights ,  lights !	1
be gone !	1
how lush and lusty the grass looks !	1
i’ll do anything rather than marry a drunk ,  nerissa .	1
yet words do well when he that speaks them pleases those that hear .	1
come ,  come ,  you're drunk .	1
yes ,  just as great and just as recent .	1
the moon ,  methinks ,  looks with a watery eye; and when she weeps ,  weeps every little flower; lamenting some enforced chastity .	1
hark!	1
you must take your chance; and either not attempt to choose at all, or swear, before you choose,—if you choose wrong, never to speak to lady afterward in way of marriage; therefore be advis'd.	1
o love, be moderate.	1
curse the day this happened ,  but it did .	1
you’ve forgotten the will i told you about .	1
how low am i ?	1
though it appear a little out of fashion ,  there is much care and valor in this welshman .	1
then will i give you the serving - creature .	1
now ,  sir ,  her father counts it dangerous that she do give her sorrow so much sway ,  and in his wisdom hastes our marriage to stop the inundation of her tears ,  which ,  too much minded by herself alone ,  may be put from her by society .	1
please ,  hurry .	1
i will .	1
can you inquire him out and be edified by report?	1
go ahead and ask her .	1
well ,  the  shall we get moving ?	1
be silent.	1
ay ,  ay .	1
who said that ?	1
o ,  how fit a word is that vile name to perish on my sword !	1
this is a trick to put me from my suit .	1
just tell me this: have you ever seen her holding a handkerchief with an embroidered strawberry pattern on it ?	1
you know he was the one ,  in the times past ,  who held you back from promotion ,  and you thought it was our innocent self .	1
ah sir!	1
what are you doing ,  caesar ?	1
but ,  oh no !	1
to you i am bound for life and education .	1
there’s no point in looking for him if he doesn’t want to be found .	1
if you do meet horatio and marcellus, the rivals of my watch, bid them make haste.	1
so you don’t love me ?	1
what, ho!	1
hail !	1
that’s for to me to decide .	1
he’s a dreamer; let’s get away from him .	1
moody?	1
what's the matter?	1
i hear what they say about him for doing that .	1
lend me thy handkerchief .	1
and those who leave their valiant bones in france ,  dying like men though buried in your dunghills—they’ll be remembered ,  too .	1
anon ,  as patient as the female dove when that her golden couplets are disclosed ,  his silence will sit drooping .	1
from our brother monarch ,  the king of england ?	1
when you’ve finished all this ,  return to the porch of pompey’s theater ,  where you’ll find us .	1
yes ,  very well ,  sir .	1
what’s your message ?	1
welcome .	1
not a whit ,  touchstone .	1
i see no blood ,  no wound .	1
why, i am glad on't.	1
bring him with triumph home unto his house !	1
things are what they are .	1
cleopatra ,  our conquest won’t include either the things you kept back or the ones you listed .	1
how is it now!	1
if not to answer ,  you might haply think tongue - tied ambition ,  not replying ,  yielded to bear the golden yoke of sovereignty ,  which fondly you would here impose on me .	1
sure ,  luciana ,  it is two o'clock .	1
i’ll call for you soon .	1
o, touch me not!	1
i will plant you two ,  and let the fool make a third ,  where he shall find the letter .	1
till then, enough.	1
zounds, i bleed still; i am hurt to the death.	1
i am sure of that .	1
you’re a man with a good reputation .	1
beauty's ensign yet is crimson in thy lips and in thy cheeks, and death's pale flag is not advanced there.	1
marry ,  now i let go your hand ,  i am barren .	1
but all the charms of love ,  salt cleopatra ,  soften thy wanned lip !	1
but my uncle - father and aunt -  mother are deceived .	1
nay ,  i prithee now ,  with most petitionary vehemence ,  tell me who it is .	1
marry, this is miching mallecho; it means mischief.	1
i wonder none of you have thought of him.	1
i am that merry wanderer of the night .	1
then i'll look up; my fault is past.	1
if he said so, may his evil soul rot half a grain a day!	1
nay ,  you must forget that .	1
god pardon sin!	1
how do you like the young german, the duke of saxony's nephew?	1
fate ,  show thy force .	1
every man shift for all the rest, and let no man take care for himself; for all is but fortune.	1
for love of god, leave him alone!	1
shall i deny you?	1
he is at hand, and pindarus is come to do you salutation from his master.	1
now ,  when the bridegroom comes in the morning to wake up from your bed ,  there you are ,  dead .	1
i have limed her ,  but it is jove’s doing ,  and jove make me thankful !	1
i was not angry since i came to france until this instant .	1
be bold ,  and take thy stand .	1
ha ?	1
this jack of caesar’s shall bear us an errand to him .	1
tis for the dead ,  not for the quick; therefore thou liest .	1
sirs ,  take up the corse .	1
now heaven help him !	1
this last course here is for closing up the stomach after great feasting .	1
ay ,  or very falsely pocket up his report .	1
i told you before ,  and i’ll tell you again and again: i hate the moor .	1
are you backing away in fear ?	1
a norman ,  was it ?	1
didn’t i ?	1
yes ,  yes .	1
my countrymen , — peace !	1
dighton and forrest ,  whom i did suborn to do this piece of ruthless butchery ,  albeit they were fleshed villains ,  bloody dogs ,  melted with tenderness and mild compassion ,  wept like two children in their deaths' sad story .	1
yet touch this sparingly ,  as ’twere far off ,  because ,  my lord ,  you know my mother lives .	1
is it likely that the lead one holds her picture?	1
did the brothers - in - law leave ?	1
arms, take your last embrace!	1
and were the king on't, what would i do?	1
one of you go call the jew into court here .	1
let them start with us.	1
my life were better ended by their hate than death prorogued ,  wanting of thy love .	1
ask for me tomorrow ,  and you’ll find me in a grave .	1
help ,  ho !	1
my love doth so approve him, that even his stubbornness, his checks, his frowns— prithee, unpin me—have grace and favor in them.	1
i am the youngest of that name, for fault of a worse name.	1
he likes me very well ,  and i have given him cause to; just send him here ,  and i'll train him .	1
ha !	1
name cleopatra as she is called in rome .	1
no jutty ,  frieze ,  buttress ,  nor coign of vantage ,  but this bird hath made his pendant bed and procreant cradle .	1
how does hamlet ?	1
therefore ,  do your duty and take your reward ,  because my master and mistress are nearly frozen to death .	1
you do surely bar the door upon your own liberty ,  if you deny your griefs to your friend .	1
a most nasty monster!	1
i’ll teach you a lesson .	1
thanks, i' faith; for silence is only commendable in a neat's tongue dried, and a maid not vendible.	1
ah well ,  my kate .	1
now ,  good sweet nurse ,  o lord ,  why do you look sad ?	1
they clepe us drunkards and with swinish phrase soil our addition .	1
do not yourself such wrong ,  who are in this relieved but not betrayed .	1
half a share .	1
now ,  ere the sun advance his burning eye the day to cheer and night's dank dew to dry ,  i must up - fill this osier cage of ours with baleful weeds and precious - juiced flowers .	1
i don’t want to be cured ,  boy .	1
mistake me not .	1
that our garments ,  being ,  as they were ,  drenched in the sea ,  hold notwithstanding their freshness and glosses ,  being rather new - dyed than stained with salt water .	1
the leftovers from the funeral dinner made a convenient wedding banquet .	1
ay ,  i do .	1
witness this army ,  of such mass and charge ,  led by a delicate and tender prince ,  whose spirit with divine ambition puff'd ,  makes mouths at the invisible event ,  exposing what is mortal and unsure to all that fortune ,  death ,  and danger dare ,  even for an eggshell .	1
when he is gone i would on great occasion speak with you .	1
are you ashamed of me ?	1
be your tears wet ?	1
oh ,  what misery !	1
no ,  nor i neither ,  but most wonderful that she should so dote on signor benedick ,  whom she hath in all outward behaviors seemed ever to abhor .	1
dreamer, speak once in your life, if you are a good dreamer.	1
go on ,  and see whether brutus be alive or dead ,  and bring us word unto octavius' tent how every thing is chanced .	1
let us go in together; and still your fingers on your lips ,  i pray .	1
he carries a third of the world .	1
agreed .	1
he fell down in the market place ,  foamed at the mouth ,  and was speechless .	1
i told them to take  oh ,  what a big mistake !	1
rebellious subjects ,  enemies to peace ,  profaners of this neighbour - stained steel— will they not hear ?	1
love looks not with the eyes ,  but with the mind; and therefore is wing'd cupid painted blind .	1
come what come may ,  [aside .	1
she dying gave it me ,  and bid me ,  when my fate would have me wive ,  to give it her .	1
she was false as water .	1
i’m not like you .	1
too late ,  good diomed .	1
he raised the house with loud and coward cries .	1
and i beg you instantly to visit my too much changed son .	1
ha !	1
will money buy ’em?	1
yes ,  every man away .	1
what are you going to do for her ?	1
charles ,  i thank you for your loyalty to me ,  and you’ll see that i’ll reward you .	1
speak ,  hands ,  for me !	1
ophelia ,  walk you here .	1
some of your french crowns have no hair at all ,  and then you will play it with no beard !	1
madam!	1
how dangerous is it that this man goes loose !	1
it did bass my trespass .	1
demetrius and egeus, go ahead; i must ask you to do a few things about the wedding, and meet with you about some issues that affect you.	1
so ,  tell people that you’re from epidamnum–otherwise all your goods will be confiscated .	1
ay, on mine honour.	1
were he not warmed with ale ,  this were a bed but cold to sleep so soundly .	1
there is a brief list of how many events there are; make choice of which your highness will see first .	1
didn’t you clearly say  “ knock ,  ”   “ pound ,  ”  and  “ put your fists to work ”  ?	1
but next day i told him of myself ,  which was as much as to have asked him pardon .	1
who can come in and say that i mean her ,  when such a one as she such is her neighbor ?	1
three thousand dollars; right?	1
the wall, methinks, being sensible, should curse again.	1
who deserted this morning ?	1
today he fought as though he were a god who hated mankind .	1
then up he rose and donn'd his clo'es and dupp'd the chamber door, let in the maid, that out a maid never departed more.	1
some people kiss shadows .	1
if you pardon ,  we will mend .	1
a thing for me !	1
you can relax ,  ma'am .	1
but if you do fight ,  sir ,  then i will fight you .	1
you are my other self ,  my oracle ,  my prophet ,  my dear brother !	1
pointing to caliban] this is a strange thing as e'er i [pointing to caliban] this is a strange thing as e'er i look'd on .	1
for even now i put myself to your direction, and take back my own detraction of myself; here renounce the taints and blames i laid upon myself, as strangers to my nature.	1
you’re mistaken .	1
i pay you because you’re poor ,  not because you want me to buy this .	1
iago is most honest .	1
your royal father was a most sainted king, the queen that bore you, oftener upon her knees than on her feet, died every day she lived.	1
but ,  good my brother ,  do not ,  as some ungracious pastors do ,  show me the steep and thorny way to heaven ,  whilst ,  like a puff'd and reckless libertine ,  himself the primrose path of dalliance treads and recks not his own rede .	1
apologize ?	1
how can that be ,  when the king himself says you will succeed him to the throne in denmark ?	1
i’ll put on some poor and ragged clothes and smudge my face with dirt .	1
my lord bassanio, and my gentle lady, i wish you all the joy that you can wish for yourselves; because i am sure you can’t wish any from me; and when you two mean to make the bargain of your vows solemn, please, even then, let me be married too.	1
me too—otherwise i would have had to duel with claudio .	1
oh ,  teach me how you look the way you do ,  and which tricks you used to make demetrius fall in love with you .	1
most noble antony !	1
saints do not move, though grant for prayers’ sake.	1
so you shall hear of carnal, bloody and unnatural acts, of accidental judgments, casual slaughters, of deaths planned by cunning and false causes, and, in this result, mistaken motives fallen on the planners' heads.	1
for your father’s remembrance ,  be at accord .	1
be gone !	1
ho, lucilius!	1
why should i play the roman fool and die on my own sword?	1
love, therefore, and tongue-tied simplicity in least speak most to my capacity.	1
he has a father ,  and yet he is fatherless .	1
god be wi' you; take mine office.	1
but soft !	1
how this sneering fault-finder rhymes so badly!	1
curse me, but i love her heartily; because she is wise, if i can judge her, and she is beautiful, if my eyes can really see, and she is true, as she has proved herself; and so, like herself, wise, beautiful, and true, she shall be placed in my faithful soul.	1
o heaven!	1
alas, you’ve misunderstood everything!	1
did you see anything?	1
adieu ,  adieu ,  adieu !	1
i am enjoin'd by oath to observe three things: first, never to unfold to any one, which casket 'twas i chose; next, if i fail of the right casket, never in my life to woo a maid in way of marriage; lastly, if i do fail in fortune of my choice, immediately to leave you, and be gone.	1
if you shall send them word you will not come ,  their minds may change .	1
by heaven ,  you do me wrong .	1
m ” —why ,  that’s the first letter in my name .	1
and that drop ,  distilled by magic tricks ,  shall raise such unnatural spirits ,  that ,  by the strength of their deception ,  shall add to his confusion .	1
o ,  help him ,  you sweet heavens !	1
renownèd duke ,  vouchsafe to take the pains to go with us into the abbey here and hear at large discoursed all our fortunes ,  and all that are assembled in this place that by this sympathizèd one day’s error have suffered wrong .	1
calls my lord ?	1
is she a capulet?	1
macduff is missing ,  and so is your noble son .	1
this will either make us or break us .	1
but what’s this i see ?	1
and i must to lorenzo and the rest; but we will visit you at supper - time .	1
i must once in a month recount what thou hast been, which thou forget'st.	1
then i’ll be quick .	1
he is already named king; and gone to scone to be invested.	1
whether you are sad or merry ,  the intensity of either suits you like no one else  .   .   .	1
unless the master were the man .	1
who's there ?	1
i'm out of patience.	1
there are ways to recover the general again .	1
good friends ,  i thank you all for coming to see me wed this patient ,  sweet ,  virtuous wife .	1
when they next wake up, all this conflict shall seem to be a dream and a worthless vision; and back to athens the lovers shall go with happiness and agreement that will never end.	1
no less?	1
tell us ,  othello .	1
it’s a shame that you walk the streets with all the honest men .	1
i will ask him for my place again; he shall tell me i am a drunkard !	1
both ,  both ,  my girl .	1
read it ,  mark antony !	1
by my troth ,  a good song .	1
swear.	1
tedious and brief!	1
thou sayest his sports were hinderd by thy brawls .	1
pour in the blood of a female pig that has eaten her nine piglets ,  and throw it into the flame with fat that has dripped from a murderer's gallows .	1
gentlemen ,  let go of him .	1
out upon her !	1
hear a little further, and then i'll bring thee to the present business which now's upon's; without the which this story were most impertinent.	1
because i know the government, no matter how angry this makes brabantio with some argument, cannot arrest him safely; because he's embarked with such loud reason to the cyprus wars, which is being discussed even now, that, to save their souls, they have no one of his depth to lead their armies, in which regard, although i hate him as i hate hell pains, i must still show a flag and sign of love, to preserve my present life, which is indeed only sign.	1
i wouldn’t dream of opposing such an obviously promising idea .	1
no, my good lord.	1
now ,  signior petruchio ,  how speed you with my daughter ?	1
nay, had i power, i should pour the sweet milk of concord into hell, uproar the universal peace, confound all unity on earth.	1
night's candles are burned out ,  and the joyful day stands tiptoe on the misty mountain tops .	1
no ,  had she been true ,  if heaven would make me such another world of one entire and perfect crystal ,  i wouldn’t have sold her for it .	1
my lord constable ,  are those stars or suns i saw on the armor in your tent tonight ?	1
it is the lady that pyramus loves.	1
naughty lady ,  these hairs which thou dost ravish from my chin will quicken and accuse thee .	1
on tuesday last a falcon towering in her pride of place was by a mousing owl hawk'd at and kill'd.	1
yours, i swear.	1
yes ,  my lord .	1
would they were clysterpipes for your sake !	1
no ,  cousin ,  i'll to fife .	1
god ,  god ,  forgive us all !	1
shall i be married, then, tomorrow morning?	1
there are ways to recover the general again.	1
nor send you out o' th' way ?	1
ha !	1
go with me to bless these two, that they may be prosperous, and honored in their children.	1
doesn’t “rosemary” and “romeo” begin with the same letter?	1
sir ,  can you tell where he is ?	1
that deceived man lives in bliss who ,  certain of his fate ,  doesn’t love who wronged him; but o ,  what damned stories he tells about who loves ,  but doubts ,  suspects ,  but strongly loves !	1
grief of my son’s exile hath stopped her breath .	1
perdie ,  your doors were locked ,  and you shut out .	1
o, balmy breath, that dost almost persuade justice to break her sword!	1
there isn’t any kindness in the snake .	1
signor antonio ,  many a time and oft in the rialto you have rated me about my moneys and my usances .	1
as for the rest of the ships ,  i scattered them ,  and they’ve gathered again in the mediterranean ,  sailing sadly home to naples ,  believing that they witnessed the shipwreck and death of their great king .	1
shall i lay perjury upon my soul ?	1
tell him so yourself ,  and see how he will take it at your hands .	1
or ,  if his mind be writ ,  give me his letter .	1
bettering thy loss makes the bad causer worse .	1
do you see anything in that?	1
then ,  if we lose this battle ,  you’re contented to be led in triumph thorough the streets of rome ?	1
yes,” said my husband, ”you fell on your face?	1
i am glad on ’t .	1
let me the curtains draw .	1
how cheer'st thou ,  jessica ?	1
you must not stay here longer .	1
titinius' face is upward.	1
you can’t see the future .	1
where shall we meet i' th' morning ?	1
my worthy lord ,  your noble friends miss your company .	1
is that the uttermost ?	1
well ,  to our work alive .	1
you men of cyprus ,  let her have your knees .	1
if she is beautiful and wise ,  beauty and wit ,  the one's for use ,  the other uses it .	1
approach, my ariel; come!	1
be fickle ,  fortune ,  for then ,  i hope ,  thou wilt not keep him long ,  but send him back .	1
why ,  look you how you storm !	1
yes, nurse; what of that?	1
but here's my husband, and so much duty as my mother show'd to you, preferring you before her father, so much i challenge that i may profess due to the moor, my lord.	1
is caesar yet gone to the capitol ?	1
follow me then .	1
oh ,  sweetheart ,  take what i said in an innocent sense .	1
how did that work ?	1
i'll after that same villain, for 'tis a damned slave.	1
don’t look for your noble father on the ground forever with sad eyes.	1
yes, sir, i have indeed.	1
well ,  peace be with you ,  sir .	1
saw you him to - day ?	1
hag - seed ,  hence !	1
i pray you watch about signior leonato’s door ,  for the wedding being there tomorrow ,  there is a great coil tonight .	1
you may do it off the top of your head, because it’s nothing but roaring.	1
if a christian doesn’t play the rogue and get you ,  i am much deceived .	1
follow .	1
i’m happy to say  “ amen ”  to that !	1
is this a prologue or a ring of flowers ?	1
i’ll wake him ,  because that’s my job .	1
you stole it from her ?	1
a sweet woman!	1
widow dido; yes, widow dido.	1
grab down benches .	1
i hate the moor; and it is thought abroad that 'twixt my sheets he has done my office.	1
whoever is already married (except one person i know) will stay married—all but one person .	1
please ,  dear ,  come here .	1
blessings on you!	1
i thank you very much on his behalf .	1
all disconsolate, with pindarus his bondman, on this hill.	1
there’s something else to do .	1
me either: i’m wide awake .	1
my lord ,  my lord— i don’t want to hear any more about it .	1
will you tell a monstrous lie, being only half fish and half a monster?	1
bring me face to face with macbeth ,  that devil of scotland .	1
i swear i am .	1
let me see now: to get his place, and to plume up my will in double knavery—how, how?	1
would you would bear your fortune like a man!	1
is claudio thine enemy ?	1
epicurism and lust make it more like a tavern or a brothel than a graced palace .	1
his pleasure should be proclaimed this much.	1
and even if you throw everything you possess to the two of them ,  they’ll battle each other to the death to have it all .	1
upon his brow shame is asham'd to sit; for 'tis a throne where honour may be crown'd sole monarch of the universal earth .	1
it was in place where i could not breed no contention with him ,  but i will be so bold as to wear it in my cap till i see him once again ,  and then i will tell him a little piece of my desires .	1
fillet of a fenny snake ,  in the cauldron boil and bake; eye of newt and toe of frog ,  wool of bat and tongue of dog ,  adder's fork and blind - worm's sting ,  lizard's leg and howlet's wing ,  for a charm of powerful trouble ,  like a hell - broth boil and bubble .	1
please, sir, go: my young master expects your insult.	1
you shall do marvellous wisely, good reynaldo, before you visit him, to make inquire of his behaviour.	1
i should sin only to think nobly of my grandmother: good women have had bad sons .	1
death ,  lie thou there ,  by a dead man interr'd .	1
why, for that too.	1
how many times will caesar bleed again in show ,  though he now lies at the base of pompey’s statue ,  as worthless as dust !	1
the morning comes upon's.	1
but it’s that you don’t love me .	1
alack ,  why thus ?	1
by my heel ,  i care not .	1
good hermia, do not be so bitter with me.	1
leave me alone now ,  iago .	1
this is dear mercy ,  and you don’t see it .	1
who is't that calls ?	1
ok, we’ll leave you then until dinnertime.	1
how are you ,  my friend ?	1
whatever i say ,  or think ,  or do ,  you’re continually contradicting it .	1
would it not grieve a woman to be overmastered with a piece of valiant dust ?	1
i pay your poverty, and not your will.	1
what then?	1
he has the courage to do a lot, and, in that unconquerable temper of his mind, he has a wisdom that guides his courage to act in safety.	1
have i caught thee ?	1
o setebos ,  these are brave spirits indeed .	1
i myself could make a chough of as deep chat .	1
i will weary you then no longer with idle talking .	1
she’s not fourteen .	1
these are old fond paradoxes to make fools laugh i' the alehouse.	1
good grief ,  do you think that just because i’m dressed like a man ,  i have a man’s patience ?	1
o dear !	1
teach me how i should think and speak .	1
we have to think about that .	1
ev'n as your horse bears your praises—who would trot as well were some of your brags dismounted .	1
why ,  for that too .	1
do you intend it ?	1
i swear that claudio will pay dearly for this .	1
let me speak like yourself ,  and lay a sentence which ,  as a grise or step ,  may help these lovers into your favor .	1
i won’t be afraid until birnam wood remove to dunsinane .	1
help, help, ho!	1
are you a man?	1
the transgression is in the stealer .	1
no ,  my lord ,  your polite words are not to the point .	1
so order the armies to rest ,  and let’s go home to share the glories of this happy day .	1
oh ,  good ,  a knife !	1
but it doesn’t matter .	1
sir ,  i wish she would give you as much of her lips as she often gives me of her tongu .  ,  you'd have enough .	1
if she should break it now!	1
i often wander around in the woods like a forest ranger until the sun rises in the fiery red sky over the ocean ,  turning the salty green water to gold .	1
therefore ,  willingly and yielding .	1
faith, her privates we.	1
romeo !	1
where have you been wandering ?	1
not black in my mind ,  though yellow in my legs .	1
she’s the daughter of this famous duke of milan i heard so much about but never saw before .	1
but look where sadly the poor wretch comes reading .	1
nothing ,  neither way .	1
let hercules himself do what he may ,  the cat will mew ,  and dog will have his day .	1
who's there?	1
thy case ,  dear friend ,  shall be my precedent .	1
did you hear this, gonzalo?	1
oh ,  julius caesar ,  you are still powerful .	1
where have you been, sister?	1
here is the head of that ignoble traitor ,  the dangerous and unsuspected hastings .	1
is this true, nerissa?	1
caesar is in a sober mood .	1
bring forth the parties of suspicion .	1
please put away your dagger, and pull out your wit.	1
i wish she were in love with me instead .	1
yes, my lord, if it pleases you.	1
do so ,  and bid my sweet to prepare to scold me .	1
take in the top sail.	1
is't so ,  indeed ?	1
or did you agree to this as equals ?	1
tis brief, my lord.	1
here is the door ,  sir .	1
there is no world without verona walls but purgatory ,  torture ,  hell itself .	1
we’ll let you .	1
no ,  i protest ,  i know not the contents .	1
there, my blessing with you!	1
get going, you dwarf; you zero, made of scraps of grass; you bead, you acorn.	1
larded all with sweet flowers; which bewept to the grave did not go with true - love showers .	1
crystal is muddy .	1
what can be avoided whose end is purposed by the mighty gods ?	1
quiet !	1
where did she get that light?	1
o, then, what graces in my love do dwell, that he hath turn'd a heaven unto a hell!	1
what have you found?	1
what will become of this ?	1
for several virtues have i liked several women .	1
prithee no more !	1
will you ,  i beg you ,  demand that demi - devil to tell why he has trapped my soul and body like this ?	1
i’ll be with thee betimes .	1
knock .	1
your love will use it to climb up to your window while it’s dark .	1
your way is shorter .	1
no ,  my good lord .	1
what not put upon his spongy officers ,  who shall bear the guilt of our great quell ?	1
i’m not one of his sluts .	1
the direful spectacle of the wreck ,  which touched the very virtue of compassion in thee ,  i have with such provision in mine art so safely ordered that there is no soul— no ,  not so much perdition as an hair betid to any creature in the vessel which thou heard'st cry ,  which though saw'st sink .	1
look to your house, your daughter, and your bags!	1
come ,  sister . —shepherdess ,  look on him better ,  and be not proud .	1
queen of egypt ,  greetings !	1
nothing ,  messala .	1
beat them down!	1
macbeth !	1
with this ,  my lord ,  myself have naught to do .	1
it’s no use !	1
at land ,  thou know’st how much we do o’ercount thee .	1
to fetch my poor distracted husband hence .	1
stand and fight ,  you overdressed servant ,  fight !	1
now ,  charmian !	1
i confess my crime and throw myself on your highness’s mercy .	1
go to bed and rest ,  because you need to rest .	1
there was, for a while, no money bid for argument unless the poet and the player went to cuffs in the question.	1
listen to me ,  forget about her .	1
but yet methinks it is very sultry and hot for my complexion .	1
what do you mean by all this ?	1
what is it you said ?	1
kate like the hazel - twig is straight and slender and as brown in hue as hazel nuts ,  and sweeter than the kernels .	1
o ,  a thousand ,  a thousand times .	1
i was a fine fool to take it .	1
a fig !	1
what ,  all my pretty chickens and their dam at one fell swoop ?	1
those guards that macbeth has slain.	1
he has distinguished himself as a great soldier in his own right ,  deserving more than any honor your can bestow on him .	1
thy mother's poison'd.	1
isn’t she proud ?	1
but if you would consider the true cause why all these fires ,  why all these gliding ghosts ,  why birds and beasts from quality and kind ,  why old men fool ,  and children calculate ,  why all these things change from their ordinance ,  their natures and preformed faculties ,  to monstrous quality ,  why ,  you shall find that heaven hath infused them with these spirits to make them instruments of fear and warning unto some monstrous state .	1
an unauthorized kiss.	1
but how hath she receiv'd his love?	1
her body sleeps in capels' monument ,  and her immortal part with angels lives .	1
marry ,  sir ,  we say we are none .	1
lorenzo and his infidel ?	1
yes ,  better ,  sir .	1
no ,  forbear .	1
i have an adventurous fairy that shall seek what the squirrel has been hoarding, and get you new nuts.	1
as for his cowardliness ,  ask fabian .	1
he's that he is.	1
for my own good, all other problems will have to wait.	1
let’s do that .	1
heaven help me ,  i don’t know you ,  sir .	1
i beg for justice ,  which thou ,  prince ,  must give .	1
what you just said may perhaps be true .	1
what a stupid man he’s become !	1
no ,  i hear not your honest friend; i hear you .	1
in what chapter of his bosom ?	1
we have  and one of them is the criminal deformed .	1
oft have i heard of sanctuary men ,  but sanctuary children ,  ne'er till now .	1
what is the matter, my lord?	1
what do you say ?	1
when i like your favor ,  for god defend the lute should be like the case !	1
noble sebastian, thou let'st thy fortune sleep—die rather; wink'st whiles thou art waking.	1
nor i neither .	1
i don’t have the thing that makes time fly .	1
how?	1
lo you ,  here she comes !	1
listen to my reasons and be silent so you can hear .	1
why ,  we shall make him mad indeed .	1
i saw mark antony offer him a crown;—yet it wasn’t a crown either, it was one of these large hats;—and, as i told you, he pushed it aside once.	1
where do i dwell ?	1
yet who would have thought the old man to have had so much blood in him ?	1
away !	1
no ?	1
let’s be sacrificers, but not butchers, caius.	1
go ,  go ,  up to the leads .	1
i long with all my heart to see the prince .	1
good my complexion ,  dost thou think though i am caparisoned like a man ,  i have a doublet and hose in my disposition ?	1
we still have known thee for a holy man .	1
if it be so as so ’tis put on me— and that in way of caution—i must tell you ,  you do not understand yourself so clearly as it behooves my daughter and your honor .	1
how long within this wood intend you stay?	1
no ,  he hasn’t .	1
not really ,  for the truest poetry is often the most artificial .	1
they let god see things they wouldn’t show their husbands .	1
yes ,  but they don’t see anything .	1
i' faith ,  i thank him .	1
so would not i.	1
right .	1
in the meantime ,  let me be thought too busy in my fears— as worthy cause i have to fear i am— and hold her free ,  i do beseech your honor .	1
set him before me; let me see his face .	1
is your master awake yet ?	1
we shall chide downright if i longer stay .	1
o cassius, i am sick of many griefs.	1
i doubt it ,  since you weren’t even three at the time .	1
what about it ?	1
and ,  in fact ,  i think they’re meeting together right now .	1
mean you his majesty ?	1
the worm that’s fled hath nature that in time will venom breed; no teeth for th' present .	1
where is thy luster now ?	1
your sword upon a woman ?	1
what ,  am i being denied death ,  as well ?	1
what ,  i ,  my lord ?	1
this was an ill beginning of the night .	1
father ,  and wife ,  and gentlemen ,  adieu .	1
strike alarum ,  drums !	1
even just the sum that i do owe to you is growing to me by antipholus .	1
with the help of a surgeon he might yet recover and yet prove an ass .	1
all right ,  i understand .	1
three words, dear romeo, and good night indeed.	1
you ,  good friend ,  save me a piece of marzipan ,  and if you love me ,  have the porter let in susan grindstone and nell .	1
the marshal of france ,  monsieur la far .	1
no one here is affected by your curse ,  because curses are just words with no power .	1
give it to my wife ,  and get your money .	1
ay ,  my good lord .	1
what care i what curious eye doth quote deformities ?	1
o ,  it offends me to the soul to hear a hefty fellow with a wig tear an emotion to tatters ,  to very rags ,  to split the ears of the cheap seats ,  who ,  for the most part ,  are capable of nothing but confusing pantomime and noise .	1
would all were well—but that will never be .	1
you push me far ,  and so i’ll give in .	1
the news accuses the speaker; each minute turns up a new one.	1
the meantime ,  lady ,  i’ll raise the preparation of a war shall stain your brother .	1
why, for that too.	1
they are friends ,  ratcliffe and lovell .	1
horatio ,  tell me something .	1
what are you going to do ?	1
a friend ?	1
refrain to-night, and that shall lend a kind of easiness to the next abstinence; the next more easy; for use almost can change the stamp of nature, and [either master] the devil, or throw him out with wondrous potency.	1
and do you now cull out a holiday?	1
ay ,  sir ,  in pisa have i often been ,  pisa renownèd for grave citizens .	1
i will put this napkin in cassio's room, and let him find it.	1
tis not yet near day .	1
my tale provokes that question .	1
otherwise—forgive me ,  but if you should die before him ,  what becomes of her dowry ?	1
time hath not yet so dried this blood of mine nor age so eat up my invention nor fortune made such havoc of my means nor my bad life reft me so much of friends but they shall find ,  awaked in such a kind ,  both strength of limb and policy of mind ,  ability in means and choice of friends ,  to quit me of them throughly .	1
the flighty purpose never is understood unless the deed goes with it.	1
tell me .	1
that octavius, antony, and lepidus have put to death an hundred senators by decrees of death and bills in defiance of the law.	1
shall we get to work ?	1
tis age that nourisheth .	1
but tell not me; i know, antonio is sad to think upon his merchandise.	1
othello ,  leave some officer behind ,  and he shall bring our commission to you ,  with such things of quality and respect as are important to you .	1
and so it is ,  truly; and very notably acted .	1
o conspiracy ,  shamest thou to show thy dangerous brow by night ,  when evils are most free ?	1
then what i have to do will want true colour—tears perchance for blood .	1
lay hand on heart ,  advise .	1
who can be wise ,  amazed ,  temperate and furious ,  loyal and neutral ,  in a moment ?	1
call philostrate .	1
what is it ,  sir ?	1
madam !	1
like one of two contending in a prize, that thinks he hath done well in people's eyes, hearing applause and universal shout, giddy in spirit, still gazing in a doubt whether those peals of praise be his or no; so, thrice fair lady, stand i, even so; as doubtful whether what i see be true, until confirm'd, sign'd, ratified by you.	1
you naughty, deceitful man, what’s your trade?	1
when they choose ,  they only know how to lose .	1
to gonzalo] the air breathes upon us here most [to gonzalo] the air breathes upon us here most sweetly.	1
mark him .	1
i understand not ,  madam .	1
awake, awake!	1
wherein ,  my friends ,  have i offended you ?	1
everyone knows where a wasp wears its stinger .	1
exactly ,  madam ,  until i sleep with you .	1
what trumpet is that one ?	1
whip him ,  fellows ,  until he screws up his face like a baby and cries aloud for mercy !	1
let’s go to him .	1
we should all kneel before her ,  men of cyprus !	1
villain ,  you die !	1
not life ,  but love in death !	1
taste your legs ,  sir .	1
you kiss by th’ book.	1
i thank you, valiant cassio.	1
i assure you, carthage.	1
how ill this taper burns!	1
come ,  come with me ,  and we will be quick ,  because ,  by your permission ,  you shall not stay alone until holy church incorporates the two of you into one .	1
let him sink there so the sea will cover him !	1
the thane of fife had a wife .	1
i’ll think it over .	1
mankind’s role is to fear and tremble when the almighty gods send warning signals .	1
i’ll let you know right away how it’s going .	1
why ever wast thou lovely in my eyes ?	1
i ,  sir ,  am dromio .	1
my falcon is now hungry and unfed and must not be given enough to eat until she comes to me ,  for if her hunger is satisfied ,  she’ll pay no attention to the bait .	1
fare thee well ,  nymph .	1
not good ones ,  please .	1
you said she slept with cassio .	1
but no matter—i’ll get back at him soon enough .	1
take heed you fall not .	1
all this ?	1
for if the jew do cut but deep enough ,  i’ll pay it presently with all my heart .	1
i’ll go get them ,  sir .	1
come ,  sir ,  dispatch .	1
sola, sola!	1
don’t be scared .	1
i hear horses.	1
why, it stood by her.	1
why are you bothering this poor man !	1
thoughts work so quickly that even now you can imagine him on blackheath ,  where his lords suggest that he should carry his battle - scarred sword and helmet on a procession through the city .	1
the sun was not as true to the daytime as he was to me.	1
we'll hear him ,  we'll follow him ,  we'll die with him .	1
how came you thus recovered ?	1
yonder, sir, he walks.	1
well ,  for your favor ,  sir ,  why ,  give god thanks ,  and make no boast of it ,  and for your writing and reading ,  let that appear when there is no need of such vanity .	1
no ,  faith ,  die by attorney .	1
please save me a piece of marzipan; and because you love me ,  let the porter let in susan grindstone and nell .	1
who comes here ?	1
fortune is merry ,  and in this mood will give us anything .	1
i cannot  “ ok ,  ”  man and it is not very well .	1
yes ,  better ,  sir .	1
i prithee ,  remember i have done thee worthy service ,  told thee no lies ,  made thee no mistakings ,  served without or grudge or grumblings .	1
who are you talking to ?	1
tis passing good .	1
but not with such familiar instances nor with such free and friendly conference as he hath used of old .	1
how say you ,  cassio ?	1
where is he?	1
speak ,  speak .	1
has banquo gone from court ?	1
i won’t sort you with the rest of my servants, because, to speak to you like an honest man, i am most dreadfully attended.	1
alas ,  he faints !	1
why ,  see you not ?	1
is it your own inclin- ing?	1
this is the sergeant ,  who ,  like a good and hardy soldier fought ’gainst my captivity .	1
what's he that follows there, that would not dance?	1
demetrius, i will keep my word with you.	1
look to my chattels and my movables .	1
no more of this .	1
if ever i did dream of such a matter, abhor me.	1
why are you breathless, and why stare you so?	1
that her father’s brother wants to be her husband ?	1
both begin with an r .  ah ,  joker !	1
now ,  infidel ,  i have you on the hip .	1
for even now i put myself to thy direction and unspeak mine own detraction; here abjure the taints and blames i laid upon myself, for strangers to my nature.	1
how now !	1
and did they ask you to tell beatrice about this ,  madam ?	1
tis so .	1
if i do prove her haggard ,  though that her jesses were my dear heartstrings ,  i'ld whistle her off and let her down the wind to prey at fortune .	1
i am resolved—to let him live .	1
i remember a mass of things, but nothing distinctly; a quarrel, but nothing wherefore.	1
ho !	1
do whatever you want with it .	1
when marcus brutus grows so greedy as to engage his friend in such battles ,  be ready ,  gods ,  with all your thunderbolts ,  cut him into pieces !	1
have i not reason, beldams as you are, saucy and overbold?	1
my lady's dead !	1
the gallows - maker ,  for that frame outlives a thousand tenants .	1
therefore thy earliness doth me assure thou art uproused by some distemperature .	1
i charge thee do so ,  as thou art my child .	1
i shouldn’t need to, if you were acting like gentle brutus.	1
stay ,  fellow .	1
marry, sir, to bid my old master the jew to sup to-night with my new master the christian.	1
go comfort your cousin .	1
get up and listen to me .	1
he spends most of his time with the good ,  noble claudio .	1
the clock struck nine when i did send the nurse .	1
you’re pale and trembling .	1
my kind antonio ,  i can no other answer make but thanks ,  and thanks ,  and ever thanks .	1
i deny it not .	1
he’s a fool and a spendthrift .	1
i won’t have anything to do with it .	1
but one cup; i'll drink for you.	1
we want to hear it ,  antony .	1
what impossible subject will he make easy next?	1
well ,  then ,  you don’t have the affection that would teach you that you and i are one .	1
in mine eye she is the sweetest lady that ever i looked on .	1
get out of here ,  you horrible ghost ,  you hallucination .	1
their sweet air being gone ,  take them back again ,  because to the noble mind rich gifts grow poor when the givers prove unkind .	1
are you telling me this to make interest good?	1
tis a shrewd doubt ,  though it be but a dream .	1
and don’t lie .	1
mark how the tyrant writes .	1
but i feel not this deity in my bosom .	1
filth, thou liest!	1
go seek him out; speak fair, and bring the body into the chapel.	1
oh ,  come quickly !	1
how foolish do your fears seem now ,  calphurnia !	1
i did never know so full a voice issue from so empty a heart .	1
why not !	1
nobody comes ?	1
all right ,  we’ll see you at dinnertime .	1
you may tell every finger i have with my ribs .	1
bring it after me.	1
friends ,  come here .	1
thou wouldst else have made thy tale large .	1
do you have in there the pretty snake of the nile that kills without pain ?	1
nay ,  faith ,  i’ll see the church a' your back ,  and then come back to my master’s as soon as i can .	1
will you know them then ?	1
how many fond fools serve mad jealousy !	1
oh ,  proud death ,  what banquet are you preparing that you’ve needed to knock off so many princes at one stroke ?	1
now ,  you tell me: should i feel loyal to the moor ?	1
farewell!	1
nothing ,  my lord .	1
the worthy baron of ross.	1
toward peloponnesus are they fled .	1
what is the reason of this terrible summons ?	1
would she were hearsed at my foot ,  and the ducats in her coffin !	1
and ,  in conclusion ,  she shall watch all night ,  and if she chance to nod i’ll rail and brawl ,  and with the clamor keep her still awake .	1
for her i’ll be strange and condescending ,  and i’ll put on my yellow stockings and crisscross laces right away .	1
never ,  my lord .	1
i can too .	1
who’s ruining my rituals of true love ?	1
you tremble and look pale .	1
that she was false to wedlock?	1
here i’ll sit i' th' midst .	1
what revels are in store?	1
goodbye .	1
why, how should she be murdered?	1
a jealous spy ,  a jealous spy !	1
i’ll take all who served brutus into my service .	1
how poor are they who have no patience !	1
goodbye .	1
the venetians are waiting for their food .	1
o ,  my mind is full of scorpions ,  dear wife !	1
let’s go.	1
i protest unto thee— good heart ,  and i' faith ,  i will tell her as much .	1
well ,  sit we down ,  and let us hear barnardo speak of this .	1
please ,  don’t forget to leave me a tip .	1
dear sir ,  forbear !	1
art thou some god, some angel, or some devil that makest my blood cold, and my hair to stare?	1
just as hounds and greyhounds ,  mongrels ,  spaniels ,  mutts ,  shaggy lapdogs ,  swimming dogs ,  and wolf - dog crossbreeds are all dogs .	1
ho ,  guildenstern !	1
gallop quickly ,  you horses with fiery flames for feet ,  towards the sun god’s house .	1
i peseech you heartily ,  scurvy ,  lousy knave ,  at my desires ,  and my requests ,  and my petitions ,  to eat ,  look you ,  this leek .	1
what is to be said to him ,  lady ?	1
i rather think you haven’t sought her help, by whose soft grace, i have received her royal aid for a similar loss, and i am at peace.	1
what, my lord?	1
and for that offence we immediately exile him from here .	1
good - bye .	1
come on .	1
hast thou forgot thyself ?	1
i’m amazed you got here before me .	1
quickly let me have it .	1
trust me ,  i could do much— prithee ,  no more .	1
what is between you ?	1
when went there by an age since the great flood but it was famed with more than with one man ?	1
what, are you a pagan?	1
my very hairs do mutiny ,  for the white reprove the brown for rashness ,  and they them for fear and doting .	1
who’s that ?	1
trip away; make no stay; meet me all by break of day .	1
help ,  help ,  help !	1
swallows have built nests in cleopatra’s sails .	1
it’s impossible .	1
true .	1
come to my woman's breasts ,  and take my milk for gall ,  you murdering ministers ,  wherever in your sightless substances you wait on nature's mischief !	1
where did we leave off ?	1
his name !	1
take him hence .	1
farewell .	1
indeed !	1
if we do lose this battle ,  then is this the very last time we shall speak together .	1
i’m a surgeon to old shoes .	1
to tell you where he lives is to tell you where i lie.	1
those that are married already—all but one—shall live; the rest shall keep as they are.	1
you’re sick ,  yet you sneak out of your warm bed and let the humid and disease - infested air make you sicker ?	1
do you go back dismayed ?	1
what further pain must i endure in my old age ?	1
will you shog off ?	1
there's blood upon thy face .	1
where’s your master ?	1
in both my eyes, he doubly sees himself, one in each eye; swear by your double self, and there's an oath to believe.	1
you always loved to tell me i couldn’t do anything without being told .	1
all that glisters is not gold, often have you heard that told: many a man his life hath sold, but my outside to behold: gilded tombs do worms enfold.	1
you’re acting stupid ,  casca ,  and you lack the quick wits that a roman should have—or else you don’t use them .	1
we’re talking here in a public place .	1
he’s serious .	1
i would have thought her spirit had been invincible against all assaults of affection .	1
it well appears .	1
strike, drum.	1
he will not say so.	1
what, wilt thou wash him from his grave with tears?	1
give him heedful note; for i mine eyes will rivet to his face, and after we will both our judgments join in censure of his seeming.	1
good heavens ,  man ,  give them more than that !	1
thanks to your majesty.	1
on the platform where we stand guard ,  sir .	1
a sail ,  a sail ,  a sail !	1
i know no touch of it, my lord.	1
go ahead; you aren’t, cassius.	1
i hope to god othello’s all right .	1
don’t be late .	1
shylock ,  the world thinks ,  and i think so too ,  that thou but lead'st this fashion of thy malice to the last hour of act; and then ,  'tis thought thou'lt show thy mercy and remorse ,  more strange than is thy strange apparent cruelty: and where thou now exact'st the penalty ,  (which is a pound of this poor merchant's flesh , ) thou wilt not only loose the forfeiture ,  but ,  touch'd with human gentleness and love ,  forgive a moiety of the principal; glancing an eye of pity on his losses ,  that have of late so huddled on his back ,  enough to press a royal merchant down ,  and pluck commiseration of his state from brassy bosoms ,  and rough hearts of flint ,  from stubborn turks and tartars ,  never train'd to offices of tender courtesy .	1
therein the patient must minister to himself .	1
and i will run through fire ,  i will ,  for your sweet sake .	1
be witness to me ,  o thou blessèd moon ,  when men revolted shall upon record bear hateful memory ,  poor enobarbus did before thy face repent .	1
i hate my name ,  dear saint ,  because my name is your enemy .	1
look to the bak'd meats, good angelica; spare not for cost.	1
i asked you for gold to pay my soldiers ,  and you wouldn’t give it to me .	1
are you tyrrel ?	1
the sister of my wife ,  this lady here ,  is married to your son .	1
treason!	1
he’s conducting some business with my lady ,  and sooner or later he’ll leave .	1
servant-monster!	1
the oars were silver ,  which to the tune of flutes kept stroke ,  and made the water which they beat to follow faster ,  as amorous of their strokes .	1
wisdom !	1
my friend stephano, signify, i pray you, within the house, your mistress is at hand: and bring your music forth into the air.	1
they only pretend ,  pretend to poison ,  no offense in the world .	1
what is your parentage ?  ”   “ above my fortunes ,  yet my state is well .	1
i don’t think so.	1
marry ,  a perfumed one .	1
men must not walk too late .	1
i'll have the embroidery taken out ,  and give it iago .	1
lucius ! —fast asleep ?	1
to whom do you speak this ?	1
if you still feel so affectionate toward her ,  then why not give her permission to cheat on you ?	1
i do not bid thee call.	1
please ,  if it is ,  give it to me now ,  because i am slow in studying my lines .	1
i think he only loves life because of bassanio .	1
how  “ wear the garland ”  ?	1
and have not we affections ,  desires for sport ,  and frailty ,  as men have ?	1
music, and a song music, and a song hark!	1
pray you, come in.	1
we shall ,  my lord .	1
you’re a fool .	1
we'll have a speech straight .	1
but now the duke of buckingham and i are come from visiting his majesty .	1
fresh beauty attracts thugs and thieves even more than money .	1
that will never happen .	1
yes ,  cassius ,  and ,  from here on in ,  when you’re over - aggressive with your brutus ,  he'll think your mother scolds ,  and leave you alone .	1
fine, i' faith!	1
i’ll not believe ’t .	1
how does your patient ,  doctor ?	1
i will give you the most expensive in venice, and find out where it is by proclamation: only for this ring, please, excuse me.	1
what do you say ,  hugh rebeck ?	1
it only stands our lives upon to use our strongest hands .	1
i bet he slipped away and went home to bed .	1
my only love sprung from my only hate!	1
i beg you, hurry.	1
the time is very short .	1
is ’t possible ,  friend litio ,  that mistress bianca doth fancy any other but lucentio ?	1
i’ll be getting my own figures together in the meantime .	1
therefore love moderately .	1
out on thee ,  seeming !	1
i want my sword .	1
o, help him, you sweet heavens!	1
o heavens forbid !	1
a free rope with a nooses; nothing else, for god's sake!	1
the goodness of the night upon you ,  friends !	1
let him greet england with our sharp defiance .	1
there on the ground ,  with his own tears made drunk .	1
behold this man .	1
i must needs wake you .	1
but it is still doubtful whether caesar will come out today or not, because he’s grown superstitious lately, quite a distance from the main opinion he once held about fantasy, dreams, and ceremonies.	1
i’m not sure i can wait that long .	1
go tell the priests to do the sacrifice now ,  and bring me their opinions of success .	1
good words are better than bad strokes ,  octavius .	1
well, she’ll be there.	1
a very handsome man.	1
ratcliffe !	1
when you take occasions to see leeks hereafter ,  i pray you ,  mock at 'em ,  that is all .	1
there are two lodged together .	1
tis a villain ,  sir ,  i do not love to look on .	1
what ,  is he dead ?	1
his face showed more sorrow than anger .	1
why should men be more free than women ?	1
approach ,  you vicious fates !	1
how is she ?	1
which way did he who killed mercutio run?	1
that’s my noble master !	1
truly ,  i think they are .	1
alas, what ignorant sin have i committed?	1
besides ,  old gremio is heark'ning still ,  and happily we might be interrupted .	1
i kiss the instrument of their pleasures .	1
in both my eyes he doubly sees himself— in each eye ,  one .	1
was not charles ,  the duke’s wrestler ,  here to speak with me ?	1
what bastard doesn’t?	1
why did you it?	1
by our lady, thirty years.	1
may we do that?	1
benvolio, who began this bloody fight?	1
i swear the only ransom will be these bones of mine .	1
gallop apace, you fiery-footed steeds, towards phoebus’ lodging!	1
give ’s your hand .	1
speak to me .	1
hello ,  curan .	1
o sad sympathy !	1
even from that.	1
it is not honesty in me to speak what i have seen and known.	1
hark, hark, one knocks.	1
you know the law .	1
damn you for teaching me your language !	1
what a hard blow that was !	1
give me your present to one master bassanio ,  who indeed gives rare new liveries .	1
tell the king that i wish to speak with him, for a few words.	1
o, will you leave me so unsatisfied?	1
be not fond to think that caesar bears such rebel blood that will be thaw'd from the true quality with that which melteth fools, i mean sweet words, low-crooked court'sies, and base spaniel-fawning.	1
it’s worthless .	1
often i have heard of  “ sanctuary men ,  ”  but until now i’ve never heard of  “ sanctuary children .  ”  my lord ,  you’ve won me over this time .	1
the duke himself ,  or any of my brothers of the state ,  cannot but feel this wrong as 'twere their own; for if such actions may have passage free ,  bond - slaves and pagans shall our statesmen be .	1
well it may turn out that this warning figure comes armed through our watch, looking so like the king that was and is the question of these wars.	1
o, answer me!	1
god give me joy to wear it ,  for my heart is exceeding heavy .	1
o ,  pardon me for bringing these ill news ,  since you did leave it for my office ,  sir .	1
greater than both ,  by the all - hail hereafter !	1
long live gonzalo !	1
when i first heard about him ,  he was still a bachelor .	1
either thou or i, or both, must go with him.	1
well ,  the beginning that is dead and buried .	1
here comes antony .	1
it was well done ,  and thou shalt sleep again; i will not hold thee long .	1
iago beckons me; now he begins the story.	1
will you tell a monstrous lie ,  being only half fish and half a monster ?	1
here comes your father.	1
you can speak to me .	1
o ,  yes; as summer flies are in the swamps ,  that move quickly even with blowing .	1
tis a brave army ,  and full of purpose .	1
no ,  caesar hath it not ,  but you ,  and i ,  and honest casca ,  we have the falling sickness .	1
monster, i do smell all horse-piss, at which my nose is in great indignation.	1
of so high and plenteous wit and invention !	1
fie, there is no such man; it is impossible.	1
where's antony ?	1
let’s not fight over this fellow .	1
so shall you feel the loss, but not the friend which you weep for.	1
just come again tomorrow .	1
help me here, hello!	1
indeed ?	1
welcome back from mantua .	1
indeed ,  i am no mourner for that news ,  because they have been still my adversaries .	1
should we sing a round to wake up the night owl ?	1
alas ,  what ignorant sin have i committed ?	1
therefore ,  queen of all ,  katherine ,  break thy mind to me in broken english .	1
it’s too bad i’m so hard - hearted ,  because i really don’t love anyone .	1
what is ’t ,  ophelia ,  he hath said to you ?	1
how came you ,  cassio ,  by that handkerchief that was my wife’s ?	1
but with a rearward following tybalt's death, ‘romeo is banished’— to speak that word is father, mother, tybalt, romeo, juliet, all slain, all dead.	1
yet ,  by your gracious patience ,  i will a round unvarnish'd tale deliver of my whole course of love: what drugs ,  what charms ,  what conjuration ,  and what mighty magic for such proceeding i am charged withal i won his daughter .	1
for brutus ,  as you know ,  was caesar’s angel .	1
yes ,  and it seemed twice as long to me ,  having been kept from your bed that whole time .	1
my lord ,  my lord !	1
farewell .	1
god ye good morrow ,  gentlemen .	1
here is a rural fellow that will not be denied your highness’ presence .	1
by my brotherhood, the letter was not nice, but full of charge, of dear import; and the neglecting it may do much danger.	1
curse your eyes, they have looked me over and divided me: one half of me is yours, the other half is also yours, my own love, i would say; but if my love, then yours, and so everything yours.	1
oh ,  jew !	1
be these the wretches that we played at dice for ?	1
or is he walking ?	1
i’ve changed my mind about that .	1
i thought everything out here was wild ,  which is why i acted so stern and commanding .	1
the back - handed thrust !	1
shall we go watch this wrestling ,  cousin ?	1
no ,  that i don’t remember .	1
it is he .	1
no ,  no .	1
whither ?	1
that drop of blood that's in control says i’m a bastard, cries my father’s wife was unfaithful, brands the harlot even here, between the chaste unmarked brows of my true mother.	1
my friend, your husband, honest, honest iago.	1
what is this here ?	1
i know a lady in venice would have walked barefoot to palestine for a touch of his nether lip.	1
though their injunction be to bar my doors and let this tyrannous night take hold upon you ,  yet have i ventured to come seek you out and bring you where both fire and food is ready .	1
nay ,  this was but his dream .	1
this is one lucianus, nephew to the king.	1
the old man and his people cannot be well bestowed .	1
do not you wear your dagger in your cap that day ,  lest he knock that about yours .	1
dost thou hold there still ?	1
take my sword .	1
grief of my son's exile hath stopp'd her breath .	1
i am justly killed with my own wickedness .	1
who cannot want the thought, how monstrous it was for malcolm and for donalbain to kill their gracious father?	1
here comes my man .	1
i don’t understand .	1
strategy makes a better soldier than haste .	1
i'll find either death or you immediately .	1
where is she?	1
here ,  here will i remain with worms that are thy chambermaids .	1
what didn’t you like?	1
for that reason ,  take our last ,  eternal goodbye .	1
faith, we may put up our pipes and be gone.	1
if caesar had stabbed their mothers they would have done no less .	1
i only believe part of it, because my spirit is fresh, and i am resolved to meet all perils very constantly.	1
what do i find here?	1
if they told the truth ,  as their speeches shine on you ,  macbeth ,  why ,  by the truths made good on you ,  might they not be my prophecies as well ,  and set up my hopes ?	1
good morning ,  kate ,  for i hear that’s what you’re called .	1
sit down awhile ,  and let us tell you once again ,  you who is so stubborn in not believing our story ,  what we have seen these last two nights .	1
enough ,  enough .	1
i shall do so; only i must also feel it as a man .	1
though the wisdom of nature can reason it thus and thus ,  yet nature finds itself scourged by the sequent effects .	1
is rosaline, that thou didst love so dear, so soon forsaken?	1
if i should take a displeasure against you ,  look you— thou wert but a lost monster .	1
where are you going ?	1
she picks it up quick ,  doesn’t she ?	1
very well .	1
good night .	1
well, i will undertake it.	1
haven’t you ever heard the saying ,   “ two can conspire to put one away ”  ?	1
what do you think i’ve got on my head ?	1
my lord ,  there wasn’t any such stuff in my thoughts .	1
listen to the captain's whistle .	1
even though half of him is like a	1
you will listen to me .	1
no ,  i didn’t say that .	1
tis no less ,  i tell ye; for the bawdy hand of the dial is now upon the prick of noon .	1
caesar ,  i shall .	1
i have no wife.	1
if she sustain him and his hundred knights when i have showed th' unfitness— here ,  madam .	1
hey ,  love ,  i say !	1
can heaven be so jealous ?	1
villainy, villainy, villainy!	1
if that be to care for nothing ,  sir ,  i would it would make you invisible .	1
sir ,  i must have that diamond from you .	1
tonight i’m having a feast that we’ve celebrated for many years .	1
tis wonder that thy life and wits at once had not concluded all . —he wakes .	1
signior bassanio ,  hear me: if i do not put on a sober habit ,  talk with respect ,  and swear but now and then ,  wear prayer - books in my pocket ,  look demurely; nay more ,  while grace is saying ,  hood mine eyes thus with my hat ,  and sigh ,  and say amen; use all the observance of civility ,  like one well studied in a sad ostent to please his grandam , —never trust me more .	1
speak ,  is ’t out o' th' way ?	1
come ,  let us go .	1
octavius ,  then take him to follow you ,  who did the latest service to my master .	1
o spite of spites !	1
dismiss your attendant there ,  look ’t be done .	1
if we leave ,  it will feel like nothing less than death to them .	1
edmund ,  go find him .	1
will you fight well ?	1
nor heaven nor earth have been at peace tonight .	1
my lord, i came to see your father's funeral.	1
no more words .	1
hello !	1
the humiliation that the king is suffering now will be revenged thoroughly .	1
sister ,  where thou ?	1
hie thee ,  gentle jew .	1
i charge thee ,  hence ,  and do not haunt me thus .	1
thither i must ,  although against my will ,  for servants must their masters' minds fulfill .	1
some of them are leaning already .	1
god 'ild you ,  sir .	1
no ,  don’t cry ,  kind eros .	1
upon the king !	1
yet here ,  laertes ?	1
and when she speaks ,  doesn’t her voice stir up passion ?	1
what sayest thou now ?	1
from my house ,  if i had it— the sixth of july .	1
the dew is raw and cold .	1
i’m suddenly afraid .	1
thou villain capulet ! —hold me not ,  let me go .	1
more to know did never meddle with my thoughts .	1
thou told'st me they were stolen unto this wood, and here am i, and wood within this wood, because i cannot meet my hermia.	1
and then the lion vanishes .	1
i think all tendencies to jealousy were burned out of him by the sun of his native land .	1
why ,  i think so .	1
i am fire and air ,  my other elements i give to baser life . —so ,  have you done ?	1
what ,  not a word ?	1
marry ,  if he that writ it had played pyramus and hanged himself in thisbe’s garter ,  it would have been a fine tragedy .	1
with all my heart.	1
at your request, monster, i will do reason, any reason.	1
does caesar come to the capitol tomorrow?	1
god almighty ,  there is some soul of goodness in things evil ,  would men observingly distill it out .	1
wilt thou lift up olympus ?	1
call philostrate.	1
where are you ,  pindarus ?	1
all these are bearable, when weighed against other graces.	1
o woeful ,  woeful ,  woeful day !	1
come ,  shall we hear this music ?	1
you’ll remain a prisoner until we bring your crimes to the venetian government . —okay ,  take him away .	1
that the soul of our grandam might haply inhabit a bird .	1
i should be wise ,  for honesty’s a fool and loses that it works for .	1
well, well, thou hast a careful father, child; one who, to put thee from thy heaviness, hath sorted out a sudden day of joy that thou expects not, nor i look'd not for.	1
the strings ,  my lord ,  are false .	1
without his roe ,  like a dried herring .	1
a most wicked sir oliver ,  audrey ,  a most vile martext .	1
i’m going to the friar to find out his solution .	1
shylock, the world thinks, and i think so too, that you only carry this kind of malice to the very last hour of action; and then, it’s thought, you'll show your mercy and remorse, more strangely than your strange apparent cruelty is; and where you now exact the penalty,— which is a pound of this poor merchant's flesh,— you will not only loose the default, but, touched with human gentleness and love, forgive half of the borrowed amount, glancing with an eye of pity on his losses, that have been so heaped on his back lately, enough to press a royal merchant down, and get sympathy for his state from brassy bosoms and rough hearts of stone, from stubborn turks and tartars, never trained to uses of tender courtesy.	1
but what o' that?	1
i attend them with all respect and duty .	1
you certainly deserve it .	1
damned fact !	1
can’t someone speak ?	1
very many ,  men and women too .	1
thou speakest aright: i am that merry wanderer of the night .	1
my brother is imprisoned because of you ,  i am disgraced ,  and the nobility are held in contempt while those who two days ago weren’t worth a dime have suddenly been promoted .	1
o, he's a lovely gentleman!	1
look where it comes again !	1
and i with him .	1
but for a satisfaction of my thought; no further harm.	1
a fine woman !	1
my name is hortensio ,  sir .	1
indeed ,  i should have asked you before who he was .	1
tis now but four o'clock .	1
what a long night this is !	1
or of a courtier ,  which could say 'good morrow ,  sweet lord !	1
i perceive these lords at this encounter do so much admire that they devour their reason and scarce think their eyes do offices of truth ,  their words are natural breath . —but howsoev'r you have been justled from your senses ,  know for certain that i am prospero and that very duke which was thrust forth of milan ,  who most strangely upon this shore where you were wracked ,  was landed ,  to be the lord on ’t .	1
and also to find out the size of the enemy army .	1
proclaim no shame when the compulsive ardour gives the charge, since frost itself as actively doth burn, and reason panders will.	1
which way ran he that kill'd mercutio?	1
i hope what she’s saying is well ,  sir !	1
claudius!	1
all very upset ,  with pindarus his slave ,  on this hill .	1
in his lawless fit ,  behind the arras hearing something stir ,  whips out his rapier ,  cries 'a rat ,  a rat !	1
that’s why the king of france listened to my pleas and tears .	1
very wise .	1
when you record these sad events in your letters ,  please describe me exactly as i am .	1
i don’t want to hear you sing .	1
but i'll beat the knave into a twiggen bottle.	1
do so ,  good messala .	1
take in the topsail.	1
how do you know ?	1
i should have been more strange, i must confess, but that thou overheard'st, ere i was ware, my true love's passion.	1
most humbly therefore bending to your state ,  i crave fit disposition for my wife ,  due reference of place and exhibition ,  with such accommodation and besort as levels with her breeding .	1
the services i have done for the venetian government will count for more than his complaints will .	1
my lady !	1
for shame ,  my lord ,  for shame !	1
murder and treason!	1
my leg is cut in two.	1
she’s busy ,  and she cannot come !  ”  is that an answer ?	1
hath she forsook so many noble matches, her father and her country and her friends, to be call'd whore?	1
go to; farewell.	1
dry up your tears, and stick your rosemary on this fair corpse; and, as the custom is, in all her best array, carry her to church, because, although foolish nature bids us all to grieve, still nature's tears are sanity's happiness.	1
who, i?	1
i can read .	1
happily the seas ,  and different countries with other things ,  shall cure and get rid of this problem in his heart that has such a hold on him ,  which his still active brain makes him like this from being himself .	1
what a plague means my niece ,  to take the death of her brother thus ?	1
if that can be done ,  then i think we’ve covered everything .	1
it’s as common for us old people to assume we know more than we do as for young people to be too wild and crazy .	1
words without thoughts never to heaven go .	1
save you, friend cassio!	1
sir ,  you and i must part company—no ,  that’s not it .	1
we have ,  sir .	1
music!	1
there is time enough.	1
lucius !	1
hear me for my cause, and be silent, that you may hear.	1
look at me now !	1
what might be toward ,  that this sweaty haste doth make the night joint laborer with the day ?	1
what should i answer you ?	1
i’ll go and join my men .	1
and i another so weary with disasters ,  tugg'd with fortune ,  that i would set my life on any chance ,  to mend it or be rid on ’t .	1
then, his thisbe must be answered, and my creation comes back to the rehearsal.	1
what does that mean?	1
you’d make a good fool .	1
is it the king?	1
what's the news from venice?	1
sovereign, here lies the county paris slain; and romeo dead; and juliet, dead before, warm and new kill'd.	1
yes, my lord, and of calf-skins too.	1
i had as lief have my mistress a jade .	1
alas, he faints!	1
he was so slick in covering over his plans that if it hadn’t been for his love affair with shore’s wife ,  i would never have suspected him .	1
thou losest labor.	1
you are too officious in her behalf that scorns your services .	1
so it’s no surprise that demetrius runs away from me as if i were a monster .	1
wrench his sword from him .	1
we'll wait upon your lordship .	1
when spake i such a word ?	1
yes ,  i think that’s true .	1
not romeo, prince; he was mercutio's friend; his fault concludes but what the law should end, the life of tybalt.	1
i will say nothing .	1
there is no other shelter hereabouts .	1
touch me not so near: i had rather have this tongue cut from my mouth than it should do offense to michael cassio; yet, i persuade myself, to speak the truth shall nothing wrong him.	1
caliban  stephano !	1
now bid me run, and i will strive with things impossible, yea, get the better of them.	1
my lord, this is my daughter here asleep; and this lysander; this demetrius is; this helena, old nedar's helena.	1
have you killed tybalt?	1
this tyrant ,  whose only name blisters our tongues ,  was once thought honest .	1
it begins  “ hold thy peace .  ”  i shall never begin if i hold my peace .	1
let the king have the letters i have sent, and repair thou to me with as much speed as thou wouldst fly death.	1
o ,  i am fortune's fool !	1
o ,  much i fear some ill unlucky thing .	1
let's make us medicines of our great revenge ,  to cure this deadly grief .	1
meantime i writ to romeo ,  that he should hither come as this dire night ,  to help to take her from her borrowed grave ,  being the time the potion’s force should cease .	1
these our actors, as i told you before, were all spirits and have melted into air, into thin air: and, like the invisible fabric of this vision, the cloud-capped towers, the gorgeous palaces, the solemn temples, the great world itself, yes, all who inherit it, shall dissolve and leave not even a clue behind, as this pageant of no substance faded.	1
your nymphs ,  called naiads of the wandering brooks ,  with your sedged crowns and over - harmless looks ,  leave your crisp channels and on this green land answer your summons; juno does command .	1
no ,  he’s a devil—a devil ,  i tell you !	1
out of my sight ! — be not offended ,  dear cesario . — rudesby ,  be gone !	1
if you prick us ,  do we not bleed ?	1
what ,  wilt thou wash him from his grave with tears ?	1
octavius, lead your battle softly on, upon the left hand of the even field.	1
but where’s the money ?	1
o that my prayers could such affection move!	1
she’s full of good advice .	1
what could you possibly ask of me that i wouldn’t give you ,  as long as it didn’t damage my honor and self - respect ?	1
look what a wardrobe here is for thee !	1
i understand not what you mean by this.	1
gives me the lie i' the throat ,  as deep as to the lungs ?	1
if you poison us ,  don’t we die ?	1
damn your voice, you loud, cursing, selfish dog!	1
oh ,  how mine eyes do loathe his visage now !	1
ay .	1
i’ll change that name for you .	1
it must be a spirit .	1
he lies tonight within seven leagues of rome .	1
that with this little arm and this good sword i have made my way through more impediments than twenty times your stop .	1
no ,  you can’t sign a contract like that for me !	1
i tell you ,  though ,  it’s incredible how much she loves me .	1
what's best to do ?	1
but, since the affairs of men rest still incertain, let's reason with the worst that may befall.	1
ok ,  i’ll do it .	1
i was afraid he was only trifling with you and meant to wreck you, but curse my jealousy!	1
and ,  which is worse ,  all you have done hath been but for a wayward son ,  spiteful and wrathful: who ,  as others do ,  loves for his own ends ,  not for you .	1
by foul play ,  as thou sayst ,  were we heaved thence ,  but blessedly holp hither .	1
thou hast some suit to caesar ,  hast thou not ?	1
master ,  is this mistress satan ?	1
where is thy leather apron and thy rule?	1
oh ,  the heavens !	1
pity the hand that shed this valuable blood .	1
the servants of the duke and my lieutenant ?	1
what shall i swear by ?	1
content ,  in faith; i'll seal to such a bond ,  and say there is much kindness in the jew .	1
we haven’t been able to meet on a hill or in a valley ,  in the forest or a meadow ,  by a pebbly fountain or a rushing stream ,  or on the beach by the ocean without you disturbing us .	1
my lord of orléans ,  and my lord high constable ,  you talk of horse and armor ?	1
give me the cups, and let the kettle drum speak to the trumpet, the trumpet to the cannon man outside, the cannons to the heavens, the heavens to earth, 'now the king drinks to hamlet.” come, begin.	1
what, frightened by false fire!	1
we will mingle with these people ,  and play the humble host .	1
o my dear gertrude, this, like to a murdering-piece, in many places gives me superfluous death.	1
i prithee, do so.	1
let her be round with him; and i'll be placed, so please you, in the ear of all their conference.	1
trust to it.	1
do you remember the circumstances ?	1
what handkerchief ?	1
where is this king?	1
do all men kill the things they don’t love ?	1
i had no judgment when to her i swore.	1
can heaven be so envious?	1
what’s that to thee ?	1
no ,  no !	1
and prompt me, plain and holy innocence!	1
yes, pilgrim, lips that they must use in prayer.	1
nurse ,  give my regards to to your lady .	1
strike as you did at caesar, because i know, when you hated him the worst, you loved him better than ever you loved cassius.	1
whether i go ahead with them or not is completely up to you .	1
what ,  from myself ?	1
yet my heart throbs to know one thing .	1
tis nine o'clock .	1
egypt ,  thou knew’st too well my heart was to thy rudder tied by th’ strings ,  and thou shouldst tow me after .	1
who can explain this to me ?	1
call the priest .	1
i know that voice .	1
prithee ,  no more .	1
what, are you answer'd yet?	1
and fair she is ,  if that mine eyes be true .	1
there they hoist us ,  to cry to th’ sea that roared to us ,  to sigh to th’ winds ,  whose pity ,  sighing back again ,  did us but loving wrong .	1
nay ,  let's follow him .	1
else the puck a liar call .	1
from the looks of him ,  he can tell us the latest news of the revolt .	1
we are sent from our royal master, to give you thanks; only to bring you, announced, into his sight, not just pay you for your brave deeds.	1
it’s mercutio’s relative ,  noble count paris !	1
your wife would give you little thanks for that if she were by to hear you make the offer .	1
i am no prostitute, but have life as honest as you that abuse me like this.	1
enough.	1
let our catch be  “ thou knave .  ”   “ hold thy peace ,  thou knave ,  ”  knight ?	1
this is like if i asked you to wear your gloves when it’s cold outside ,  or eat nutritious food ,  or do something that’s good for you .	1
no, please, sir, don’t be angry with me; yet, if you’re angry, sir, i can mend you.	1
thank you ,  your majesty .	1
that’s not the tune i had in mind .	1
i tell you she is, and therefore make her grave straight.	1
but stay awhile .	1
come, go, good juliet.	1
caesar ?	1
i learned it in england where indeed they are most potent in potting .	1
o clitus!	1
to plainness honor’s bound when majesty falls to folly .	1
run away ,  i beg you !	1
no wonder, sir, but certainly a maid.	1
persist with desdemona well, and you are sure of it.	1
quiet !	1
does it really make sense ,  once we divide the world into three parts ,  that he should be one of the three rulers ?	1
is it true?	1
nurse ,  commend me to your lady and mistress .	1
lead him off.	1
what is my name ?	1
bring me a bigger one .	1
but such officers do the king best service in the end .	1
almost afraid to know itself .	1
i will drown myself immediately .	1
if he fail of that ,  he will have other means to cut you off .	1
yea ,  that she did .	1
so tell them, publius.	1
therefore go with me .	1
thou dar’st as well be hanged .	1
the more i love him ,  the more he hates me .	1
wear both of them ,  for both of them are thine .	1
but then i saw no harm ,  and then i heard each syllable that breath made up between them .	1
what's in a name ?	1
i shall ,  king harry .	1
he sups tonight with a harlotry ,  and thither will i go to him .	1
i take no pleasure in aught an eunuch has .	1
if grief doesn’t kill me ,  i’ll find a quicker way to kill myself—even though i think grief will do the job just as well .	1
the time between six and now must be spent most preciously by us both.	1
if i’m going to sing along with you ,  i need to know what key you’re singing in .	1
give me some comfort, nurse.	1
who could refrain ,  that had a heart to love ,  and in that heart courage to make's love known ?	1
i pardon him ,  with all my heart; and yet no man like him makes my heart so sad .	1
one ,  gentlewoman ,  that god hath made ,  himself to mar .	1
give me your hand; do you come from old bellario ?	1
you hear him all night .	1
but jealous souls will not be answer'd so; they are not ever jealous for the cause ,  but jealous for they are jealous .	1
death of thy soul !	1
never did faithful subject more rejoice at the discovery of most dangerous treason than i do at this hour joy o'er myself ,  prevented from a damnèd enterprise .	1
you are too hot under the collar .	1
octavia is of a holy ,  cold ,  and still conversation .	1
i will play it in either your straw - color beard ,  your orange - tawny beard ,  your purple - in - grain beard ,  or your french - crown - color beard ,  your perfect yellow .	1
i took good care of you—piece of filth that you are—and let you stay in my own hut until you tried to rape my daughter .	1
even he that makes her queen .	1
one dead ,  or drunk ?	1
tis strange.	1
i’ll answer for everything .	1
speak, speak!	1
for my part, i don’t lie in it, yet it ‘s mine.	1
octavia weeps at the thought of leaving rome .	1
but break ,  my heart ,  for i must hold my tongue !	1
this is a foolish man without merit ,  good to be sent on errands .	1
i am all the daughters of my father’s house ,  and all the brothers too—and yet i know not .	1
here comes the count .	1
why ,  what an ass i am !	1
i went beyond what i was going to say to tell you about it.	1
i will in cassio's lodging lose this napkin ,  and let him find it .	1
you know that the night hides my face; otherwise ,  a maiden’s blush would paint my cheek for what you overheard me say tonight .	1
i pray you ,  what thinks he of our estate ?	1
it remains like this, and the remainder like this.	1
good night ,  you amazing woman ,  you .	1
what should this mean ?	1
saw you no more ?	1
helen ,  to you our minds we will unfold .	1
jove protect you well for this!	1
i'll go farther away .	1
mine ear is much enamored of thy note; so is mine eye enthralled to thy shape; and thy fair virtue's force perforce doth move me, on the first view to say, to swear, i love thee.	1
shylock ,  albeit i neither lend nor borrow ,  by taking ,  nor by giving of excess ,  yet ,  to supply the ripe wants of my friend ,  i'll break a custom:—is he yet possess'd how much you would ?	1
o ,  help !	1
where are you ,  proud demetrius ?	1
can he be angry ?	1
he who chooses me will get as much as he deserves .  ”  as much as he deserves—wait a minute there ,  morocco ,  and consider your own value with a level head .	1
i am not sick ,  if brutus have in hand any exploit worthy the name of honor .	1
i have walked around the streets ,  exposing myself to the perilous night ,  unbuttoned like this ,  as you see ,  casca ,  baring my chest to the thunderbolt .	1
that i have ,  lady .	1
here ,  peter quince .	1
away !	1
actors can’t keep a secret .	1
wilt thou be fast to my hopes ,  if i depend on the issue ?	1
that’s the end .	1
neighbors ,  god speed .	1
what lights are coming?	1
lysander ,  keep your hermia; i will have none of her .	1
and he did bid us follow to the temple .	1
two or three of us have seen strange things .	1
will you have her ?	1
you’re right ,  actually .	1
what is the tyrant doing?	1
if it please his majesty, it is the relaxing time of day with me.	1
where is metellus cimber ?	1
but i’ll write again to mantua ,  and i’ll keep her in my cell until romeo comes .	1
give me your arm .	1
but as it stands ,  i wish i could believe it wasn’t .	1
what’s the news?	1
the quarrel is between our masters and us their men .	1
the earth hath swallowed all my hopes but she; she is the hopeful lady of my earth.	1
come, be a man.	1
so swift a pace hath thought that even now you may imagine him upon blackheath ,  where that his lords desire him to have borne his bruisèd helmet and his bended sword before him through the city .	1
the woman falls; surely ,  he has killed his wife .	1
i overheard him and his practices .	1
we will meet; and there we may rehearse most obscenely and courageously .	1
this is the man .	1
brutus ”  will start a spirit as soon as  “ caesar .  ”  now in the names of all the gods at once ,  upon what meat doth this our caesar feed that he is grown so great ?	1
where art thou ,  proud demetrius ?	1
what should i do ?	1
to have no separation between this part he played and the man he played it for ,  he had to become the absolute duke of milan .	1
a friend .	1
it is the east ,  and juliet is the sun !	1
so oft as that shall be ,  so often shall the knot of us be call'd the men that gave their country liberty .	1
really ,  my lord ,  i don’t know what to make of it ,  but she loves him with such a passion that it’s past all understanding .	1
and if you’re not as attentive in serving him as you used to be ,  that’ll be good .	1
i’ve never been more useful to you than i will be now .	1
what need we fear who knows it ,  when none can call our power to account ?	1
i wouldn’t have given it away for a whole jungle of monkeys .	1
i’m going to cry .	1
have you forgotten the horrid witch sycorax ,  stooped over with old age and ill will ?	1
he’s in his chambers now ,  and he’s extremely upset .	1
take up my mistress' gown to his master’s use !	1
before you can say, “come” and “go,” and breathe twice, and cry “so, so,” each one, tripping on his toe, will be here with tricks and pranks.	1
how can you ever hope for mercy for yourself ,  when you don’t give any now ?	1
i'll court his favours.	1
do you have permission to go out and take confession today ?	1
o horror ,  horror ,  horror !	1
murder and treason !	1
you can’t get any more money out of me right now .	1
the pig ,  or the great ,  or the mighty ,  or the huge ,  or the magnanimous are all one reckonings ,  save the phrase is a little variations .	1
death lies on her like an untimely frost upon the sweetest flower of all the field .	1
don’t presume too much about my friendship; i may do something that i’ll be sorry for .	1
this used to be contradictory, but now the time proves it’s true.	1
this is the dauphin’s message .	1
young edward lives; think now what i would speak .	1
lady ,  such a man as all the world why he's the very image of a wax statue .	1
i really think it was him .	1
it is the more like to be feigned .	1
speak, i am obliged to listen.	1
speak, because my heart is full.	1
how many people are cowards at heart but wear beards like hercules or mars ,  the god of war ?	1
you have obtain'd it.	1
make it no wonder .	1
and so farewell . —katherina ,  you may stay ,  for i have more to commune with bianca .	1
i heard a voice cry ,   " sleep no more !	1
your royal father’s murdered .	1
why ,  now thou diest as bravely as titinius ,  and mayst be honor'd ,  being cato's son .	1
tis neither here nor there .	1
but that my lady beatrice should know me ,  and not know me !	1
romeo !	1
before the bat has flown his hidden flight, before black hecate's summons are heard, before the dung beetle, with his drowsy hums, rings the bell to end the night, there shall be done a deed of dreadful note.	1
ay ,  caesar ,  but not gone .	1
are you kidding ?	1
do you know captain gower ?	1
ay ,  but ,  lady ,  that policy may either last so long ,  or feed upon such nice and waterish diet ,  or breed itself so out of circumstances ,  that i being absent and my place supplied ,  my general will forget my love and service .	1
my dear - lov'd cousin ,  and my dearer lord ?	1
good duke ,  receive thy daughter .	1
o comfortable friar !	1
i will not take it .	1
i find not myself disposed to sleep.	1
it is a speck of dust to irritate the mind's eye .	1
ha ,  ha ,  ha !	1
i never gave him gifts.	1
if you let her go this easily ,  sir andrew ,  you don’t deserve to ever use your sword again .	1
madam ,  withdraw: the prince ,  the count ,  signor benedick ,  don john ,  and all the gallants of the town are come to fetch you to church .	1
beware of getting into a quarrel ,  but ,  once you are in ,  fight so that the man you fight with may beware of you .	1
that is no slander, sir, which is a truth; and what i spake, i spake it to my face.	1
goodbye .	1
i am woe for't, sir.	1
not sick, my lord, unless it be in mind; nor well, unless in mind: his letter there will show you his estate.	1
to know my errand, madam.	1
she and susan—god rest her and all christian souls—were born on the same day .	1
stand back .	1
don’t bother us.	1
if ever you disturb our streets again, you will suffer the death penalty for breaking the peace.	1
well ,  you have given me great comfort .	1
you’ve bet on the weaker fencer .	1
romeo slew him; he slew mercutio.	1
what ?	1
do you want my true opinion ?	1
oh grim - looked night !	1
yeah ,  by my truth ,  the case may be amended .	1
yond same black cloud ,  yond huge one ,  looks like a foul bombard that would shed his liquor .	1
has it been so long ?	1
that; and then, i grant, we put a sting in him that at his will he may do danger with.	1
o ,  ’tis a parlous boy ,  bold ,  quick ,  ingenious ,  forward ,  capable .	1
have i not reason ,  beldams as you are ?	1
this is the most miserable hour of all time !	1
thy brother by decree is banished.	1
mobled queen’ is good.	1
quiet !	1
damned fact!	1
o cassio, cassio, cassio!	1
didst thou not hear somebody ?	1
o husband!	1
within the next three days i want to hear you tell me that cassio’s dead .	1
go ,  lovell ,  with all speed to doctor shaw .	1
i had put bitter wormwood on my breast as i was sitting in the sun ,  under the wall of the dovehouse .	1
i have not deserved this .	1
if each grain of sand had a tongue to eulogize ,  my horse would be a topic for them all .	1
why then ,  your ambition makes it one .	1
marry her as you should have married her cousin ,  and i will let my revenge die .	1
her body sleeps in capels’ monument, and her immortal part with angels lives.	1
methinks i see thee now ,  thou art so low as one dead in the bottom of a tomb .	1
yes ,  he will ,  and the queen as well .	1
but look where sadly the poor wretch comes reading .	1
her father loved me, often invited me; still questioned me the story of my life, from year to year, the battles, sieges, fortunes, that i have been in.	1
destruction take my soul, but i do love you!	1
well, in that hit you miss.	1
o, it is evil in her.	1
what would you like ,  laertes ?	1
or stole it ,  rather .	1
i take this offer then: pay the promise to pay three times ,  and let the christian go .	1
let’s go for it .	1
alas ,  i am the mother of all these others' griefs .	1
tell us your name ,  sir ,  truthfully .	1
you are keen ,  my lord ,  you are keen .	1
i’ll give you cramps for saying that—horrible pains in your sides that will keep you from breathing .	1
hey ,  look over there !	1
what, my lord!	1
unaccommodated man is no more but such a poor ,  bare ,  forked animal as thou art . —  off ,  off ,  you lendings !	1
my noble uncle ,  do you know the cause ?	1
i shall miss thee ,  but yet thou shalt have freedom . —so ,  so ,  so . — to the king’s ship ,  invisible as thou art .	1
i’ll board him presently .	1
if thus thou vanishest ,  thou tell’st the world it is not worth leave - taking .	1
dark as hell ,  sir topas .	1
i myself will board the ship right away and go to the state to relate his heavy act with heavy heart.	1
he’s like a cowardly	1
so should he look that seems to speak things strange.	1
all men say you are changeable.	1
it shall be done, my lord.	1
what!	1
lo ,  she is one of this confederacy !	1
but, come, for england!	1
as for lord hamlet, only believe so much about him, that he is young, and he may walk on a higher mountain than may be given you.	1
while you were dazed by grief—which isn’t appropriate for a man like you—cassio showed up here .	1
now ,  forward with your tale . —prithee ,  stand farther off .	1
i’m sure you aren’t launcelot ,  my boy .	1
a living puppet show .	1
do but encave yourself, and mark the fleers, the gibes, and notable scorns, that dwell in every region of his face; for i will make him tell the tale anew, where, how, how oft, how long ago, and when he hath and is again to cope your wife: i say, but mark his gesture.	1
who will go with me ?	1
pale ,  or red ?	1
but you should hurry anyway .	1
an if your wife be not a mad woman, and know how well i have deserv'd the ring, she would not hold out enemy for ever, for giving it to me.	1
a beautiful woman!	1
hit them !	1
you show'd your teeth like apes ,  and fawn'd like hounds ,  and bow'd like bondmen ,  kissing caesar's feet; whilst damned casca ,  like a cur ,  behind struck caesar on the neck .	1
infirm of purpose !	1
malcolm !	1
by the pricking of my thumbs ,  something wicked this way comes .	1
it looks that way .	1
why ?	1
on land you keep the legions and cavalry together ,  don’t you ?	1
verona ,  for a while i take my leave ,  to see my friends in padua ,  but of all my best belovèd and approvèd friend ,  hortensio .	1
speak ,  man .	1
pindarus ,  bid our commanders lead their charges off a little from this ground .	1
but my personal motivation—and that which should move you most to sanction my departure—is that fulvia is dead .	1
was not that nobly done ?	1
if thou more murmur'st, i will rend an oak, and peg thee in his knotty entrails till thou hast howled away twelve winters.	1
what else could you possibly think of me ?	1
do not then walk too open .	1
is it true that good king edward has died ?	1
go ,  go ,  good countrymen ,  and to make up for having done wrong ,  gather up all the poor men like yourselves ,  lead them to the tiber ,  and weep into the river until it overflows its banks .	1
not i ,  believe me .	1
you’re wasting your efforts.	1
then are our beggars bodies ,  and our monarchs and outstretched heroes the beggars' shadows .	1
you are welcome to elsinore .	1
in orsino’s bosom .	1
can you imagine cement and stone talking better ?	1
if he seems game to our plan ,  encourage him to join us and explain all our reasons .	1
do you like this haste ?	1
indeed he has played on this prologue like a child on a recorder, a sound, but not in order.	1
make no delay .	1
i will be hanged ,  if some eternal villain ,  some busy and insinuating rogue ,  some cogging ,  cozening slave ,  to get some office ,  have not devised this slander .	1
what say you?	1
welcome hither.	1
he didn’t ask questions ,  but answered ours at length .	1
oh ,  i could play the woman with mine eyes and braggart with my tongue !	1
all torment ,  trouble ,  wonder ,  and amazement inhabits here .	1
as great to me as late; and supportable to make the dear loss have i means much weaker than you may call to comfort you, for i have lost my daughter.	1
down ,  strumpet !	1
it is monstrous .	1
approach ,  ye furies fell .	1
sir paris, i will make a desperate tender of my child's love.	1
the poor monster's my subject ,  and he shall not suffer indignity .	1
you must be crazy to say that !	1
if it had not fallen dead flat .	1
the residue of your fortune go to my cave and tell me . —good old man ,  thou art right welcome as thy master is .	1
you don’t use your knowledge effectively, if you give into unexpected evil events.	1
for no man ,  sir .	1
my master's.	1
now go to the door ,  and stay there until we call .	1
is this not more than our imaginations ?	1
i weigh it lightly ,  were it heavier .	1
if you would have such a man ,  take me .	1
let him alone ,  for i remember now how he’s employed .	1
well ,  go home .	1
how now, my dear othello!	1
why ,  i pray you ?	1
for thou hast been as one ,  in suff'ring all ,  that suffers nothing; a man that fortune's buffets and rewards hast ta'en with equal thanks; and blest are those whose blood and judgment are so well commeddled that they are not a pipe for fortune's finger to sound what stop she please .	1
don’t be lost so badly in your thoughts.	1
what, shall we forth?	1
but there’s reason for me to look more closely at this schoolmaster .	1
speaking for myself—and no offense to the general or anyone else—i hope i’m going to heaven .	1
but why did you tempt the heavens like that ?	1
then know that from my soul i love your daughter .	1
ay ,  so i thought .	1
have i ,  my lord ?	1
listen up ,  you slave .	1
you say very true ,  scald knave ,  when god’s will is .	1
tis with cares .	1
or tell me ,  my sweet love ,  what you’d like to eat .	1
o dardanius !	1
was my father a traitor ,  mother ?	1
you need not fear ,  lady ,  the having any of these lords .	1
o ,  balmy breath ,  that almost persuades justice to break her sword !	1
where ?	1
have you given up so quickly on rosaline ,  whom you loved so much ?	1
this guest of summer ,  the temple - haunting martlet ,  does approve ,  by his loved mansionry ,  that the heaven’s breath smells wooingly here .	1
come ,  come; you'll never meet a more sufficient man .	1
isn’t it enough ,  isn’t it enough ,  young man ,  that i never did ,  no ,  nor never can deserve a sweet look from demetrius' eye ,  but you must joke about what i’m lacking ?	1
who's there?	1
speak confidently .	1
that’s a good thing to put in—it keeps you from getting in trouble with the law .	1
we will .	1
why, isn’t this better now than groaning for love?	1
assure you ,  my good liege ,  i hold my duty as i hold my soul ,  both to my god and to my gracious king .	1
and so it is .	1
and yet you say that exile is not death ?	1
i tell you, churlish priest, my sister shall be a ministering angel when you lie howling.	1
come with me .	1
when you see him walking by here (as i’ll make sure he does between twelve and one) you can nab him .	1
slaying is the word; it is a deed that’s in style .	1
question: why ,  an hour in clamor and a quarter in rheum .	1
our house is hell ,  and thou ,  a merry devil ,  didst rob it of some taste of tediousness .	1
murder ,  murder !	1
i have heard the cock, that is the trumpet to the morn, doth with his lofty and shrill-sounding throat awake the god of day, and at his warning, whether in sea or fire, in earth or air, the extravagant and erring spirit hies to his confine; and of the truth herein this present object made probation.	1
good morning, my good lords.	1
but were the day come ,  i should wish it dark ,  that i were couching with the doctor’s clerk .	1
this wedding day perhaps is but prolonged .	1
well ,  we were all born to die .	1
be ’t as our gods will have ’t .	1
when it is lit, come back and call me here.	1
it is so .	1
don’t weep ,  don’t weep .	1
i wonder if the lion’s going to talk .	1
by my troth ,  sir toby ,  you must come in earlier o' nights .	1
but when they should endure the bloody spur ,  they fall their crests and ,  like deceitful jades ,  sink in the trial .	1
stand aside .	1
flower of this purple dye ,  hit with cupid’s archery ,  sink in apple of his eye .	1
knock ,  knock ,  knock !	1
i had rather have a handful or two of dried peas .	1
is not thy master with him?	1
am i a coward ?	1
good morrow ,  general .	1
what man is there so much unreasonable, if you had pleas'd to have defended it with any terms of zeal, wanted the modesty to urge the thing held as a ceremony?	1
five - and - twenty ,  sir .	1
bassanio, lord love, if it is your will!	1
if there’s anything more sorrowful left to add ,  keep it to yourself .	1
we will meet ,  and there we may rehearse most obscenely and courageously .	1
i humbly thank you for it.	1
here ,  mighty theseus .	1
nay ,  go not back .	1
romeo!	1
yea ,  leave that labor to great hercules ,  and let it be more than alcides' twelve .	1
sir, have pity; i'll be his surety.	1
how long will a man lie i' the earth ere he rot?	1
is it possible ?	1
i will only say one more word here in the house, and i’ll go with you.	1
who calls ?	1
isn’t it like the king?	1
pardon me ,  good lady; for ,  by these blessed candles of the night ,  had you been there ,  i think ,  you would have begg'd the ring of me to give the worthy doctor .	1
o ,  fie upon them !	1
i pray you ,  jest ,  sir ,  as you sit at dinner .	1
is not this true ?	1
then the world is one.	1
i have drunk poison whiles he uttered it .	1
good sir—	1
of us must pompey presently be sought ,  or else he seeks out us .	1
how say you now ?	1
here ,  you incestuous ,  murderous ,  damned dane ,  drink this potion .	1
his speech was like a tangled chain .	1
i’ll do it right away .	1
faith ,  we may put up our pipes and be gone .	1
o romeo ,  romeo !	1
but you'll be secret ?	1
who can control his fate?	1
what do you mean, caesar?	1
but now i have joyful new for you ,  girl .	1
oh ,  such another sleep ,  that i might see but such another man !	1
i will ,  my lord .	1
twas on a summer’s evening in his tent ,  that day he overcame the nervii .	1
go in ,  and tell my lady i am gone ,  having displeased my father ,  to lawrence’s cell to make confession and to be absolved .	1
with god’s help .	1
my back aches too—	1
my husband ?	1
by heaven ,  he echoes me ,  as if there were some monster in his thoughts too hideous to be shown .	1
oh ,  heavenly mixture !	1
give me your pardon ,  sir .	1
look where it comes again !	1
i am so lated in the world that i have lost my way forever .	1
i’ll get the general’s surgeon .	1
let us seek out some desolate shade and there weep our sad bosoms empty .	1
you have not been abed ,  then ?	1
here's romeo's man .	1
i have done your bidding and fulfilled my promise .	1
it is the cry of women ,  my good lord .	1
a pestilence on him for a crazy rogue !	1
i come not ,  friends ,  to steal away your hearts .	1
no more .	1
it’s a lengthy problem, i think, to bring them to that event.	1
i must hear from thee every day in the hour ,  for in a minute there are many days .	1
come ,  sir ,  to draw toward an end with you .	1
go home ,  be merry ,  and agree to marry paris .	1
o grace!	1
isn’t he honest ?	1
macbeth will go there to learn his destiny .	1
is she a capulet ?	1
amen to that .	1
your case is better.	1
here ,  here !	1
what news, my love?	1
you find the means ,  and i'll find such a man .	1
it was about to speak ,  when the cock crew .	1
good time of day unto my gracious lord .	1
hence, avaunt!	1
take up the bodies.	1
to ariel] go, charge my goblins that they grind their [to ariel] go, charge my goblins that they grind their joints with dry convulsions, shorten up their sinews, with aged cramps, and more pinch-spotted make them than pard or cat o'mountain.	1
i'll put it on.	1
why, may one ask?	1
remember it ,  my lord ?	1
wilt thou ,  o god ,  fly from such gentle lambs and throw them in the entrails of the wolf ?	1
see ,  who comes here ?	1
ask it something ,  horatio .	1
o me ,  o me !	1
if ,  rather than to marry count paris you have the strength of will to kill yourself ,  then is it likely you will try something like death to chase this shame away ,  something that will cover you with death himself ,  to escape from it ?	1
lulla, lulla, lullaby; lulla, lulla, lullaby.	1
i’ll tell you all about my meetings ,  all the reasons for my sad brows .	1
there are two opposite elements in everything ,  in men as well as in herbs—good and evil .	1
brother anthony—	1
i forced to send the ring after him; i was overcome with shame and courtesy; my honor would not let ingratitude so much offend it.	1
what’s the matter ?	1
you speak honestly.	1
the glowworm shows the morning is near, and he begins to put out his ineffective fire.	1
you who are wicked beyond belief ,  the only  “ explanation ”  i’ll accept from you is for you to hang yourself .	1
accept it in body and spirit .	1
oh god—who is ,  by the way ,  the best comic of them all .	1
he has an uncle here in messina who will be glad to hear this news .	1
speak to me home .	1
what do you have to tell me ?	1
oh ,  only time can sort out this mess .	1
this is very true, and he begged me to invite your majesties to hear and see the play.	1
niece ,  will you look to those things i told you of ?	1
tell him myself ,  the mayor ,  and aldermen ,  no less importing than our general good ,  in deep designs ,  and matters of great moment are come to have some conference with his grace .	1
away with the joint - stools ,  remove the court - cupboard ,  look to the plate .	1
i'll go after that same villain, because he is a damned slave.	1
what ,  in my sight ? —bianca ,  get thee in .	1
o, lay me by my mistress' side.	1
but ,  orderly to end where i begun ,  our wills and fates do so contrary run that our devices still are overthrown; our thoughts are ours ,  their ends none of our own .	1
be a child o’ th’ time .	1
the very conveyances of his lands will scarcely lie in this box; and must the inheritor himself have no more, ha?	1
i’ll not meddle with him .	1
i shall win at the odds .	1
it is silliness to live when to live is torment, and then have we a prescription to die when death is our physician.	1
a strange fish!	1
i heard that apollodorus carried—   what did he carry ,  please ?	1
no more than i am well acquitted of.	1
shall i not have barely my principal?	1
grant that, and then is death a benefit; so are we caesar's friends that have abridged his time of fearing death.	1
heaven keep that monster from othello's mind!	1
ugh !	1
farewell, my lord.	1
his daughter and i will be king and queen—god protect us ! —and you and trinculo will be our governors . —do you like that idea ,  trinculo ?	1
masters ,  the duke is coming from the temple; and there is two or three lords and ladies more married .	1
i’ll give it to him .	1
i am your own forever .	1
since i was three years old ,  i’ve been in contact with a powerful but virtuous magician—no black magic here .	1
ready, if it pleases your grace.	1
she’s talking ,  but she’s not saying anything .	1
read this schedule.	1
here is everything advantageous to life .	1
i will so .	1
this is the very product of your brain .	1
he’s that he is .	1
oh dear !	1
be not too tame neither; but let your own discretion be your tutor.	1
there are more than enough willing women around .	1
william ,  sir .	1
thou art in a parlous state ,  shepherd .	1
marry ,  god forbid !	1
in my youth i truly suffered much agony for love almost like this .	1
stand still .	1
i scarcely knew you ,  uncle; there lies your niece ,  whose breath ,  indeed ,  these hands have just stopped .	1
what ,  think you we are turks or infidels ?	1
why are you adored ?	1
yea ,  by mass ,  that it is .	1
you sent me for a rope’s end as soon .	1
where have you sent the king ?	1
even as men wracked upon a sand ,  that look to be washed off the next tide .	1
he was dressed like a hunter .	1
i know not if ’t be true ,  but i ,  for mere suspicion in that kind ,  will do as if for surety .	1
thou teachest me .	1
o my love!	1
my noble father, i do perceive here a divided duty.	1
where art thou ,  pindarus ?	1
mistress ,   wilt thou still talk ?	1
praise in departing .	1
i cannot tell .	1
let us not leave him out .	1
ay ,  smile upon her ,  do; i will gyve thee in thine own courtship .	1
he’s or taken or slain .	1
know’st thou not the duke hath banished me ,  his daughter ?	1
shame on you, demetrius!	1
dost thou hear ?	1
approach ,  sir andrew .	1
be gone !	1
by jesus ,  a very good blade !	1
yes, if i know the letters and the language.	1
why ,  man ,  i saw bassanio under sail .	1
so have your money ready .	1
most ungrateful maid!	1
you know me well ,  and herein spend but time ,  to wind about my love with circumstance; and ,  out of doubt ,  you do me now more wrong in making question of my uttermost ,  than if you had made waste of all i have .	1
love ,  therefore ,  and tongue - tied simplicity speaking the least means most to me .	1
this fight shall determine that .	1
tomorrow ,  and then every day after that .	1
i mean ,  my head upon your lap ?	1
my noble partner you greet with present grace and great prediction of noble having and of royal hope, that he seems rapt withal.	1
yes ,  by mary ,  why was he sent to england ?	1
come ,  go with me; peruse this as thou goest: fair jessica shall be my torchbearer .	1
oh ,  don’t injure your cousin like that !	1
thy sister’s sister .	1
i loved you not .	1
to adrian] how lush and lusty the grass looks !	1
if there be any good thing to be done that may to thee do ease and grace to me ,  speak to me .	1
if she was young and passionate ,  she’d move as fast as a ball .	1
not romeo, prince; he was mercutio's friend; his mistake finishes only what the law should end, the life of tybalt.	1
your highness ,  could you send me on a mission to the ends of the earth ?	1
but still ,  my uncle - father and aunt - mother have got the wrong idea .	1
what’s wrong with you ?	1
this ?	1
then comes the time ,  who lives to see ’t ,  that going shall be used with feet .	1
so you shall have a shorter journey to your desires by the means i would now have to advance them; and the impediment very profitably removed, without which we couldn’t expect to succeed.	1
no ,  god's my judge ,  the clerk will never grow a beard that took it .	1
what worries have kept you awake tonight ?	1
are they returned ?	1
if sir toby would leave drinking ,  thou wert as witty a piece of eve’s flesh as any in illyria .	1
ha!	1
i won’t stay behind .	1
alas ,  my friend and my dear countryman roderigo ?	1
well ,  death is the end for everybody .	1
o dardanius !	1
just looking at him gives me heartburn .	1
we must die, messala.	1
how dost thou feel thyself now ?	1
where is your husband ?	1
i don’t think he wants to be anywhere but where he is .	1
is he not approved in the height a villain ,  that hath slandered ,  scorned ,  dishonored my kinswoman ?	1
if there is a man like that, heaven pardon him!	1
the gods withhold me !	1
hamlet ,  thou art slain .	1
he looks gentler than he did .	1
now ,  baptista ,  let’s turn to your younger daughter .	1
sir ?	1
this is trebonius.	1
a witty mother !	1
my husband !	1
although birnam wood did come to dunsinane ,  and you against me ,  being given birth to by a woman ,  i will still fight to the end .	1
i will beat you severely with an iron wit, and put away my iron dagger.	1
o my soul's joy!	1
how are you ,  cassio !	1
well ,  then i shall see thee again ?	1
you’d have to be as lazy as a weed on the shores of  i knew it !	1
just listen to him .	1
where i have come ,  great clerks have purposed to greet me with premeditated welcomes; where i have seen them shiver and look pale ,  make periods in the midst of sentences ,  throttle their practised accent in their fears ,  and ,  in conclusion ,  dumbly have broke off ,  not paying me a welcome .	1
the nephew to old norway ,  fortinbras .	1
how’s our cousin hamlet?	1
halt ,  and identify yourself .	1
marry ,  patience ,  or i shall say you are all in all in spleen ,  and nothing of a man .	1
you pale face !	1
no ,  as i shall be saved .	1
how i have thought of this and of these times ,  i shall recount hereafter; for this present ,  i would not ,  so with love i might entreat you ,  be any further moved .	1
well ,  god - 'a' - mercy .	1
in my youth i truly suffered much agony for love almost like this.	1
very well .	1
as caesar loved me ,  i weep for him .	1
i wis ,  your grandam had a worser match .	1
so ,  please ,  my lord ,  don’t assume that i’m treacherous just because i’m poor ,  with no titles to my name .	1
everyone’s there except metellus cimber ,  and he’s gone to look for you at your house .	1
if that’s the way it goes ,  why does it seem unusual with you ?	1
softly and swiftly ,  sir ,  for the priest is ready .	1
if you have any pity, grace, or manners, you would not make me such an argument.	1
please ,  peace .	1
i pray you do .	1
you started a fight with a man who coughed in the street because he woke up a dog that was sleeping in the sun .	1
i cannot but remember such things were, that were most precious to me.	1
who's there ,  in th’ other devil's name ?	1
that means it’s more likely to be fake .	1
lest it make you choleric and purchase me another dry basting .	1
we’ll send mark antony to the senate house ,  and he’ll say that you’re sick today .	1
ay, my good lord.	1
do you lie so low ?	1
i didn’t take any more pains bringing this message than you took pains in thanking me .  ”  that’s like saying ,   “ any thing i do for you is as easy as saying ‘thank you . ’ ”  if this doesn’t move me to take pity on her ,  i’m a horrible person .	1
if thou dost love me, show me thy thought.	1
that skull had a tongue in it, and could sing once.	1
sweet lady ,  you have given me life ,  and living; for here i read for certain ,  that my ships are safely come to road .	1
ply desdemona well ,  and you are sure on't .	1
please margaret ,  help me write this poem for beatrice .	1
and buried ,  gentle tyrrel ?	1
o heavy lightness!	1
and didn’t they place the wreath of victory on my brow and order me to give it to you ?	1
so thou mayst say the king lies by a beggar if a beggar dwell near him ,  or the church stands by thy tabor ,  if thy tabor stand by the church .	1
and look you get a prayer book in your hand and stand between two churchmen ,  good my lord ,  for on that ground i’ll make a holy descant .	1
i found it in my chamber ,  and he himself confessed but even now that there he dropped it for a special purpose which wrought to his desire .	1
it is your music ,  madam ,  from the house .	1
we must not now displease him.	1
come with me ,  and let’s smother my fiendish son—who smothered your two sweet sons—in bitter words .	1
but canst thou guess that he doth aim at it ?	1
or did she ask for them, with such a beautiful question as soul to soul allows?	1
it is a sin to heaven ,  a sin against the dead ,  a sin to nature ,  most ridiculous to reason ,  whose common theme is death of fathers ,  and who still has cried ,  from the first corpse to the man who died just today ,   ” this must be so .  ”  we beg you ,  give up on this unusual grief ,  and think of us as of a father .	1
i will play the swan ,  and die in music .	1
with my officer !	1
and so the jew may lawfully claim a pound of flesh nearest the merchant’s heart ,  to be cut off by him . —but please have mercy .	1
i’ll be back here with you by two o'clock .	1
i’d never play pranks on you .	1
the law that threatened death becomes thy friend and turns it to exile—there art thou happy .	1
he will have only justice and his penalty .	1
if there are any ,  speak ,  because i have offended him .	1
i surrender your dukedom and beg you to forgive me all my crimes .	1
is that how it is ,  countrymen ?	1
when should the royal day be ?	1
disgustingly filthy rumors are circulating.	1
we are ,  my lord .	1
and there comes caesar .	1
o ,  ho ,  monster !	1
help, angels!	1
even their clothes are unstained ,  and look fresher than before the storm .	1
therefore ,  you should obey their wishes .	1
demetrius thinks not so; he will not know what all but he do know .	1
yes ,  you poor ghost ,  while memory holds a seat in this confused world .	1
come on then ,  let's go to bed .	1
here comes a spirit of his ,  to torment me for bringing in wood too slowly .	1
i would not be cured ,  youth .	1
the old cock.	1
edward’s healing touch is a miracle that i have seen him perform many times during my stay in england .	1
zounds ,  i bleed still; i am hurt to the death .	1
miranda .	1
i hope she keeps it short .	1
i saw him put down the other day with an ordinary fool that	1
and you would have me do that?	1
love’s messengers should be thoughts ,  which fly ten times faster than sunbeams .	1
his own unkindness that stripped her from his benediction turned her to foreign casualties ,  gave her dear rights to his dog - hearted daughters .	1
i know they do ,  and i certainly deserve it .	1
oh ,  my handsome nephew ,  i must not say that .	1
the sight is dismal; and our affairs from england come too late .	1
and steep'd in blood?	1
and death ,  not romeo ,  can take my virginity !	1
do not ,  phoebe .	1
i will play the swan ,  and die in music .	1
my lord, i think i saw him yesternight.	1
my hounds are bred out of the spartan kind ,  so flew'd ,  so sanded; and their heads are hung with ears that sweep away the morning dew; crook - knee'd and dew - lapp'd like thessalian bulls; slow in pursuit ,  but match'd in mouth like bells ,  each under each .	1
stands he or sits he ?	1
this is the place .	1
let's do't ,  i pray: and i this morning know where we shall find him most conveniently .	1
fled to england?	1
i have .	1
where’s the gold i gave you ?	1
which their keepers call a lightning before death.	1
the violence of either grief or joy their own enactures with themselves destroy .	1
it’s good we had this meeting .	1
now go to the door ,  and stay there till we call .	1
no, my lord; rather with choler.	1
here is the number of the slaughtered french .	1
he stole it from me .	1
a light, a light!	1
you shall have gold to pay the petty debt twenty times over .	1
i am glad to see you mad .	1
or else their guardians and advisors said no— what hell ,  to have your love life determined by someone else !	1
she hath directed how i shall take her from her father's house; what gold and jewels she is furnish'd with; what page's suit she hath in readiness .	1
i have heard that many of the best - respected men in rome , — except immortal caesar ! — speak about brutus ,  and groaning underneath the political burden of this age ,  have wished that noble brutus could see what they see .	1
ay ,  my lord ,  an't please you .	1
true; and a goose for his discretion.	1
i might call him a thing divine ,  for nothing natural i ever saw so noble .	1
nurse ,  come back again; i have remembered ,  you can hear our conversation .	1
beshrew your eyes, they have o'erlook'd me, and divided me; one half of me is yours, the other half yours,— mine own, i would say; but if mine, then yours, and so, all yours: o!	1
answer as i call you . —nick bottom ,  the weaver ?	1
i fear there will a worse come in his place .	1
no ,  faith ,  my coz ,  wish not a man from england .	1
why stay when love tells you to go ?	1
a drum !	1
come here ,  sir .	1
conceit upon her father .	1
what ,  with lysander ?	1
is it more sin to wish me thus forsworn ,  or to dispraise my lord with that same tongue which she hath prais'd him with above compare so many thousand times ?	1
the devil is at my elbow and tempts me, saying to me, “gobbo, launcelot gobbo, good launcelot” or “good gobbo” or “good launcelot gobbo, use your legs, get going, run away.” my conscience says, “no; be careful, honest launcelot, be careful, honest gobbo” or, as i said before, “honest launcelot gobbo, don’t run; scorn running with your heels.” well, the most courageous devil tells me to pack.	1
brutus speaks .	1
my heart journeyed to her only like a guest ,  and now has returned home to helena ,  there to remain .	1
they are here at the court, and, i think, they are already hired to play before him tonight.	1
so i do still ,  by these pickers and stealers !	1
now watch him; he begins to speak again .	1
alack ,  my child is dead ,  and with my child my joys are buried !	1
why ,  sir ,  a carpenter .	1
will you pleasure me ?	1
heaven knows you’re as unfaithful as hell .	1
give me those flowers .	1
you'd be king of the island, servant?	1
why, man?	1
i answer you ?	1
i’m glad that my weak words have brought out this show of fire from brutus .	1
ye elves of hills ,  brooks ,  standing lakes and groves ,  and ye that on the sands with printless foot do chase the ebbing neptune and do fly him when he comes back; you demi - puppets that by moonshine do the green sour ringlets make ,  whereof the ewe not bites ,  and you whose pastime is to make midnight mushrooms ,  that rejoice to hear the solemn curfew; by whose aid ,  weak masters though ye be ,  i have bedimmed the noontide sun ,  called forth the mutinous winds ,  and ’twixt the green sea and the azured vault set roaring war—to the dread rattling thunder have i given fire ,  and rifted jove's stout oak with his own bolt; the strong - based promontory have i made shake ,  and by the spurs plucked up the pine and cedar: graves at my command have waked their sleepers ,  oped ,  and let ’em forth by my so potent art .	1
let’s be light - hearted .	1
bid them prepare within.	1
i have fled myself ,  and have instructed cowards to run and show their shoulders .	1
o ,  what a noble mind is here o'erthrown !	1
where should she be?	1
not romeo ,  prince; he was mercutio's friend; his mistake finishes only what the law should end ,  the life of tybalt .	1
let’s proceed on our march to birnam .	1
sir ,  octavius has already come to rome .	1
if it’s true ,  how little is the cost i have paid in purchasing the image of my soul from out of the state of hellish cruelty !	1
stay ,  though thou kill me ,  sweet demetrius .	1
that she may long live here ,  god say amen .	1
demetrius is an admirable man .	1
who ,  then ,  shall blame him when his own vexed senses begin to recoil and attack ,  when all that is within him revolts against him ?	1
ok, say no more.	1
how art thou out of breath when thou hast breath to say to me that thou art out of breath?	1
or have we eaten on the insane root that takes the reason prisoner ?	1
he is knight ,  dubbed with unhatched rapier and on carpet consideration ,  but he is a devil in private brawl .	1
we’ll figure out the best time and safest route to avoid being found out by my father’s guards ,  whom he’ll send out as soon as he discovers i’ve gone .	1
god save the worthy general !	1
farewell .	1
go ,  you wild bedfellow ,  you cannot soothsay .	1
the sin of my ingratitude even now was heavy on me .	1
be that thou know’st thou art ,  and then thou art as great as that thou fear’st .	1
no ,  my lord .	1
fly ,  good fleance ,  fly ,  fly ,  fly !	1
there ,  take it ,  and thanks for taking such good care of me .	1
so that ,  conclusions to be as kisses ,  if your four negatives make your two affirmatives ,  why then the worse for my friends and the better for my foes .	1
why do you make such faces?	1
stay ,  illusion !	1
i have money in my purse and property at home ,  so i’m off to see the world .	1
fool ,  fool ,  fool ,  i say !	1
not so, sir, neither; i know my duty.	1
i’ll make her come ,  i warrant you ,  presently .	1
all for your delight we are not here .	1
all right ,  my lord . —how’s the king doing ?	1
you need not kneel to me .	1
it’s not quite that simple .	1
i can do no more .	1
what sayst thou to him ?	1
here's a small trifle of wives: alas ,  fifteen wives is nothing; aleven widows and nine maids ,  is a simple coming - in for one man: and then ,  to 'scape drowning thrice; and to be in peril of my life with the edge of a feather bed; here are simple 'scapes !	1
and thus she moans ,  that is to say . — asleep ,  my love ?	1
i’m not a paid messenger ,  my lady .	1
a very ribbon in the cap of youth ,  yet needful too; for youth no less becomes the light and careless livery that it wears than settled age his sables and his weeds ,  importing health and graveness .	1
we trifle time; i pray thee pursue sentence.	1
now i’m starting to pity titania for being so infatuated .	1
let me see her .	1
we shall not waste time before we make an accounting of your separate loves, and make us even with you.	1
you see, her eyes are open.	1
read the will .	1
dighton and forrest ,  whom i hired to perform the butchery ,  are used to killing people ,  the bloody dogs .	1
that’s what he says .	1
the back-handed thrust!	1
cambio .	1
how now, my lord!	1
things have fallen out, sir, so unluckily that we have had no time to talk to our daughter.	1
what do you want with me ?	1
however ,  this is an extreme situation ,  and it’s more important to control it than to worry about how you’ll look .	1
the wood of birnam .	1
i am hers: only ,  oh !	1
what means your lordship ?	1
now, in the names of all the gods at once, what meat does this our caesar eat that he’s grown so great?	1
i am not for this ambling .	1
i’m sorry they offend you, heartily, yes, indeed, heartily.	1
observe his inclinations in yourself .	1
there's many a beast ,  then ,  in a crowded city ,  and many a civil monster .	1
even since you left it .	1
what, ho, brabantio!	1
it's the wind.	1
certainly ,  i did .	1
i’ll walk up and down and sing a song ,  so they’ll know i’m not afraid .	1
nor must not then be yielded to in this .	1
humours !	1
have you forgotten the torture i freed you from ?	1
a million goodbyes to you .	1
art thou gone so ,  love ,  lord ?	1
that our garments, being, as they were, drenched in the ocean, have, nevertheless, retained their freshness and sheen, seeming to be just cleaned rather than stained with salt water.	1
still here's a spot.	1
that’s a nice hand you dealt me .	1
throw medicine to the dogs ,  i'll have none of it .	1
good my lord, how does your honour for this many a day?	1
my lord ,  that would dishonor him .	1
who, in this kind of merry fooling, am nothing to you; so you may continue and laugh at nothing still.	1
show her in .	1
ah ,  servant [to 2 capulet] ,  by my faith ,  it grows late; i'm going to sleep .	1
let go ,  slave ,  or thou diest !	1
play some music while he chooses .	1
that part is up to you .	1
why, i do.	1
then the dovehouse shook with the earthquake .	1
the prince of arragon hath ta'en his oath and comes to his election presently .	1
aside.	1
why there, there, there, there!	1
are you insane ,  talking like this ?	1
i’ll get there first and tell him what we found out .	1
let me have your attention for a moment .	1
but please tell me ,  is my boy—god rest his soul—alive or dead ?	1
talk not ,  signior gremio .	1
cicero one !	1
no ,  don’t go back .	1
i have a good plan .	1
look you for any other issue ?	1
what ish my nation ?	1
will he tell us what this show meant ?	1
will you go with me?	1
but i am shepherd to another man and do not shear the fleeces that i graze .	1
his affections do not that way tend; nor what he spake ,  though it lack'd form a little ,  was not like madness .	1
i don’t know who had him arrested ,  but the man that arrested him was in a suit of leather .	1
let’s do it.	1
i think i hear antony call me .	1
my sister is all those things ,  or else she should be .	1
help!	1
therefore ,  as i am bound ,  receive it from me .	1
peter quince!	1
sir ,  you go inside ,  and ,  madam ,  go with him; and go ,  sir paris .	1
my ancestors did from the streets of rome the tarquin drive ,  when he was call'd a king .	1
do that good deed which may make this island your own forever ,  and i ,  your caliban ,  your foot - licker forever .	1
be quick .	1
can anything be made of this?	1
what a king claudius is !	1
do so ,  and tell my sweet to be ready to scold me .	1
go find him there.	1
fie ,  how my bones ache !	1
thou wast never with me for anything when thou wast not there for the goose .	1
the glow-worm shows the matin to be near and 'gins to pale his uneffectual fire.	1
lay your finger like this ,  and let your soul be instructed .	1
who’s in the second chamber?	1
benedicite !	1
can no prayers pierce thee ?	1
the king my father ?	1
if his occulted guilt do not itself unkennel in one speech ,  it is a damned ghost that we have seen ,  and my imaginations are as foul as vulcan's stithy .	1
here's another ,  more potent than the first .	1
a soldier is just a tool ,  like his sword ,  unless he has your qualities ,  ventidius .	1
when nature hath made a fair creature ,  may she not by fortune fall into the fire ?	1
not once ,  nor twice ,  but twenty times you have .	1
the itch of his affection should not then have nicked his captainship at such a point when half to half the world opposed ,  he being the merèd question .	1
there was no limit to what his lustful eye and savage heart would prey on .	1
have you the chain about you ?	1
my liege, they are not yet come back.	1
no .	1
i’m only trying to keep the peace .	1
all myself ?	1
why, if two gods should play some heavenly match, and place a bet on two earthly women, and portia is one of them, there must be something else to bet on with the other, because the poor rude world does not have her equal.	1
you expect me to cry ?	1
stay calm .	1
why does he allow this rude fellow to knock him about the head now, with a dirty shovel, and will not tell him why he’s being hit?	1
let them come before master constable .	1
what do you have to say about the french lord ,  monsieur le bon ?	1
what do you think about macduff’s refusing to be at our great bidding ?	1
most horrible!	1
our queen and all her elves are coming here any minute!	1
i will seek him ,  sir ,  presently ,  convey the business as i shall find means ,  and acquaint you withal .	1
shall we go ,  coz ?	1
what tributaries follow him to rome, to grace in captive bonds his chariot-wheels?	1
i didn’t hear it.	1
i am justly kill'd with mine own treachery .	1
this caesar was a tyrant .	1
conceal my virgin blood, fluttering in my cheeks, with your black mantle, until unknown love, grown bold, thinks that true love is an act of simple modesty.	1
it won’t annoy you like me ,  because it doesn’t have a voice .	1
how beautiful mankind is!	1
tell me ,  don’t you have a virtuous and lovely daughter named katherina ?	1
one of you speak for both of you .	1
i pray you ,  give me leave to go from hence .	1
give me your torch ,  boy .	1
adieu .	1
but i pray you ,  sir ,  are you fast married ?	1
then i defy you ,  stars !	1
dead!	1
i’m dying to see the prince .	1
iago ,  who began ’t ?	1
i could find it in my heart to beat him— come on ,  kiss my feet .	1
chat her up ,  sir andrew .	1
i often came where i did hear of her ,  but cannot find her .	1
fair sir ,  you are well o'erta'en: my lord bassanio ,  upon more advice ,  hath sent you here this ring ,  and doth entreat your company at dinner .	1
for that reason, take our last, eternal goodbye.	1
softly, by and by.	1
first ,  he sends his regards .	1
not so .	1
hero is his only child ,  and his only heir .	1
so well thy words become thee as thy wounds; they smack of honor both.	1
and didn’t they put this wreath of victory on my brows ,  and told me to give it you ?	1
but i’m overjoyed !	1
on thursday ,  it’ll be then .	1
here is a sick man that would speak with you .	1
but what’s your trade ?	1
and don’t be angry with me ,  gentle brutus; i wish i were a common comedian ,  or used to urinating on my friendship with ordinary oaths to every new opponent; if you know that i show false friendship to some men ,  and hug them hard and after that ,  tell lies about them ,  or if you know that i profess myself at feasts to be friends with the entire place ,  then think about me dangerous .	1
even so quickly may one catch the plague ?	1
yes ,  let her rot ,  and die ,  and be damned tonight; because she shall not live .	1
that, trusted might yet enkindle you unto the crown, besides the thane of cawdor.	1
is ’t possible ?	1
if any wretch has put this in your head, let heaven repay them with the serpent's curse!	1
we’re absolutely not here to delight you .	1
hold ,  sir ,  for god’s sake !	1
it beckons you to go away with it ,  as if it had something to say to you alone .	1
your lieutenant, if you like; he's no main officer.	1
heavens thank you for ’t !	1
i understand you not ,  my lord .	1
rightly to be great is not to move without great argument, but to find quarrel greatly in worthless land when honor’s at stake.	1
where is my romeo?	1
your mother.	1
i'll warrant she'll tax him home; and, as you said, and wisely was it said, 'tis meet that some more audience than a mother, since nature makes them partial, should o'erhear the speech, of vantage.	1
i am your father's spirit, doomed for a certain time to walk the night, and during the day i am confined to burn in fires, until the evil crimes i had done in my life are burnt and purged away.	1
i know him .	1
it was, so please your highness.	1
they did want me to tell her ,  but i persuaded them that ,  if they truly loved benedick ,  they would try to get him to battle his emotions and keep beatrice in the dark .	1
prison ,  my lord ?	1
therefore my son i'th’ ooze is bedded ,  and i'll seek him deeper than e'er plummet sounded ,  and with him there lie mudded .	1
shall i strike at it with my club ?	1
i am not a child or an infant .	1
thy case ,  dear friend ,  shall be my precedent: as thou got'st milan ,  i'll come by naples .	1
and so do i .	1
come on .	1
our duty to your honor .	1
he cannot be heard of.	1
most like a gentleman .	1
shall i believe that death that has no substance is a lover, and that the lean ugly monster keeps you here in dark to be his mistress?	1
think of your sins .	1
a rogue teaching me my duty !	1
it’s always dangerous when little people get caught in the crossfire of mighty opponents .	1
o heavens !	1
worthy othello ,  i am hurt to danger .	1
wash me in steepdown gulfs of liquid fire!	1
he had one yesterday .	1
not a word from me.	1
come with my lady hither .	1
meanwhile ,  let’s go to bed and dream about this .	1
if thou didst ever thy dear father love— o god !	1
kill me tomorrow; let me live tonight!	1
if they seek battle with us ,  have them come down or else clear the field .	1
go a little before.	1
that great baby you see there is not yet out of his swaddling clouts .	1
take them away .	1
not so, my lord; for his valour cannot carry his discretion, and the fox carries the goose.	1
i dreamed that my lady came and found me dead ,  strange dream ,  that gives a dead man a second thought !	1
no ,  you’re just reminding me of something i’ve also noticed .	1
caesar has never been wrong ,  only with good reason ,  and he will not be satisfied without good reason .	1
welcome here.	1
very grave brabantio ,  i come to you in simple and pure soul .	1
what revels are in hand?	1
o, these men, these men!	1
but it is no matter .	1
and that’s how you must take your husbands.	1
let us sit and mock the good housewife fortune from her wheel ,  that her gifts may henceforth be bestowed equally .	1
well ,  when i cut the egg in half and eat the whites ,  the yolk will be in two parts like two golden crowns .	1
never hung poison on a fouler toad .	1
carry him gently to my fairest chamber and hang it round with all my wanton pictures .	1
i’ve told you i’m your friend ,  and i’ll stick by you .	1
set a huge mountain between my heart and tongue !	1
well ,  girl ,  thou weep’st not so much for his death ,  as that the villain lives which slaughtered him .	1
pull't off, i say.	1
even those you were wont to take such delight in, the tragedians of the city.	1
peace to you ,  my lord of burgundy .	1
curse my very heart ,  i think you will be happy in this second marriage ,  for it surpasses your first .	1
no better?	1
fine !  ”  he says .	1
you lie out on ’t ,  sir ,  and therefore it is not yours .	1
but he protests he loves you and needs no other suitor but his likings to take the safest occasion by the front to bring you in again .	1
my lord ,  if you have a free moment ,  i have a message from his majesty .	1
i wish the night were here now !	1
obey your parents ,  keep your word ,  don’t swear ,  don’t sleep with another man’s wife ,  and don’t covet flashy clothes .	1
directly ,  i am going to caesar’s funeral .	1
ay ,  with a twink .	1
then fate overrules me, that, as one man keeping his promise, a million fail in keeping theirs, confusing oath on oath.	1
heaven knows .	1
but stop my house’s ears—i mean my casements— let not the sound of shallow foppery enter my sober house .	1
too old to be engaged to young .	1
now i see it is true .	1
be valiant ,  and speed well .	1
be calm ,  dear lady .	1
we do not come as minding to contest you ,  our true intent is .	1
tear him apart for his bad verses, tear him apart for his bad verses.	1
if you had known the virtue of the ring, or half her worthiness that gave the ring, or your own honour to contain the ring, you would not then have parted with the ring.	1
for if she be not honest ,  chaste ,  and true ,  there's no man happy; the purest of their wives is foul as slander .	1
but died thy sister of her love ,  my boy ?	1
o, she was heavenly true!	1
o, bear him out o' the air.	1
fellow, come here; look at caesar.	1
good to see you ,  signior hortensio .	1
murder !	1
then never man was man true .	1
my wife !	1
as for my wife ,  if only you had such a wife .	1
but come at once; for the close night doth play the run - away ,  and we are stay'd for at bassanio's feast .	1
i’ll break my spells and bring them back to their senses ,  and they’ll feel like themselves again .	1
until i know this sure uncertainty i’ll entertain the offered fallacy .	1
and when she speaks, isn’t it a call to love?	1
the next more easy, for use can almost change what is natural, and can either curb the devil or throw him out with wondrous effectiveness.	1
i cry you gentle pardon; these bloody accidents must excuse my manners, that so neglected you.	1
give me comfort .	1
down from the waist they are centaurs ,  though women all above .	1
antony would easily outshine all imaginary beings .	1
come ,  put mine armor on .	1
bleed ,  bleed ,  poor country !	1
you are welcome; take your place.	1
o peer!	1
sir ,  please ,  don’t be angry .	1
the deep of night is crept upon our talk ,  and nature must obey necessity ,  which we will niggard with a little rest .	1
i have sent to bid cassio come speak with you .	1
come ,  a passionate speech .	1
but woo her, gentle paris, get her heart; my will to her consent is but a part.	1
ha!—where?	1
my pretty cousin ,  blessing upon you !	1
there’s strange news come ,  sir .	1
how is it ,  my husband—oh ,  how is it—that you have become a stranger to yourself ?	1
ha !	1
was a man ever as dirty as me ?	1
peter, take my fan, and go before me.	1
is ’t so ,  indeed ?	1
michael ,  good night .	1
they are so still ,  or thou ,  the greatest soldier of the world ,  art turned the greatest liar .	1
welcome ,  horatio .	1
i will say so .	1
thrift, thrift, horatio!	1
fury ,  fury !	1
witness the hole you made in caesar's heart ,  crying ,   " long live !	1
we hope to make the sender blush at it .	1
sir ,  being his knave ,  i will .	1
i don’t believe it .	1
thou art the thing itself .	1
shall i speak ill of him that is my husband ?	1
that's not so.	1
nay ,  not sure ,  in a thing falsing .	1
here's another, more potent than the first.	1
you kiss by the book .	1
we’ll drive them to a	1
will ’t please your highness walk ?	1
shall we hear from you ,  catesby ,  ere we sleep ?	1
give him tending; he brings great news.	1
this business is well ended.	1
alas ,  she hath from france too long been chased ,  and all her husbandry doth lie on heaps ,  corrupting in its own fertility .	1
my tables—meet it is i set it down that one may smile ,  and smile ,  and be a villain; at least i am sure it may be so in denmark .	1
this morning brings a gloomy peace with it.	1
i’m strong - willed .	1
for michael cassio ,  i dare be sworn i think that he is honest .	1
when the blood is made dull with the act of sport ,  there should be ,  again to inflame it and to give satiety a fresh appetite ,  loveliness in favor ,  sympathy in years ,  manners ,  and beauties; all which the moor is defec -  tive in .	1
let her be round with him ,  and i’ll be placed ,  so please you ,  in the ear of all their conference .	1
if someone like me is fit to be king ,  let me know .	1
then there is the count palatine.	1
but come what sorrow can, it cannot countervail the exchange of joy that one short minute gives me in her sight.	1
o prince !	1
has anyone ever courted a woman in this state of mind ?	1
that wicked jew got the duke to listen to his complaints .	1
princes have but their titles for their glories ,  an outward honor for an inward toil ,	1
will you listen to me ,  roderigo ?	1
no, if you stare, we shall hear more soon.	1
i durst ,  my lord ,  to wager she is honest ,  lay down my soul at stake .	1
unable to be lived on and almost out of reach , — still— still— he couldn’t resist it .	1
yes ,  by heaven !	1
because i’m afraid of that, i still will stay with you, and never leave this palace of dim night again.	1
is not this true ?	1
where have you been ,  boy ?	1
what ,  art thou drawn among these heartless hinds ?	1
did he confess it?	1
i’ll write thee a challenge .	1
by my troth ,  niece ,  thou wilt never get thee a husband if thou be so shrewd of thy tongue .	1
i have of late ,  but why i don’t know ,  lost all my joy ,  given up all habits of exercises ,  and indeed ,  i am so depressed that this good frame ,  the earth ,  seems to me to be a sterile outpost ,  this most excellent canopy ,  the air— look— ,  this brave sky hanging over us ,  this majestic roof divided with golden fire ,  why ,  it seems to me to be nothing but a dirty and disgusting meeting of vapors .	1
come, come, you answer me stupidly.	1
why ,  fear not ,  man ,  i will not forfeit it; within these two months , —that's a month before this bond expires , —i do expect return of thrice three times the value of this bond .	1
the duke of exeter doth love thee well .	1
what a blow was there given!	1
not poppy nor mandragora nor all the drowsy syrups of the world ,  shall ever medicine thee to that sweet sleep which thou owedst yesterday .	1
even more since you annexed my father’s house and lands .	1
now could i, casca, name to thee a man most like this dreadful night, that thunders, lightens, opens graves, and roars as doth the lion in the capitol, a man no mightier than thyself or me in personal action, yet prodigious grown and fearful, as these strange eruptions are.	1
have you come from bellario’s office in padua ?	1
why, would not you?	1
isn’t she proud of such a match ?	1
therefore i say with noble buckingham that it is meet so few should fetch the prince .	1
how did we manage to get ashore ?	1
o sir ,  you are too sure an augurer .	1
for love of god, forbear him!	1
after dinner your hazard shall be made .	1
be quiet ,  people .	1
oh ,  dear god ,  don’t let me go mad !	1
o, the recorders!	1
i have full cause of weeping ,  but this heart shall break into a hundred thousand flaws ,  or ere i’ll weep . —o fool ,  i shall go mad !	1
my young master doth expect your reproach .	1
then desdemona and othello will go back to venice .	1
you did know how much you were my conqueror ,  and that my sword ,  made weak by my affection ,  would obey it on all cause .	1
whose do you think it was ?	1
save you ,  friend cassio !	1
my lord ,  his majesty sent a message to you by young osric ,  who tells him that you will meet him in the hall .	1
but art thou not drowned ,  stephano ?	1
what shall i do?	1
go to bed, francisco.	1
you shall not write my praise.	1
you’re so neat and well put - together that you look like you love yourself more than anyone else .	1
tis pity of him.	1
thy noble shape is but a form of wax digressing from the valour of a man; thy dear love sworn but hollow perjury ,  killing that love which thou hast vow'd to cherish; thy wit ,  that ornament to shape and love ,  misshapen in the conduct of them both ,  like powder in a skilless soldier's flask ,  is set afire by thine own ignorance ,  and thou dismemb'red with thine own defence .	1
if you were civil and knew courtesy, you would not do me thus much injury.	1
it isn’t night whenever i see your face, so i don’t think it’s night, and this forest doesn’t lack worlds of company, for you, in my respect, are all the world.	1
who’s that ?	1
why ,  sir ,  must he ?	1
i’m reminding your grace what you promised me .	1
what ,  frightened by false fire !	1
i can’t ask you to make my daughter live—that’s impossible—but i beg you both to tell the people of messina that she was innocent when she died .	1
let me see one.	1
who knows he is ?	1
and why ,  wise lady ?	1
is he come home yet ?	1
twere best he speak no harm of brutus here .	1
ay, sir, but 'while the grass grows'—the proverb is something musty.	1
sometimes she driveth o'er a soldier's neck, and then dreams he of cutting foreign throats, of breaches, ambuscadoes, spanish blades, of healths five fathom deep; and then anon drums in his ear, at which he starts and wakes, and being thus frighted, swears a prayer or two and sleeps again.	1
prince dauphin ,  you shall stay with us in rouen .	1
then leave him out.	1
tis such another fitchew !	1
they’re natural enough .  ”  i think these things are omens of things to come in our country .	1
so i to her and so she yields to me ,  for i am rough and woo not like a babe .	1
then let your will attend on their accords .	1
but ,  good lieutenant ,  is your general wived ?	1
let him go, gertrude.	1
then you were right on target .	1
one–two— why then ’tis time to do't.	1
make all the money thou canst .	1
i promise you, but for your company, i would have been abed an hour ago.	1
madam ,  i'll take my leave .	1
and this is metellus cimber .	1
othello ?	1
now ,  my dear lady ,  by most strange accident ,  generous luck ,  has brought my enemies to this shore; and by my knowledge of things to come ,  i find my highest point depends on a very lucky star ,  that ,  if i don’t seek its influence now and overlook it ,  my fortunes will sink forever after .	1
then you can be strong and say ,   “ bassanio's dead .  ”  my lord and lady ,  now it’s our turn ,  o cry ,   “ good joy ,  ”  we who have stood by and seen our wishes for you come true ,  good joy ,  my lord and lady !	1
i know no touch of it ,  my lord .	1
come on now ,  wine is good for you ,  if you know how to use it .	1
ay ,  do you fear it ?	1
and is  “ pig ”  not the same as  “ great ,  ”  may i ask ?	1
i’ll venture so much of my hawk or hound ,  but twenty times so much upon my wife .	1
yonder they lie ,  the poor old man their father making such pitiful dole over them that all the beholders take his part with weeping .	1
she will purchase that peace with an everlasting war .	1
prithee, emilia, go know of cassio where he supp'd tonight.	1
so indeed he did .	1
i know i won’t please you .	1
mark'd ye his words?	1
farewell.	1
i do embrace your offer; and dispose for henceforth of poor claudio .	1
what ,  will you walk with me about the town and then go to my inn and dine with me ?	1
let’s go .	1
i love your majesty according to my bond ,  no more nor less .	1
i have heard the cock ,  that is the trumpet to the morn ,  doth with his lofty and shrill - sounding throat awake the god of day ,  and at his warning ,  whether in sea or fire ,  in earth or air ,  the extravagant and erring spirit hies to his confine; and of the truth herein this present object made probation .	1
there are things in this comedy of pyramus and thisbe that will never please .	1
take up the sword again ,  or take up me .	1
there lay he ,  stretched along like a wounded knight .	1
will you give her o'er?	1
are you coming monster ?	1
don’t you ,  dromio ?	1
in your bad strokes, brutus, you give good words.	1
give you good night .	1
there was none such in the army of any sort .	1
ay ,  sir .	1
last night she got no sleep ,  and she won’t get any tonight .	1
what kind of beard should i wear for the part ?	1
alas, sweet lady, what does this song mean?	1
when we’re born ,  we cry because we’ve arrived on the stage of life ,  like all the other fools .	1
the grief that does not speak builds up softly in the heart, and bids it break.	1
and long live you to think so!	1
goodbye to you both .	1
if god will be avengèd for this deed ,  o ,  know you yet he doth it publicly !	1
go forth, my sword; he dies.	1
i must go with you to belmont .	1
here's romeo's man.	1
i know not where he lodges ,  and for me to devise a lodging ,  and say he lies here or he lies there ,  were to lie in mine own throat .	1
this dream is all amiss interpreted .	1
i do not know; i am sure i am none such .	1
no ,  boy .	1
why do you keep alone, of sorriest fancies your companions making, using those thoughts which should indeed have died with them they think on?	1
if it be found so ,  some will dear abide it .	1
he hath brought many captives home to rome, whose ransoms did the general coffers fill.	1
where is your son?	1
ah ,  good demetrius ,  wilt thou give him me ?	1
dost thou not see my baby at my breast ,  that sucks the nurse asleep ?	1
filthy hags !	1
no ,  cassio is not kill'd .	1
listen !	1
and what will you do if it returns to you ?	1
at such a time ,  i’ll make sure my daughter meets him .	1
ha !	1
here do you keep a hundred knights and squires ,  men so disordered ,  so debauched and bold that this our court ,  infected with their manners ,  shows like a riotous inn .	1
descend .	1
i think thou dost .	1
shall i include hell as well ?	1
give me my long sword, ho!	1
what foul play did we have that we left there?	1
men’s eyes were made to look and let them gaze .	1
are they washing out his wounds with their tears ?	1
who ambles time withal ?	1
i’d obey even if she were my mother ten times over .	1
but i can’t play a melody .	1
i’ll meet you at your tent .	1
why, man, i saw bassanio sailing away; gratiano has gone along with him; and i am sure lorenzo is not on their ship.	1
but in this kind ,  wanting your father’s voice ,  the other must be held the worthier .	1
where's publius?	1
thou art a villain .	1
this is not the way to win your daughter .	1
come, come; you'll never meet a more capable man.	1
and i wouldn’t ask for any dowry except for her to play another trick like this one .	1
if she and i are happy ,  what’s it to you ?	1
who are you ?	1
pah!	1
i pray you all, if you have hitherto conceal'd this sight, let it be tenable in your silence still; and whatsoever else shall hap tonight, give it an understanding, but no tongue.	1
i am the greatest, able to do least, yet most suspected, as the time and place doth make against me, of this direful murder; and here i stand, both to impeach and purge myself condemned and myself excus'd.	1
be brisk 0awhile ,  and the longer liver take all .	1
why, your lieutenant, cassio.	1
o thou vile king ,  give me my father !	1
hurry up ,  it’s getting late .	1
his crime did justice’s job by taking tybalt’s life .	1
nobody’s coming ?	1
and lovers' absent hours being more tedious than the clock one hundred sixty times ?	1
this tyrant ,  whose sole name blisters our tongues ,  was once thought honest .	1
has there ever been any age since noah and the flood that was not famous because of more than one man?	1
what horrible fancy's this?	1
o, is that all?	1
quick ,  quick !	1
how dare i ?	1
no die, but an ace, for him, because he is only one.	1
but it’s true—i don’t want to get all mushy and go on and on ,  but the good antonio ,  the honest antonio—oh ,  if i only had a title good enough to match his ! — come on ,  get to the point .	1
as for those who have ,  i beg you to excuse the gaps in time ,  and the many people and things that cannot be represented here in all their magnitude and proper form .	1
what kind of man is he ?	1
such and so finely bolted didst thou seem .	1
goodbye, dear mother.	1
is he gone, and he has nothing?	1
why did you so ?	1
there is but one mind in all these men ,  and it is bent against caesar .	1
know ,  claudio ,  to thy head ,  thou hast so wronged mine innocent child and me that i am forced to lay my reverence by ,  and with gray hairs and bruise of many days do challenge thee to trial of a man .	1
it is not very strange, for my uncle is king of denmark, and those that would make faces at him while my father lived, paid twenty, forty, fifty, a hundred ducats each for a little picture of him.	1
where is he ?	1
yet, if thou swear'st, thou mayst prove false.	1
no ,  just listen to me .	1
stay ,  then .	1
and after that he came thus sad away ?	1
and you shall be satisfied.	1
queen margaret saw thy murd'rous falchion smoking in his blood ,  the which thou once didst bend against her breast ,  but that thy brothers beat aside the point .	1
damn it !	1
an inviting eye; and yet methinks right modest.	1
lear’s shadow .	1
while grace is saying ,  hood mine eyes thus with my hat ,  and sigh and say ,   “ amen ” — use all the observance of civility like one well studied in a sad ostent to please his grandam ,  never trust me more .	1
where i have learnt me to repent the sin of disobedient opposition to you and your behests, and am enjoin'd by holy laurence to fall prostrate here to beg your pardon.	1
yes ,  but ,  lady ,  that policy may either last so long ,  or feed on such nice and light diet ,  or take itself so out of circumstance ,  that ,  with my absence and my place filled ,  my general will forget my love and service .	1
they don’t want you to go out today .	1
where is that snake?	1
my father - in - law lives closer to the marketplace .	1
listen ,  but don’t speak .	1
who pays their way ?	1
no, let me praise you while i want to.	1
why ,  in good time .	1
that’s why there must be space between you .	1
girls younger than she often marry and become happy mothers .	1
what comfortable hour canst thou name ,  that ever graced me in thy company ?	1
there have never been orphans who’ve suffered what we have .	1
when these mutualities so marshal the way ,  hard at hand comes the master and main exercise ,  the incorporate conclusion .	1
be wary ,  then .	1
here, here!	1
you’ve got it wrong ,  old man .	1
marry ,  and did .	1
it’s too much .	1
you may appreciate him more as a soldier than as a scholar .	1
what tell'st thou me of robbing ?	1
you dog ,  you peasant !	1
what a painful condition responsibility is .	1
look ,  here comes someone who loves me ,  along with someone who loves her .	1
these things are beyond anything we’ve seen before ,  and i’m afraid .	1
ah sir !	1
madam ,  i will .	1
hurry up ,  hurry up !  .	1
what did i do ?	1
come ,  away .	1
take my hand ,  hastings .	1
i hope now thou art not drowned .	1
he came with flowers to strew his lady's grave; and bid me stand aloof ,  and so i did .	1
the wide world is not ignorant of her worth, because the four winds blow in famous men who want to marry her from every coast, and her golden curls hang on her head like a golden fleece, which makes belmont, her home, a rich island in a lake, and many sailors and heroes come to find her.	1
you men are rank beginners !	1
my hounds are bred out of the spartan kind, so jawed, so sandy-colored, and their heads are hung with ears that sweep along the ground; crook-kneed and dew-covered like thessaly bulls; slow in pursuit, but matched in their barks like bells, each one under the other.	1
sir ,  this should be answered .	1
my mother .	1
why ,  you were with him ,  were you not ?	1
but here's my husband ,  and so much duty as my mother show'd to you ,  preferring you before her father ,  so much i challenge that i may profess due to the moor ,  my lord .	1
excuse me.	1
it’s time to hide ,  wretched margaret .	1
i am very glad that he's so out of hope .	1
and, to sink in it, should you burden love— too great oppression for a tender thing.	1
i will have to go on a journey to death soon ,  sir .	1
more legal authority, more honorable state, more courtship lives in flies on dead meat than romeo.	1
go carry them, and smear the sleepy grooms with blood.	1
no ,  nor more fearful .	1
good night ,  honest iago .	1
this bud of love ,  ripen by summer's breezes ,  may become a beautiful flower when next we meet .	1
now ,  good metellus ,  go along by him .	1
please, peace.	1
he was disposed to mirth ,  but on the sudden a roman thought hath struck him . —enobarbus !	1
what does you gracious figure want?	1
it seems to me that your voice has changed ,  and that your speech is more elegant than it used to be .	1
yes, madam.	1
will it be in thunder ,  lightning ,  or rain ?	1
now the time is right for us to speak ,  and we do so with imperial authority .	1
you are a tame man; go!	1
must i give in ?	1
censure me in your wisdom ,  and awake your senses ,  that you may the better judge .	1
what he will do with it heaven knows ,  not i; i nothing but to please his fantasy .	1
okay ,  let’s go !	1
but i reversed the death sentence .	1
let’s draw our weapons .	1
now i’m a sensible man ,  soon a fool ,  and now a beast !	1
have you not spoken 'gainst the duke of cornwall aught ?	1
we, hermia, like two artificial gods, have created both one flower with our needles, both on one sampler, sitting on one cushion, both warbling of one song, both in one key; as if our hands, our sides, voices, and minds, had been incorporated into one.	1
prostitute, i’m coming!	1
no ,  you unnatural hags ,	1
thrice noble lord ,  let me entreat of you to pardon me yet for a night or two ,  or if not so ,  until the sun be set .	1
my worthy cawdor!	1
o, these men, these men!	1
ay ,  do .	1
by heaven ,  i'll know thy thoughts .	1
they came so close with their lips that their breaths hugged each other.	1
but come, i'll tell you all about my whole plan when i am in my coach, which waits for us at the park gate; and so hurry, because we must travel twenty miles today.	1
i’ll show you how .	1
yes ,  shylock ,  i’ll sign the contract and agree to its terms .	1
i go, i go; look how i go, swifter than arrow from the tartar's bow.	1
doesn’t  “ rosemary ”  and  “ romeo ”  begin with the same letter ?	1
tis wonderful .	1
rest you merry !	1
i’m neither ,  my lord .	1
here ,  my good lord .	1
your royal preparation makes us hear something .	1
this is her very disguise ,  and ,  upon my life ,  fast asleep .	1
and you too ,  gentle hero ?	1
goats and monkeys !	1
here’s some money for you .	1
how now ,  my lord ?	1
stand ,  ho !	1
hie you to church; i must another way, to fetch a ladder, by the which your love must climb a bird's nest soon when it is dark.	1
there was never a mother who suffered so much loss .	1
but for whose sake did i do that sick deed ?	1
are you, fatal vision, as insensitive to feeling as you are to sight?	1
yes, by saint patrick, but there is, horatio, and much offence too.	1
either death or you i'll find immediately.	1
o worthiest cousin!	1
maybe, iago, i will never go home.	1
how can this drama be so many contradictory things ?	1
this man isn’t jealous?	1
here ,  lord bassanio; swear to keep this ring .	1
but if the cause is not just ,  the king himself will have a lot to answer for ,  when all those legs and arms and heads chopped off in battle shall join together on judgment day crying ,   “ we died at such and such a place .  ”  some will be swearing ,  some crying for a surgeon ,  some for the wives that are destitute without them ,  some about the debts they owed ,  some for their children left unprovided for .	1
i don’t want anything more .	1
is she to be buried in christian burial that wilfully seeks her own salvation ?	1
tend to the master's whistle !	1
then ,  god grant me too thou mayst be damnèd for that wicked deed .	1
oh ,  oh !	1
follow him ,  friends .	1
and i must rid all the sea of pirates ,  then ,  to send measures of wheat to rome .	1
if they could purge their guilt simply by saying that they were innocent ,  they’d all be as innocent as god himself .	1
do grace to caesar's corse ,  and grace his speech tending to caesar's glories ,  which mark antony ,  by our permission ,  is allow'd to make .	1
i will hold friends with you ,  lady .	1
sirrah ,  a word with you .	1
our masquerade mates are waiting for us .	1
no, cousin, i'll to fife.	1
now fear i this will give it start again; therefore let's follow.	1
what news ,  what news in this our tott'ring state ?	1
was i with you there for the goose ?	1
can you love the gentleman ?	1
indeed the top of admiration, worth what's dearest to the world!	1
ay.	1
his death’s upon him ,  but not dead .	1
give me particulars .	1
but this same cassio, though he speak of comfort touching the turkish loss, yet he looks sadly and prays the moor be safe; for they were parted with foul and violent tempest.	1
murder?	1
we mean well by going to this masquerade ball ,  but it’s not smart of us to go .	1
i will not swear these are my hands .	1
what needs to be done?	1
and you all know security is mortals’ chiefest enemy .	1
i shall obey, my lord.	1
you lie: you can’t .	1
you’ll find i’ll give it to you very willingly .	1
say ,   “ that splendid antony .  ”  the courageous caesar !	1
the poor souls—how strangely they talk !	1
fetch desdemona hither .	1
a lover ,  or a tyrant ?	1
don’t dislike me for my complexion, the dark clothing of the polished sun, to whom i am a neighbor, and born near it.	1
who’s there ?	1
speak ,  man .	1
o, that deceit should dwell in such a gorgeous palace!	1
these foolish drops drown my manly spirit somewhat; goodbye !	1
disdain and scorn ride sparkling in her eyes ,  misprizing what they look on ,  and her wit values itself so highly that to her all matter else seems weak .	1
no, caesar shall not.	1
but, wait, take this garland for your head.	1
now is the mural down between the two neighbors.	1
it would be as natural to me as it is to you: and i should do it much more easily ,  because my good will is in it ,  and yours is against it .	1
what a wise judge !	1
help ,  ho !	1
what hath he said?	1
catesby ,  o'erlook the walls .	1
o happy dagger ,  this is thy sheath .	1
nor none ,  in my mind ,  now you give her up .	1
i will beat you severely with an iron wit ,  and put away my iron dagger .	1
oh that great ,  funny guy ,  bottom !	1
i’ll have this crown of mine cut from my shoulders before i’ll see the crown so foul misplaced .	1
no ,  not me ,  sir .	1
go ,  rascals ,  go ,  and fetch my supper in .	1
let him not come near me .	1
well roared ,  lion !	1
why ,  i will fight with him upon this theme until my eyelids will no longer wag .	1
you are welcome ,  masters ,  welcome ,  all ! —i am glad to see thee well . —welcome ,  good friends . —o old friend ?	1
i’ll be before thee .	1
if there be any in this assembly ,  any dear friend of caesar's ,  to him i say that brutus' love to caesar was no less than his .	1
what time?	1
for ,  as i am a soldier ,  a name that in my thoughts becomes me best ,  if i begin the batt'ry once again ,  i will not leave the half - achieved harfleur till in her ashes she lie burièd .	1
come on ,  brother !	1
here you steal the name you don’t own and have put yourself on this island as a spy ,  to win it from me ,  the lord of it .	1
take this from this, if this be otherwise.	1
i’d rather die .	1
start ,  eyes !	1
my life for yours!	1
is that the way it is, countrymen?	1
the terms of our estate may not endure with danger so near to us as his craziness seems to get worse by the hour.	1
i am tame ,  sir .	1
what shall be our sport ,  then ?	1
only dig deep for your courage ,  and we'll not fail .	1
not know me yet ?	1
what else ?	1
i’ll need to have more proof than this.	1
come, sit down on this flowery bed, while i play with your amiable cheeks, and stick musk-roses in your sleek smooth head, and kiss your fair large ears, my gentle joy.	1
come on; we'll visit caliban my slave, who never yields us kind answer.	1
beat me!	1
my friend, thy husband, honest, honest iago.	1
what then?	1
my daughter ,  susan ,  and she god rest all christian souls !	1
i learned it in england, where, indeed, they are very powerful drinkers.	1
i married them; and their stol'n marriage day was tybalt's doomsday ,  whose untimely death banish'd the new - made bridegroom from this city; for whom ,  and not for tybalt ,  juliet pin'd .	1
that’s what he said .	1
my soul shall thine keep company to heaven .	1
even so ?	1
octavius, then take him to follow you, who did the latest service to my master.	1
but for a satisfaction of my thought; no further harm .	1
i have broke with her father and his goodwill obtained .	1
true ,  my good boy . —come ,  bring us to this hovel .	1
your servants ever have theirs ,  themselves ,  and what is theirs ,  in compt ,  to make their audit at your highness’ pleasure ,  still to return your own .	1
cassio, my lord, hath kill'd a young venetian call'd roderigo.	1
cry the man mercy ,  love him ,  take his offer .	1
torments will ope your lips.	1
i will not trust you, i won’t; and i’ll stay in your cursed company no longer.	1
where shall we dine ?	1
do you believe his  “ tenders ,  ”  as you call them ?	1
scurvy knave !	1
the owl made noise all night .	1
i don’t think you can, because then you weren’t three years old yet.	1
wrapped up queen” is good.	1
prithee, say true.	1
you blocks ,  you stones ,  you worse than senseless things !	1
your brutus ordered me to give it to you ,  and i’ll do what he says .	1
where's your father ?	1
she has light by her continually; ’tis her command.	1
to bed ,  to bed ,  to bed .	1
now ,  titania ,  wake up ,  my sweet queen .	1
good my lord ,  bid him welcome .	1
do i look like a club or a beating stick ,  a staff or a prop ?	1
he wish'd today our enterprise might thrive .	1
sir ,  these accusations should be answered .	1
so do i his .	1
run as if your life depended on it .	1
he hath no daughters ,  sir .	1
see me no more ,  whether he be dead or no .	1
this is mere madness .	1
and that will save a partridge wing from being eaten ,  because he’ll be too miserable for dinner .	1
thou canst not fear us ,  pompey ,  with thy sails .	1
good night ,  good night !	1
speak ,  speak !	1
please, if you hate me, kill me now while your purpled hands smeared with fresh blood.	1
get to it ,  be lustful ,  sleep around—i need soldiers for my army .	1
rise up as you would from your graves ,  and walk like spirits to see this horror !	1
will you do this?	1
beguil'd, divorced, wronged, spited, slain!	1
is he come home yet?	1
the mayor is here at hand .	1
he that knows better how to tame a shrew ,  now let him speak; ’tis charity to show .	1
that i won’t stand for .	1
take me to him .	1
didst thou give all to thy two daughters ,  and art thou come to this ?	1
o, villain that i am!	1
i am glad of it .	1
my visor is philemon’s roof; within the house is jove .	1
in any other case ,  he is .	1
and yet i think you look with your eyes just like every other woman does .	1
insulting hermia!	1
where is thy instrument ?	1
that’s true .	1
o brother montague ,  give me thy hand .	1
you shall do marvellous wisely ,  good reynaldo ,  before you visit him ,  to make inquire of his behaviour .	1
i shall laugh myself to death at this puppy - headed monster .	1
when the day comes ,  i’ll wish it were nighttime ,  so i could sleep with the legal expert’s clerk .	1
but in this way ,  grief and comfort appear together .	1
double ,  double ,  toil and trouble; fire burn and cauldron bubble .	1
here’s a sick man who wants to speak with you .	1
o ,  she will sing the savageness out of a bear !	1
what are you?	1
i dreamed that my lady came and found me dead, strange dream, that gives a dead man a second thought!	1
which their keepers call a lightening before death.	1
lie thou there .	1
there’s husbandry in heaven; their candles are all out .	1
then he is dead ?	1
who is that man?	1
now be quiet .	1
heavens thank you for't .	1
o, no, a lantern, slaughtr'd youth, for here lies juliet, and her beauty makes this vault a feasting presence full of light.	1
o, that a lady of one man refused should of another therefore be abused!	1
my lord, i'll hit him now.	1
did he charge interest?	1
don’t worry about the consequences .	1
my ducats ,  and my daughter !	1
take good care of him .	1
you ask me why i would rather choose to have a weight of dead flesh than to receive three thousand dollars.	1
god save you, sir!	1
o strange !	1
the duke will drink under this tree . —he’s been looking for you all day ,  you know .	1
what?	1
what ill request did brutus make to thee ?	1
shylock ,  although i don’t lend or borrow by taking or by giving excess money ,  still ,  to supply the urgent wants of my friend ,  i'll break a custom .	1
why ,  the he that will marry this woman .	1
now ,  by my holidam ,  here comes katherina !	1
tis in my memory lock'd ,  and you yourself shall keep the key of it .	1
the more she	1
o most dear mistress ,  the sun will set before i finish what i must work to do .	1
think what thou wilt, i am thy lover's grace; and like limander am i trusty still.	1
heavens shield lysander ,  if they really mean to fight !	1
he wants me dead .	1
o ,  for a chair ,  to carry him easily from here !	1
you can push my buttons ,  but you can’t play me for a fool .	1
say it, othello.	1
you just missed a fight that was barely avoided .	1
let it alone ,  thou fool .	1
the dauphin ,  whom of succors we entreated ,  returns us that his powers are yet not ready to raise so great a siege .	1
this is some token from a newer friend .	1
mother ,  you have my father much offended .	1
our fathers' minds are dead, and we are governed by our mothers' spirits; our burden and suffering makes us look womanish.	1
they told me i was everything .	1
all the most beautiful paintings are black when compared to rosalind .	1
all this is so ,  but what of this ,  my lord ?	1
leave it to his discretion ,  and let us listen to the moon .	1
dear lady ,  welcome home .	1
be choked with such another emphasis !	1
nurse ,  where’s my daughter ?	1
peter !	1
this is a trick to distract me from my request.	1
you, you, yes, you!	1
that you should here repent you ,  the actors are at hand ,  and by their show you shall know all that you are like to know .	1
none ,  my lord .	1
come, my queen, hold hands with me, and rock the ground where these sleepers are.	1
i will fetch you light ,  and paper ,  and ink .	1
unkindness may do much, and his unkindness may kill my life, but never taint my love.	1
why ,  so i do .	1
your wives ,  your daughters ,  your old women ,  and your young maids together could not satisfy my lust .	1
good morrow ,  neighbor ,  whither away so fast ?	1
the barbarous scythian ,  or he that makes his generation messes to gorge his appetite ,  shall to my bosom be as well neighbored ,  pitied ,  and relieved as thou my sometime daughter .	1
as sweet repose and rest come to thy heart as that within my breast .	1
now ,  signior ,  what news ?	1
how full of meaning his replies sometimes are!	1
they were villains ,  murderers .	1
no ,  by our lady ,  i don’t think he can .	1
the sorrow that i feel actually belongs to you ,  and the high life you enjoy actually belongs to me .	1
is your man secret?	1
then move not while my prayer's effect i take.	1
he knows not yet of his honorable fortune.	1
i think it be ,  sir .	1
and therefore ,  like herself—wise ,  fair and true— shall she be placèd in my constant soul .	1
ay ,  my lord .	1
tomorrow ,  if you want to speak with me ,  i’ll come to your house; or ,  if you like ,  come to my house ,  and i’ll wait for you .	1
so says my master antony.	1
what do you have to say for yourself ,  hermia ?	1
they swore you did .	1
our italy shines o’er with civil swords .	1
happily met ,  my lady and my wife .	1
mark antony is in your tents ,  my lord .	1
it would be hard ,  almost impossible .	1
forsooth, a great arithmetician, one michael cassio, a florentine a fellow almost damn'd in a fair wife that never set a squadron in the field, nor the division of a battle knows more than a spinster; unless the bookish theoric, where in the toga'd consuls can propose as masterly as he; mere prattle without practice, is all his soldiership.	1
treachery!	1
what man dot you dig it for ?	1
with courtesy and with respect enough, but not with such familiar instances, nor with such free and friendly conference, as he hath used of old.	1
good thinking .	1
your life insurance ?	1
he will come straight .	1
what's your grace's will?	1
i spoke with some of the sailors that escaped the wreck .	1
hold ,  sir ,  here’s my purse .	1
this must be known; which ,  being kept close ,  might move more grief to hide than hate to utter love .	1
no, he will answer the letter's writer, how he dares being dared.	1
sit down and feed ,  and welcome to our table .	1
but indeed an old religious uncle of mine taught me to speak ,  who was in his youth an inland man ,  one that knew courtship too well ,  for there he fell in love .	1
sweet lady, you have given me life, and living; for here i read for certain, that my ships are safely come to road.	1
into what dangers would you lead me, cassius, that you would have me seek into myself for that which is not in me?	1
o day untowardly turned !	1
i’ll confine myself no finer than i am .	1
gave it a judge's clerk ! —no ,  god's my judge !	1
i’ll catch it before it falls to the ground .	1
the prince will doom thee death if thou art taken.	1
even by the rule of that philosophy by which i did blame cato for the death which he did give himself: i know not how ,  but i do find it cowardly and vile ,  for fear of what might fall ,  so to prevent the time of life: arming myself with patience to stay the providence of some high powers that govern us below .	1
cassio?	1
now will i to the chink ,  to spy an i can hear my thisbe’s face .	1
thus twice before ,  and jump at this dead hour ,  with martial stalk hath he gone by our watch .	1
and why should caesar be a tyrant then ?	1
the sun glints off our armor .	1
i'll tell you before you ask me again.	1
here thought they to have done some wanton charm upon this man and maid ,  whose vows are that no bed - right shall be paid till hymen’s torch be lighted—but in vain .	1
i’ll pay you .	1
heaven keep you safe !	1
come ,  let’s have one other gaudy night .	1
sadness over my son’s exile stopped her breath .	1
how now, my lord!	1
but a lot of men have more hair than intelligence .	1
let me see: who chooseth me, shall gain what many men desire.	1
o murderous coxcomb !	1
a prophet from the bible come to judgment !	1
surely ,  luciana ,  it’s already two o'clock .	1
what love could press lysander from my side?	1
i think he will carry this island home in his pocket and give it his son for an apple .	1
by the mass, and 'tis like a camel, indeed.	1
well . — now come ,  my ariel !	1
what is ,  my lord ?	1
o day and night, but this is wondrous strange!	1
romeo slew him; he slew mercutio .	1
as for this ghost we just saw ,  he’s a real one ,  i can tell you that much .	1
the will !	1
think what thou wilt ,  i am thy lover's grace; and like limander am i trusty still .	1
amen .	1
that way the noise is .	1
i will ,  caesar .	1
ourself will mingle with society and play the humble host.	1
but were i brutus, and brutus antony, there were an antony would ruffle up your spirits and put a tongue in every wound of caesar that should move the stones of rome to rise and mutiny.	1
shame on romeo !	1
for your three thousand dollars, here are six.	1
titinius ,  if you love me ,  mount my horse and hide your spurs in him ,  until he has brought you up to the troops over there and back here again that i may rest assured whether the troops over there are friend or enemy .	1
to her ,  my lord ,  was i betroth'd ere i saw hermia .	1
why, he had none.	1
who cannot think how monstrous it was for malcolm and for donalbain to kill their gracious father?	1
no ,  it’s casca ,  someone who’s going to work with us .	1
afore me, it is so very very late that we may call it early by-and-by.	1
what should i do that i’m not doing ?	1
that’s definitely too old .	1
scurvy knave!	1
yes, at philippi.	1
what life is in that to be the death of this marriage ?	1
i say you are not .	1
little’ again !	1
and that distilled by magic sleights shall raise such artificial sprites as by the strength of their illusion shall draw him on to his confusion .	1
nor do we find him forward to be sounded ,  but with a crafty madness keeps aloof when we would bring him on to some confession of his true state .	1
don’t talk to me ,  emilia .	1
verona's summer hath not such a flower.	1
now entertain conjecture of a time when creeping murmur and the poring dark fills the wide vessel of the universe .	1
with what persuasion did he tempt thy love ?	1
how was this sealed ?	1
let this act be the stone that sharpens your sword.	1
what’s thy name ?	1
lucilius and titinius, ask the commanders to prepare to pitch tents for their troops tonight.	1
weren’t you banished on pain of death ?	1
why don’t you answer me ,  man ?	1
what play ?	1
i don’t know .	1
hence ,  get thee gone ,  and follow me no more .	1
have they come back ?	1
i was not myself ,  as a result of the wine .	1
how do you ,  malvolio ?	1
then you'll buy them to sell again .	1
if ever you disturb our streets again ,  you will suffer the death penalty for breaking the peace .	1
is the prince’s punishment any less awful than doomsday ?	1
by'r lady ,  thirty years .	1
lady, such a man as all the world- why he's a man of wax.	1
and the creature run from the cur ?	1
please ,  follow straight after me .	1
it is for the dead ,  not for the quick ,  therefore you lie .	1
i looked not for you yet ,  nor am provided for your fit welcome .	1
isn’t he a horrible man ?	1
no ,  i don’t ,  sir .	1
o ,  sir ,  upon her nose ,  all o'er - embellished with rubies ,  carbuncles ,  sapphires ,  declining their rich aspect to the hot breath of spain ,  who sent whole armadas of caracks to be ballast at her nose .	1
farewell ,  my lord .	1
oh no ,  my reasons are deep and as permanent as death .	1
i would i were invisible ,  to catch the strong fellow by the leg .	1
i know not at whose suit he is arrested well ,  but he’s in a suit of buff which ’rested him; that can i tell .	1
if he had been forgotten, it would have been a gap in our great feast, and unbecoming to us.	1
dost thou think so ,  spirit ?	1
pitiful situation!	1
my mother!	1
a skull ,  whose empty eye has a written scroll in it !	1
but soon i’ll see the gods punish you for your lack of respect to your father .	1
have you a soul or sense ?	1
his speech was like a tangled chain .	1
the gain i seek is quiet in the match .	1
was my father a traitor ,  mother ?	1
what is your name ?	1
how hast thou offended ?	1
the stuff you had at the centaur ,  sir .	1
good even, casca.	1
i know this is a joyful trouble to you; but yet ’tis one.	1
the noblest men who ever walked on leather have walked on my handiwork .	1
there are many events in the womb of time which will be delivered.	1
i’d swear he wouldn’t leave it behind ,  or even take it off his finger ,  for all the money in the world .	1
hence will i to my ghostly friar’s close cell ,  his help to crave and my dear hap to tell .	1
a fiend like thee might bear my soul to hell .	1
the hurt cannot be much .	1
and as for his dreams ,  i’m surprised he’s so foolish as to trust the fantasies of a restless night .	1
i understand a fury in your words ,  but not the words .	1
are you a man?	1
uninhabitable, and almost inaccessible— [to antonio] yet— [to antonio] yet— yet— [to sebastian] he could not miss't.	1
should you do so, my lord, my speech should fall into such vile success which my thoughts aim not at.	1
let me ask you something in private .	1
come, my queen, take hands with me, and rock the ground whereon these sleepers be.	1
my ancestors drove tarquin from the streets of rome when he was called a king . —  " speak ,  strike ,  revenge !	1
thou hast braved many men; brave not me .	1
how chance the roses there do fade so fast?	1
most learnèd judge ,  a sentence !	1
it is born .	1
what news, my love?	1
i think nothing, my lord.	1
you ,  merchant ,  have you anything to say ?	1
o ,  for a chair ,  to bear him easily hence !	1
i’m very glad to see you .	1
were it good ,  think you ?	1
yes ,  unfortunately .	1
i’ll give you the title to that ship and its treasure .	1
o heaven defend me!	1
what ,  you speak drowsily .	1
why ,  that is nothing .	1
hail to you ,  thane of glamis !	1
you mustn’t think that we are made of stuff so flat and dull that we can let our power be shaken with danger, and think it unimportant.	1
o banquo ,  banquo !	1
who is't that can inform me?	1
you know ,  sometimes he walks four hours together here in the lobby .	1
who are you here that cry so grievously?	1
if any of my relatives find you here they’ll kill you because of who you are .	1
i was born to speak all mirth and no  matter .	1
i could have blown up the town in an hour .	1
venus went home again ,  and her little son broke all his arrows ,  swearing he’ll never shoot them again ,  but play with birds like other little boys .	1
i have brought the king's son ashore by himself ,  and i left him cooling off with the air that blows gently in a remote spot of the island ,  and sitting ,  his arms sadly folded like this .	1
if i profane with my unworthiest hand this holy shrine ,  the gentle fine is this: my lips ,  two blushing pilgrims ,  ready stand to smooth that rough touch with a tender kiss .	1
tigers ,  not daughters ,  what have you performed ?	1
now would i give a thousand furlongs of sea for an acre of barren ground—long heath, brown furze, anything.	1
i swear i do .	1
there may as well be amity and life 'tween snow and fire ,  as treason and my love .	1
did you speak to him ?	1
who is her mother ?	1
i hope ,  in no place so unsanctified where such as thou mayst find him .	1
make those that do offend you suffer too .	1
let their beds be made as soft as yours ,  and let their palates be season'd with such viands ?	1
he hath left them you and to your heirs forever—common pleasures ,  to walk abroad and recreate yourselves .	1
my fears can’t actually make you evil .	1
but, peace!	1
none wed the second but who killed the first .	1
be not too late .	1
i shall do well .	1
i’m afraid i wrong the honorable men whose daggers have stabbed caesar; i really do fear it.	1
sir ,  she is mortal; but by immortal providence she's mine .	1
it’s too bad their beauty fades right when it reaches perfection !	1
but enough about that .	1
men ,  wives ,  and children stare ,  cry out ,  and run ,  as it were doomsday .	1
go fetch it ,  sister .	1
well go on home .	1
so stop crying .	1
o ,  'tis the spite of hell ,  the fiend's archmock ,  to lip a wanton in a secure couch ,  and to suppose her chaste !	1
by my troth ,  ’s not so good ,  and i warrant your cousin will say so .	1
call my brother .	1
no ,  my good lord .	1
o idiot!	1
confusion now hath made his masterpiece .	1
i am too bold; 'tis not to me she speaks .	1
is he unable to repay the money?	1
you may do what you want to, but i say he's a tried and valiant soldier.	1
i will not be afraid of death and bane till birnam forest come to dunsinane.	1
and in this headstrong state, kills the hidden good old man.	1
the folly of this island!	1
that gallant spirit has gone into the clouds, which saw an untimely death here on earth.	1
he breathes ,  my lord .	1
carry him gently to bed ,  and every man be ready at his post when he awakes .	1
my lord ,  he's going to his mother's closet .	1
may i with right and conscience make this claim ?	1
romeo is coming .	1
i don’t believe that you deal justly with me .	1
we will try it.	1
you don’t pray well .	1
to do this is within the scope of man's wit ,  and therefore ,  i will attempt to do it .	1
the sweet and bitter fool will presently appear— the one in motley here ,  the other found out there .	1
no ,  madam ,  he does nothing but smile .	1
no.	1
i’m ashamed that i gave in to them.	1
alas the day !	1
bear’st thou her face in mind ?	1
if that were true ,  then i’d know your secret .	1
methinks his words do from such passion fly ,  that he believes himself .	1
my lord ,  i have news to tell you .	1
scorn and defiance ,  slight regard ,  contempt ,  and anything that may not misbecome the mighty sender ,  doth he prize you at .	1
quickly ,  quickly ,  please ,  draw the curtain right away; the prince of aragon has taken his oath ,  and comes to make his choice now .	1
full half an hour.	1
vows, to the blackest devil!	1
lucius !	1
this my daughter has shown this to me in obedience ,  and furthermore ,  has his gifts ,  which she has described to me by the time ,  by means ,  and place they were received .	1
i’m happy about that .	1
ghastly looks are at my service ,  like enforcèd smiles ,  and both are ready in their offices ,  at any time to grace my stratagems .	1
why do you dress me in borrow'd robes ?	1
alack ,  our terrene moon is now eclipsed ,  and it portends alone the fall of antony .	1
every subject’s duty is the king’s ,  but every subject’s soul is his own .	1
what will all this lead to?	1
know him ?	1
what can i give you that you want ,  my lord ,  except the one thing you can’t have ?	1
you could not prevent her from dying someday ,  but heaven will give her eternal life .	1
any trick that works is good for me .	1
know you him ?	1
and to what?	1
it may be honest ,  but it’s never wise to bring bad news .	1
who's there ?	1
i’ll wait patiently .	1
i’ll drink as much as you do !	1
i'll call upon you ere you go to bed and tell you what i know .	1
i do think there is mettle in death ,  which commits some loving act upon her ,  she hath such a celerity in dying .	1
quoth my master .	1
this is that banish'd haughty montague that murdered my love's cousin—with which grief it is supposed the fair creature died— and here is come to do some villanous shame to the dead bodies.	1
so find someone younger to love ,  or you won’t be able to maintain your feelings .	1
there is so much money if you’ll kill me now; kill brutus ,  and be honored in his death .	1
i know this is a joyful trouble to you; but yet ’tis one .	1
ay ,  marry ,  go ,  i say ,  and fetch him hither . — now ,  afore god ,  this reverend holy friar !	1
no ,  my noble lord .	1
i spoke with some of the sailors that escaped the wrack .	1
the royal tree hath left us royal fruit ,  which ,  mellowed by the stealing hours of time ,  will well become the seat of majesty ,  and make ,  no doubt ,  us happy by his reign .	1
we will try it.	1
oh excellent !	1
i know a terrific wench .	1
hail to you, baron of glamis!	1
if you get what you want and you’re still not happy ,  you’ve spent everything and gained nothing .	1
bring him to me .	1
nay ,  i have done .	1
i would have stay'd till i had made you merry, if worthier friends had not prevented me.	1
lord ,  lord ,  when she was a little baby—oh ,  there is one nobleman in the city ,  a guy named paris ,  who would be happy to claim her as his own .	1
those that were your father’s enemies have steeped their galls in honey ,  and do serve you with hearts create of duty and of zeal .	1
we don’t have any music that can’t be heard .	1
the most infectious pestilence upon thee !	1
we two, my lord, will guard your person while you take your rest, and watch your safety.	1
she says all the right things ,  but the dumbest brothel - keeper would tell the same story .	1
that will ask some tears in the true performing of it .	1
the hell with her !	1
sweet now ,  silence !	1
and now he’s gone .	1
illo, ho, ho, my lord!	1
if i stand here ,  i saw him .	1
and will you give me leave ?	1
for both ,  my lord .	1
it was the owl that shriek'd ,  the fatal bellman ,  which gives the stern'st good - night .	1
that ?	1
hang her!	1
and mine a hundred and forty .	1
he is no crescent, and his horns are invisible within the circumference.	1
o woeful day !	1
leave him to my wrath . —edmund ,  go with my sister - in - law .	1
i’ll go wait for dromio at the marketplace .	1
stop advising me; your words pass through my ears like water through a sieve .	1
with that ,  i hope god is with him !	1
tweaks me by the nose ?	1
i'll beat the rogue into a wicker bottle .	1
as you know ,  next sunday my daughter katherina is to be married .	1
tis certain then for cyprus .	1
from hence to inverness ,  and bind us further to you .	1
i did hear the galloping of horse.	1
what ,  shall we toward the tower ?	1
let rome be thus informed .	1
apothecary!	1
being done, there is no pause.	1
gold ,  silver ,  and base lead .	1
he had the front visor of his helmet up .	1
hark you ,  guildenstern ,  and you too—at each ear a hearer .	1
would he were here!	1
it must be thought on .	1
my king ,  they haven’t come back yet .	1
what do you say ?	1
oh ,  it is my love .	1
very well.	1
actually ,  i should .	1
what would you say to me now ,  an i were your very ,  very rosalind ?	1
i won’t listen to you .	1
go !	1
i have it not about me .	1
let's after him ,  whose care is gone before to bid us welcome: it is a peerless kinsman .	1
roast me in sulphur !	1
if he love caesar ,  all that he can do is to himself ,  take thought and die for caesar .	1
i’ll secure the doors ,  and cover myself with some more dollars ,  and i’ll be with you right away .	1
look who’s coming: a young man and an old man ,  having a serious talk .	1
being so frustrate ,  tell him ,  he mocks the pauses that he makes .	1
kill me tomorrow—let me live tonight !	1
regarding this vision here ,  it is an honest ghost ,  that i can tell you .	1
who is this maiden with whom you were at play ?	1
fie on her !	1
if she offers him her love ,  it’s very possible that he’ll scorn it ,  since ,  as we all know ,  he tends to be contemptuous .	1
the law fully authorizes the penalty ,  which you have to pay according to the contract .	1
but that i am forbid to tell the secrets of my prison-house, i could a tale unfold whose lightest word would harrow up thy soul, freeze thy young blood, make thy two eyes, like stars, start from their spheres, thy knotted and combined locks to part, and each particular hair to stand an end like quills upon the fretful porpentine.	1
monday !	1
what to ourselves in passion we propose, the passion ending, doth the purpose lose.	1
my granddaughter ,  with her kind aunt ,  the duchess of gloucester ,  leading her by the hand ?	1
what else ?	1
love's heralds should be thoughts, which ten times faster glide than the sun's beams driving back shadows over low'ring hills.	1
what’s this all about ?	1
i’m sorry ,  sir ,  but in this war i consider you a subordinate ,  not my equal .	1
well ,  i'll set you forth .	1
you mock me ,  madam .	1
you sun-burned reapers, tired of august, come here from the rows you have plowed and be happy: make it a holiday: put on your rye-straw hats, and meet every one pf these fresh nymphs in country dancing.	1
hast thou slain him ,  then ?	1
i admire your efforts ,  and all of you will share the rewards .	1
well ,  is it not news that petruchio’s coming ?	1
when i was in school ,  when i had lost one arrow ,  i shot another one of identical length in an identical way ,  with more thoughtful care ,  to find the one i lost ,  and by risking both ,  i often found both .	1
tear him for his bad verses ,  tear him for his bad verses .	1
are you native of this place ?	1
i am yet unknown to woman ,  never was forsworn ,  scarcely have coveted what was mine own ,  at no time broke my faith ,  would not betray the devil to his fellow ,  and delight no less in truth than life .	1
good faith ,  good faith ,  the saying did not hold in him that did object the same to thee !	1
here an angel’s lying in a golden bed . —give me the key .	1
nay ,  but he prated and spoke such scurvy and provoking terms against your honor that ,  with the little godliness i have ,  i did full hard forbear him .	1
the enemy, marching along by them, by them shall make a fuller number up, come on refresh'd, new-added, and encouraged; from which advantage shall we cut him off if at philippi we do face him there, these people at our back.	1
i have not ’scaped drowning to be afeard now of your four legs .	1
oh !	1
give thy thoughts no tongue ,  nor any unproportion'd thought his act .	1
o ,  that deceit should dwell in such a gorgeous palace !	1
but what trade art thou ?	1
here i’m kneeling to swear that if i ever did anything to destroy his love for me ,  either by thoughts or actions ,  or if i ever took pleasure in anyone else ,  or if i never did love him ,  or don’t love him now—even though he tries to shake me off—	1
down!	1
portia is dead.	1
oh ,  there’s my lady !	1
is it possible a young maid's sanity should be die as does an old man?	1
look ,  look !	1
and, england, if my love thou hold'st at aught— as my great power thereof may give thee sense, since yet thy cicatrice looks raw and red after the danish sword, and thy free awe pays homage to us—thou mayst not coldly set our sovereign process, which imports at full, by letters congruing to that effect, the present death of hamlet.	1
be silent .	1
you may think ,  perhaps ,  because she is something lower than myself ,  that i can match her movements .	1
alas ,  poor yorick !	1
one more ,  one more; be like this when you are dead ,  and i will kill you ,  and love you after .	1
oh ,  don’t fight by sea ,  noble emperor !	1
i’ve transferred richard’s body to a new grave and on it poured more tears of remorse than it has shed drops of blood .	1
you’re not my friend.	1
believe me, king of shadows, i mistook.	1
i will be deaf to pleading and excuses; nor tears nor prayers shall purchase out abuses .	1
is not this stephano ,  my drunken butler ?	1
a lean cheek ,  which you have not; a blue eye and sunken ,  which you have not; an unquestionable spirit ,  which you have not; a beard neglected ,  which you have not—but i pardon you for that ,  for simply your having in beard is a younger brother’s revenue .	1
let it go all .	1
what noise?	1
keep your purse .	1
my liege ,  they are not yet come back .	1
but come ,  young waverer ,  come go with me .	1
this direction is east.	1
yes; as sparrows are by eagles ,  or the hare is by the lion .	1
what a full fortune does the thicklips owe ,  if he can carry't thus !	1
i’m serving under him to take advantage of him .	1
you told me that you don’t salute at the court but kiss hands .	1
it’s a measly little cap ,  a dessert crust ,  a plaything ,  a silk pie .	1
yea ,  and i will weep a while longer .	1
do you hear ,  cassio ?	1
i called thee then  “ vain flourish of my fortune .  ”  i called thee then poor shadow ,   “ painted queen ,  ”  the presentation of but what i was ,  the flattering index of a direful pageant ,  one heaved a - high ,  to be hurled down below ,  a mother only mocked with two fair babes ,  a dream of what thou wast ,  a garish flag to be the aim of every dangerous shot ,  a sign of dignity ,  a breath ,  a bubble ,  a queen in jest ,  only to fill the scene .	1
then certain ones .	1
what a pity, what a pity that heaven should practice its strategies on a weak subject such as i am!	1
don’t deny to him that you love me .	1
this is news indeed!	1
o ill - dispersing wind of misery !	1
the highest - ranking ?	1
i found it in my chamber.	1
i curse myself for doing that !	1
those who have known how bad things are here on earth .	1
vent my folly ?	1
to ferdinand] if i have too austerely punished you, [to ferdinand] if i have too your compensation makes amends, for i have given you here a third of mine own life— or that for which i live—who once again i tender to thy hand.	1
no ,  my lord ,  i saw nothing .	1
well then ,  it now appears you need my help: go to then: you come to me ,  and you say ,  shylock ,  we would have monies; you say so; you ,  that did void your rheum upon my beard ,  and foot me ,  as you spurn a stranger cur over your threshold; monies is your suit .	1
wilt thou have music ?	1
a good persuasion; therefore ,  hear me ,  hermia .	1
madam, your mother craves a word with you.	1
thieves !	1
o nuncle ,  court holy water in a dry house is better than this rainwater out o' door .	1
caesar has never been wrong, only with good reason, and he will not be satisfied without good reason.	1
i know i can do it .	1
as for your husband ,  he is noble ,  wise ,  and judicious ,  and he understands what the times require .	1
here at the door; i pray you, call them in.	1
he’s standing ready outside the door .	1
with crisscrossed laces ?	1
you should ask instead if it’s possible that any criminal could be so rich .	1
with all my heart ,  i give you that thing which ,  if you didn’t already have it ,  i’d try with all my heart to keep from you .	1
have you heard any imputation to the contrary?	1
i’m sure some christian will resort to trickery to get you .	1
no further ,  sir .	1
well thought upon .	1
he was a man, take him for all in all, i shall not look upon his like again.	1
caesar ,  i will .	1
no ,  not tonight .	1
farewell; because i must leave you .	1
and, i'll guarantee that she is full of game.	1
let me see now, to get his place, and to congratulate myself in double trickery, how, how?	1
rosalind of a better leer than you .	1
what sayest thou ?	1
cassio ,  my lord ,  has killed a young venetian called roderigo .	1
when i could see ,  i didn’t always see clearly .	1
let us not break with him ,  for he will never follow anything that other men begin .	1
i can tell by the way you waggle your head .	1
if god will be revenged for this deed ,  he will do it publicly .	1
o most pernicious woman !	1
those are only two of his weapons .	1
good luck .	1
i think thou dost; and for i know thou'rt full of love and honesty and weigh'st thy words before thou givest them breath, therefore these stops of thine fright me the more; for such things in a false disloyal knave are tricks of custom; but in a man that's just they're close dilations, working from the heart, that passion cannot rule.	1
follow!	1
write them down together; your name is just as good; say them out loud; your name sounds just as good; think about their importance ,  yours is just as important; use them to contact ghosts ,   " brutus "  will bring a spirit as soon as  " caesar .	1
tis my picture .	1
so boring this day is, as the night before some festival is to an impatient child that has new clothes, and can’t wear them.	1
o, no; he goes into mauritania, and takes away with him the fair desdemona, unless his abode be lingered here by some accident; wherein none can be so determinate as the removing of cassio.	1
and that would be— ?	1
why ,  here he comes ,  swelling like a turkey - cock .	1
indeed, to speak feelingly of him, he is the card or calendar of gentry, because you shall find in him the continent of what a gentleman is.	1
give him the cup .	1
give us a smile .	1
this is signior antonio .	1
the rate— well ,  shylock ,  shall we be beholding to you ?	1
you know sometimes he walks for hours and hours here in the lobby.	1
and did you see the handkerchief?	1
why ,  so did you .	1
farewell till then .	1
your humor is a spicy sauce .	1
what noise is that ?	1
come out ,  i order you .	1
what dost thou mean ?	1
it hath been taught us from the primal state that he which is was wished until he were ,  and the ebbed man ,  ne’er loved till ne’er worth love ,  comes deared by being lacked .	1
my soul, and not my child!	1
you have amazed me.	1
and now i have the boy, i will undo this hateful imperfection of her eyes.	1
well ,  what is it ?	1
do ’t ,  knight .	1
thy husband .	1
girls ,  girls !	1
discern'st thou aught in that ?	1
what ?	1
excellent ,  very good .	1
it doesn’t get seen enough; you should wear it in your cap ,  the way fools wear coxcombs .	1
if there’s any doubt ,  there is no doubt .	1
montano and myself being in speech ,  there comes a fellow crying out for help ,  and cassio following him with determined sword ,  to execute upon him .	1
heaven knows what she has known .	1
bring me the handkerchief—my mind is full of doubt .	1
has your lord given you any orders to negotiate with my face ?	1
demetrius, i'll avouch it to his head, made love to nedar's daughter, helena, and won her soul; and she, sweet lady, dotes, devoutly dotes, dotes in idolatry, upon this spotted and inconstant man.	1
here ,  madam:     conster them .	1
if i could get my hands on you ,  i’d make you care .	1
but all the story of the night told over, and all their minds transfigured so together, more witnesseth than fancy's images, and grows to something of great constancy, but howsoever strange and admirable.	1
signior baptista ,  i’m actually in a bit of a hurry .	1
order them to move back .	1
whose grave's this, sir- rah?	1
look at macbeth—he’s in a daze .	1
they could be content to go to other places ,  and come down with fearful bravery ,  thinking that by this face to impress our minds ,  they have courage; but it’s not true .	1
such tricks hath strong imagination that, if it would but apprehend some joy, it comprehends some bringer of that joy; or in the night, imagining some fear, how easy is a bush supposed a bear?	1
we will wait on you ,  your majesty .	1
dost grant me ,  hedgehog ?	1
i feared he did but trifle and meant to wreck thee .	1
we achieve things with our intelligence ,  not by magic ,  and intelligent planning takes time .	1
taste your legs ,  sir .	1
i do beg you ,  although i am ,  perhaps ,  vicious in my guess ,  as i confess it is a bad habit of mine to look deeply into wrongs ,  and to find faults that aren’t by my jealousy ,  that your wisdom still would take no notice from one that so imperfectly imagines things ,  or create a problem for yourself out of his scattered and unsure observations .	1
i am out of all other tune ,  methinks .	1
now ,  by saint peter’s church and peter too ,  he shall not make me there a joyful bride .	1
i say “silver sound” because musicians makes sounds for silver.	1
and now, who knows but you, lorenzo, whether i am yours?	1
lord, how my head aches!	1
and shall i couple hell ?	1
what does  you’d have a great hairstyle if you had .	1
we are attacked by ghosts.	1
fourscore ducats!	1
dromio ,  what stuff of mine did you put on a ship ?	1
that’s mercy ,  but too much security .	1
bleed ,  bleed ,  poor country !	1
oh ,  iras ,  charmian !	1
take it easy; he shall see my face no more; lysander and i are going to leave this place quickly .	1
you know tomorrow is her wedding day .	1
what, strike his wife!	1
oh ,  you idiot !	1
i think there must be something invigorating about death ,  since she dies with such enthusiasm .	1
apothecary !	1
lie thou there .	1
they are harder than the stones the house is made of .	1
his face will make the heavens so beautiful that the world will fall in love with the night and forget about the garish sun .	1
you conspire against your friend, iago, if you only think him wronged and won’t let him be anything but a stranger to your thoughts.	1
o hell - kite !	1
i wonder at this haste ,  that i must wed ere he ,  that should be husband ,  comes to woo .	1
o murderous simpleton !	1
ah ,  thou spell !	1
it is the prince of palfreys .	1
good question ,  girl: my tale invites that question .	1
but i have a legitimate son a few years older than this one ,  and i don’t love him any more than i love my bastard .	1
oh ,  how i love you !	1
you’re a villain !	1
i have a pretty good ear for music .	1
have you your father's permission?	1
you may do your will, but he's a tried and valiant soldier.	1
i will bestow you where you shall have time to speak your bosom freely .	1
thieves !	1
i haven’t seen you since you sent me to the centaur with the gold you gave me .	1
cheerly ,  boys .	1
it’s only for your willing and receptive ear .	1
no, come, let's go together.	1
no ,  my good lord .	1
lucilius and titinius ,  bid the commanders prepare to lodge their companies tonight .	1
i drink to thee .	1
get back to him quickly speed ,  and tell him what has happened .	1
god help me ,  i love you !	1
because she’s been chosen by signior hortensio .	1
how now ,  my sweet bianca !	1
he says they can’t do anything like this.	1
i shall never see my gold again .	1
wash your hands .	1
when i am alone ,  why then i am tranio; but in all places else ,  your master lucentio .	1
why, so i can, sir, but i won’t now.	1
he ran this way, and leaped over this orchard wall.	1
aside .	1
if i do die before thee ,  prithee ,  shroud me in one of these same sheets .	1
come ,  come ,  dispatch .	1
he needs not .	1
my sword ,  i say !	1
who would do so?	1
then ,  you be happy .	1
o lord ,  lord ,  it is a hard matter for friends to meet ,  but mountains may be removed with earthquakes and so encounter .	1
a most high miracle .	1
take care .	1
detain no jot ,  i charge thee .	1
but we will draw the curtain and show you the picture .	1
this man, with lanthorn, dog, and bush of thorn, presenteth moonshine; for, if you will know, by moonshine did these lovers think no scorn to meet at ninus' tomb, there, there to woo.	1
good portia, go to bed.	1
she that makes dainty, she, i'll swear, hath corns.	1
it hath been the untimely emptying of the happy throne and fall of many kings .	1
in one voyage did claribel her husband find at tunis; and ferdinand ,  her brother ,  found a wife where he himself was lost; prospero ,  his dukedom in a poor isle; and all of us ,  ourselves when no man was his own .	1
no .	1
of him, sir.	1
what ,  still in tears ?	1
oh sweet bully bottom !	1
tis hatched ,  and shall be so .	1
oh ,  i wish i could make a  my soul is calling out my name .	1
if you would take the pains but to examine the wars of pompey the great ,  you shall find ,  i warrant you ,  that there is no tiddle toddle nor pibble babble in pompey’s camp .	1
as you like this, give me the lie again.	1
give me some comfort ,  nurse .	1
so i expect his.	1
go and get our stuff onto the ship .	1
i’d rather break my own heart .	1
why dost thou lead these men about the streets ?	1
your parents are lucky to have such a lovely child .	1
he is of note .	1
o the heavens!	1
that which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet.	1
you have got more hair on your chin than dobbin my thrill - horse has on his tail .	1
let four captains bear hamlet like a soldier to the stage; for he was likely, had he been put on, to have proved most royal; and, for his passage, the soldiers' music and the rites of war speak loudly for him.	1
she has made a plan of how i shall take her from her father's house; what gold and jewels she has; what boy's suit she has ready .	1
i’ll tell you truly what i think about the king in my heart .	1
but that i love thee best ,  o most best ,  believe it .	1
time, thou anticipatest my dread exploits.	1
let that suffice you .	1
o cassius, if you could but win the noble brutus to our party— be you content.	1
what says the golden chest?	1
nice grumio ,  bring me some .	1
a greater power than we can contradict has opposed our plans.	1
waking] why, how now?	1
he's gone .	1
but are you sure that benedick loves beatrice that much ?	1
more light and light—more dark and dark our woes!	1
but i could see that cupid’s fiery arrow was put out by watery ,  virginal moonbeams ,  so the royal virgin continued her virginal thoughts without being interrupted by thoughts of love .	1
why do you cry ?	1
edward plantagenet ,  why art thou dead ?	1
get thee gone.	1
set it down awhile .	1
do it, england; for like the hectic in my blood he rages, and thou must cure me.	1
yes ,  my lord .	1
they are ,  my lord ,  outside the palace gate .	1
thy evil spirit, brutus.	1
yes ,  my lord .	1
i’ll play this bout first, put it aside a while.	1
good morrow, caesar.	1
a sweeter and a lovellier gentleman ,  framed in the prodigality of nature ,  young ,  valiant ,  wise ,  and ,  no doubt ,  right royal ,  the spacious world cannot again afford .	1
look how flushed the actor is ,  with tears in his eyes .	1
it’s falling into place .	1
what's done cannot be undone .	1
i want to learn how to lie .	1
if ,  rather than to marry county paris ,  thou hast the strength of will to slay thyself ,  then is it likely thou wilt undertake a thing like death to chide away this shame ,  that cop’st with death himself to scape from it; and ,  if thou dar'st ,  i'll give thee remedy .	1
i grant i am a woman, but withal a woman that lord brutus took to wife.	1
the body is with the king ,  but the king is not with the body .	1
it is faded, and rather like a dream than a definite memory in my mind.	1
oh ,  my old master ! —who tied him up ?	1
my dollars and my daughter !	1
we must be patient ,  but i cannot choose but weep ,  to think they should lay him i' th' cold ground .	1
we’ll set thee to school to an ant to teach thee there’s no laboring i' th' winter .	1
which is the merchant here, and which the jew?	1
who is here so base that would be a bondman ?	1
and ,  most dear actors ,  don’t eat any onions nor garlic ,  because we are to utter our lines with sweet breath; and i don’t doubt that we will hear them say it is a sweet comedy .	1
that is because the traitor murderer lives .	1
they are ,  my lord .	1
but it doesn’t matter .	1
is his ship sturdy ?	1
don’t spoil the justness and virtue of our endeavor nor weaken our own irrepressible spirits by thinking that we need a binding oath ,  when the blood that every noble roman contains within him would be proven bastard’s blood if he broke the smallest part of any promise he had made .	1
amen .	1
your voice is loud and commanding ,  but you look like a working man .	1
god in heaven bless her !	1
if a ship’s leaving ,  come to the marketplace .	1
by any other house or person ?	1
my comfort is that old age ,  that poor preserver of beauty ,  can’t make my face any worse than it already is .	1
pray ye ,  go .	1
my love doth so approve him that even his stubbornness ,  his checks ,  his frowns— prithee ,  unpin me—have grace and favor .	1
i would be loath to cast away my speech ,  for besides that it is excellently well penned ,  i have taken great pains to con it .	1
i would my father look'd but with my eyes .	1
a most high miracle !	1
i'ld have thee live, for, in my sense, 'tis happiness to die.	1
what news ,  my love ?	1
your grace ,  please forgive me .	1
the king has broken his heart .	1
they came so close with their lips that their breaths hugged each other .	1
i know not where he lodges ,  and for me to devise a lodging and say he lies here ,  or he lies there ,  were to lie in mine own throat .	1
i won’t say anything negative about what he might be .	1
peter ,  stay at the gate .	1
as ignorant as dirt !	1
what unaccustomed cause procures her hither ?	1
iago is most honest.	1
even he, sir.	1
pindarus ,  ask our commanders to lead their men a little away from this place .	1
i will leave here for verona tonight .	1
most high ,  most mighty ,  and most puissant caesar ,  metellus cimber throws before thy seat an humble heart—     i must prevent thee ,  cimber .	1
an ’t be any way ,  it must be with valor ,  for policy i hate .	1
abide me, if thou darest; for well i wot thou runnest before me, shifting every place, and darest not stand, nor look me in the face.	1
i am very ill at ease, unfit for mine own purposes.	1
nay ,  but this dotage of our general’s o’erflows the measure .	1
doesn’t she think i’m an old murderer ,  now i have stained the beginning of our joy with blood from a close relative ?	1
do you bring me a letter from the friar ?	1
god made him, and so let him pass for a man.	1
caesar sends greeting to the queen of egypt ,  and bids thee study on what fair demands thou mean’st to have him grant thee .	1
let me love him for that ,  and do you love him because i do .	1
it might as well be the same with caesar .	1
adieu.	1
but you’ve raised me as a peasant ,  hiding from me what i needed to become a gentleman .	1
men should be what they seem; or those that be not ,  would they might seem none !	1
you don’t want to eat ,  sir ?	1
ay, that's a colt, indeed, for he doth nothing but talk of his horse; and he makes it a great appropriation to his own good parts that he can shoe him himself: i am much afraid my lady his mother played false with a smith.	1
evermore weeping for your cousin’s death ?	1
i will see them .	1
committed !	1
that’s a good point .	1
my decayèd fair a sunny look of his would soon repair .	1
i thank you for your pains .	1
go get aliena ready—because ,  look ,  here comes my rosalind .	1
tyrrel ,  i mean those bastards in the tower .	1
for lead ?	1
do you think so ,  spirit ?	1
a tomb must cover your sweet eyes.	1
faith ,  once or twice she heaved the name of  “ father ”  pantingly forth as if it pressed her heart ,  cried ,   “ sisters ,  sisters !	1
go before, nurse.	1
i must needs tell thee all.	1
mr. bassanio!— gratiano!	1
horrible sight !	1
what should such fellows as i do, crawling between earth and heaven?	1
ay ,  by heaven ,  my lord .	1
what say'st thou, noble heart?	1
we have used to conquer standing on the earth and fighting foot to foot .	1
this is the truth ,  or let benvolio die .	1
father ,  i am glad you are come .	1
what do you believe ?	1
bestow this place on us a little while .	1
i am peppered ,  i warrant ,  for this world .	1
we’re here to say  “ amen ”  to that .	1
this guy is exactly the kind of person your sister warned us about . —come on ,  bring in the stocks ,  now !	1
for my own part ,  no offense to the general ,  nor any man of quality ,  i hope to be saved .	1
me thought i heard a voice cry  “ sleep no more !	1
how it did grieve macbeth !	1
there is one within, besides the things that we have heard and seen, recounts most horrid sights seen by the watch.	1
adieu !	1
why ask you this ?	1
i think his soul is in hell ,  madonna .	1
go, presently inquire, and so will i, where money is; and i no question make, to have it of my trust, or for my sake.	1
she took the ring of me .	1
tis called the evil .	1
are you a man ?	1
double ,  double ,  toil and trouble; fire burn and cauldron bubble .	1
my heart is thirsty for that noble pledge .	1
i prithee, let me bring thee where crabs grow; and i with my long nails will dig thee pignuts, show thee a jay's nest, and instruct thee how to snare the nimble marmoset, i'll bring thee to clustering filberts, and sometimes i'll get thee young sea-mews from the rock.	1
give me your hand ,  roderigo .	1
it’s better here than outside .	1
we shall know by this fellow.	1
how can it be ?	1
my eyes are made the fools of by the other senses, or else my eyes are worth all the rest.	1
o, the heavens!	1
if she wants to be proud ,  or  “ honest ,  ”  as she calls it ,  she can just marry her own pride .	1
but that i do not.	1
a hall, a hall!	1
how is hamlet ?	1
it makes me mad.	1
prepare you ,  generals .	1
we'll leave you ,  brutus;— and ,  friends ,  scatter yourselves ,  but all remember what you’ve said ,  and show yourselves to be true romans .	1
but gentle heavens ,  don’t keep me waiting .	1
you’re in a hurry ,  are you ?	1
thieves !	1
your misery will make them sharp and piercing like mine .	1
you fell from the terrifying top of this chalk cliff .	1
no.	1
the readiness is all .	1
no, as i am a christian.	1
you are to blame ,  my lord ,  to berate her like this .	1
take thee that too .	1
dispute it like a man.	1
o, what more favour can i do to thee than with that hand that cut thy youth in twain to sunder his that was thine enemy?	1
i assure you he can .	1
what should he be?	1
for three months , —well .	1
everything’s fine now .	1
we told him we wouldn’t even let him bury his men until he retreated to saint colme’s inch and paid us ten thousand dollars .	1
why is time so cheap about giving out hair ?	1
what are these so wither'd, and so wild in their attire, that look not like the inhabitants o’ the earth, and yet are on't?	1
yes ,  they have .	1
come, stir, stir, stir!	1
give me .	1
because i am all of the subjects that you have, who was first my own king; and here you chain me to this hard rock, while you keep from me the rest of the island.	1
goes it against the main of poland, sir, or for some frontier?	1
honestly ,  it’s not as good as the other one ,  and i’m sure your cousin will agree with me .	1
that’s like building a bridge wider than the river it crosses .	1
but if you return, jealous, and try to find out what i intend to do, by heaven, i will tear you limb from limb, and scatter your limbs all over this hungry churchyard!	1
why ,  the hot - blooded france that dowerless took our youngest born—i could as well be brought to knee his throne ,  and ,  squirelike ,  pension beg to keep base life afoot .	1
you’re right—i’ll go quietly .	1
welcome ,  wanderer .	1
and ,  if that’s not true ,  how should i wrong a brother ?	1
soon may i hear and see him .	1
who gets up from a meal with the same appetite he had when he sat down ?	1
that cuckold lives in bliss who ,  certain of his fate ,  loves not his wronger; but o ,  what damned minutes tells he o'er who dotes ,  yet doubts ,  suspects ,  yet strongly loves !	1
fear comes over me.	1
thou shalt be lord of it ,  and i'll server thee .	1
not since widow dido's time.	1
find him, titinius, while i go ahead to meet the noble brutus, thrusting this report into his ears.	1
why, romeo, are you crazy?	1
we think not so ,  my lord .	1
i'll show you every fertile inch of the island; and i will kiss your foot.	1
curse me ,  if i would do such a wrong thing for the whole world .	1
hang out ?  ”  who do you think we are ,  musicians in a band ?	1
no more of that .	1
tell him we could have driven him back at harfleur but thought it unwise to burst a pustule before it had fully ripened .	1
mine eyes do itch; doth that bode weeping ?	1
my lord ?	1
excellent well .	1
go back and tell your king i do not seek an encounter with him now but would be willing to march on to calais without interference ,  for—to be honest ,  though it’s probably unwise to confess this to a powerful enemy who has the advantage—my men are considerably weakened by illness ,  my numbers reduced ,  and those few men i have almost no better than so many frenchmen ,  though when they were in good form ,  i tell you ,  herald ,  i thought three frenchmen walked on every pair of english legs .	1
besides ,  she uses me with a more exalted respect than anyone else that follows her .	1
what storm is this that blows so contrary ?	1
they will scarcely believe this without trial .	1
hem them away .	1
caesar ,  all hail !	1
did he treat you well when you saw him ?	1
i have heard your grace has taken great pains to modify his stubborn course; but since he stands solid ,  and that no lawful means can carry me out of his envy's reach ,  i confront his fury with my patience ,  and i am ready to suffer the very tyranny and rage of his with a quiet spirit .	1
what man is that with blood all over him?	1
a peevish school boy ,  worthless of such honor ,  join'd with a masker and a reveller !	1
his imagination is making him crazy .	1
neither .	1
what, not a whore?	1
take this from this ,  if this be otherwise .	1
have you heard the story ?	1
when they see the face of caesar ,  they will vanish .	1
he threw his eye aside— and mark what object did present itself: under an old oak ,  whose boughs were mossed with age and high top bald with dry antiquity ,  a wretched ,  ragged man ,  o'ergrown with hair ,  lay sleeping on his back .	1
then make a ring about the corse of caesar, and let me show you him that made the will.	1
an evil soul producing holy witness is like a villain with a smiling cheek, a good apple rotten at the heart.	1
so give me my nightgown ,  emilia ,  and i’ll say goodnight .	1
what have you two sisters done ?	1
welcome .	1
it is time i should tell you more .	1
and i had to be away from home!	1
but i’ve often heard him argue that when sons are at their prime and their fathers are declining ,  the sons should be their fathers' guardians and manage their fathers' money .	1
the wind sits in the shoulder of your sail ,  and you are stay'd for .	1
freely tell her the truth; beg her help to put you in your place again.	1
well, i'll set you forth.	1
she’s a lot like you .	1
no .	1
he’s asking him to tell the story again .	1
save you, friend cassio!	1
a dog from that house will make me angry enough to take a stand .	1
what’s more ,  people at the	1
then there would be two cousins lying sick in bed: one hurt by reasons and the other gone crazy without any .	1
my lord ,  for aught i know .	1
have they returned ?	1
do you quarrel ,  sir ?	1
what do you say ,  noble heart ?	1
now set the teeth and stretch the nostril wide ,  hold hard the breath and bend up every spirit to his full height .	1
you may do it extempore ,  for it is nothing but roaring .	1
clubs ,  bills ,  and partisans !	1
look, and thou shalt see.	1
you say well.	1
o, teach me how i should forget to think!	1
his excellence did earn it ,  ere he had it .	1
the labor we delight in physics pain .	1
that will i do.	1
the duke himself ,  or any of my brothers of the state ,  can only feel this wrong as if it were their own; because if such actions may have passage free ,  bond slaves and pagans shall be our statesmen .	1
where’s that snake ?	1
i take it much unkindly that thou ,  iago ,  who hast had my purse as if the strings were thine ,  shouldst know of this .	1
tis pitiful ,  but yet iago knows that she with cassio hath the act of shame a thousand times committed .	1
o ,  give me permission .	1
aside .	1
i have a torchbearer.	1
do i only live outside of your good pleasure?	1
well ,  my friends ,  you’ve got to admit that if you scare the living daylights out of the ladies ,  they’d have no choice but to execute us .	1
evermore weeping for your cousin's death?	1
honey ,  you shall be well desired in cyprus; i have found great love amongst them .	1
what a strange sight—a man who has put on all his fancy clothes but forgotten his brain at home !	1
what an idiotic place this world is .	1
and liegemen to the dane .	1
what do you want to tell me ?	1
by divine providence.	1
do you go back dismayed?	1
is it not enough ,  is it not enough ,  young man ,  that i’ll never be pretty enough to get a kind look from demetrius ?	1
oh god ,  what a heinous sinner i am ,  being ashamed to be my father’s child !	1
such men as he is are never at ease in their hearts when they see a man greater than themselves; and for that reason they are very dangerous.	1
well, sir, my mistress is the sweetest lady.	1
if i should say, i saw similar islanders,— because, truly, these are people of the island,— who, though, they are of monstrous shape, yet, notice that their manners are more gentle than those of our human generation that you shall find many, no, almost any.	1
no master ,  sir ,  only a poor man's son; his father ,  although i say it ,  is an honest ,  exceedingly poor man ,  and ,  thank god ,  well enough to live .	1
this note doth tell me of ten thousand french that in the field lie slain .	1
welcome ,  signior .	1
i am no traitor .	1
i will give you the most expensive in venice ,  and find out where it is by proclamation: only for this ring ,  please ,  excuse me .	1
brother ,  good night .	1
give me the ocular proof; or ,  by the worth of man's eternal soul ,  thou hadst been better have been born a dog than answer my waked wrath !	1
this sight of death is like a bell that warns me i’m old and i’ll die soon .	1
is the single man lucky ,  then ?	1
with lysander ?	1
a crow without feathers ?	1
farewell ,  kind lord .	1
the horsemen stand frozen like candlesticks ,  torches in their hands .	1
alas, my friend and my dear countryman roderigo?	1
he that commends me to mine own content commends me to the thing i cannot get .	1
when caesar lived ,  he wouldn’t dare insult me like this .	1
a most high miracle !	1
and so am i ,  being else by faith enforced to call young claudio to a reckoning for it .	1
forth at your eyes your spirits wildly peep; and ,  as the sleeping soldiers in the alarm ,  your bedded hairs ,  like life in excrements ,  start up and stand on end .	1
good lord !	1
i will tell you everything ,  right as it fell out .	1
now he’s a little crooked .	1
do so ,  good messala .	1
though others have the arm ,  show us the sleeve; we in your motion turn ,  and you may move us .	1
or i’m crazy to think it was so, hearing him talk of juliet ?	1
it is a hint that wrings mine eyes to ’t .	1
i hope your majesty will ,  in all good conscience ,  bear me out and vouch for the fact that this is the glove of alençon and that your majesty gave it to me .	1
no ,  i’ll prove it with airtight evidence and logical argument .	1
and ,  as you said (and wisely was it said) 'tis meet that some more audience than a mother— since nature makes them partial—should o'erhear the speech ,  of vantage .	1
didn’t you say he lied ?	1
you have not been abed, then?	1
o, what a noble mind is here o'erthrown!	1
if we do lose this battle ,  then is this the very last time we shall speak together .	1
sir ,  you shall understand what has happened ,  which ,  as i think ,  you don’t know .	1
what ,  art a heathen ?	1
it’ll be ok.	1
don’t worry ,  baptista ,  you’ll be perfectly satisfied .	1
friends ,  go your separate ways .	1
titinius' face is upward .	1
the pox of such antic ,  lisping ,  affecting absurd and irrational people; these new tuners of accents !	1
our royal master's murdered!	1
not offensive at all .	1
i say you are not .	1
good heavens ,  those are difficult directions .	1
his neigh is like a monarch’s command .	1
how did he try to persuade you to love him ?	1
live ,  live !	1
look how it steals away !	1
thou hast amaz'd me .	1
i eat the air ,  promise - crammed .	1
who builds stronger than a mason ,  a shipbuilder ,  or a carpenter ?	1
get off the field ,  my lord .	1
let her have your voices.	1
perchance ,  iago ,  i will ne'er go home .	1
am i come near ye now?	1
macbeth !	1
fare you well ,  my liege .	1
hear a little further and then i’ll bring thee to the present business which now ’s upon ’s ,  without the which this story were most impertinent .	1
what shall become of this ?	1
i’ll finish my lecture after dinner .	1
will you grant with me that ferdinand is drowned ?	1
when comes such another ?	1
i gave thee mine before thou didst request it; and yet i would it were to give again.	1
he has a person, and a smooth disposition, to be suspected, framed to make women lie.	1
who now owes the price of his dear blood?	1
madam ,  i’d rather sew my lips shut than tell a lie when my life depends upon it .	1
come ,  stand not amazed at it ,  but go along with me; i will show you such a necessity in his death that you shall think yourself bound to put it on him .	1
why don’t you go off to church dancing one way ,  and come home dancing another way ?	1
quick ,  quick; fear nothing; i'll be at thy elbow .	1
claudio !	1
we’re friends !	1
he must be possessed by the devil .	1
touch me not so near .	1
in apprehension how like a god!	1
damn it ,  you may partly hope that your father had not fathered you ,  that you are not the jew's daughter .	1
here were the servants of your adversary and yours, close fighting ere i did approach.	1
first kiss me ,  kate ,  and we will .	1
good idea .	1
let me play the lion too .	1
by mary ,  i will .	1
some light - foot friend post to the duke of norfolk— ratcliffe ,  thyself ,  or catesby .	1
i hope god makes you happy again ,  like you once were .	1
caesar ,  beware of brutus; be careful of cassius; don’t come near casca; watch cinna; don’t trust trebonius; pay attention to metellus cimber; decius brutus doesn’t love you; you’ve sinned against caius ligarius .	1
good morrow to you.	1
how often tonight have my old feet stumbled on gravestones !	1
who will go with me?	1
i'll be with thee straight.	1
mercutio's kinsman ,  noble county paris !	1
you take your beauty sleep now .	1
you might as well try to stab the air with your sword .	1
for if such actions may have passage free ,  bond - slaves and pagans shall our statesmen be .	1
give me those flowers .	1
look to the queen there ,  ho !	1
no, in spite of sense and secrecy, don’t open the basket on the roof, let the birds fly, and, like the famous ape to test conclusions, don’t creep into the basket and break your own neck.	1
what other news?	1
do you say this from heart?	1
but o, how oddly will it sound that i must ask my child forgiveness!	1
forgive me this my virtue; for in the fatness of these pursy times virtue itself of vice must pardon beg yea ,  curb and woo for leave to do him good .	1
i’ll go call the guards .	1
then, if we lose this battle, you are contented to be led in triumph thorough the streets of rome?	1
of them i have much to tell thee .	1
all torment, trouble, wonder, and amazement inhabits here.	1
wicked deeds will rise to be seen even if they are buried very deep in the earth .	1
you weep for him to my face?	1
what ,  has this thing appear'd again to - night ?	1
i did ,  my lord ,  and i have reason for it .	1
behold ,  there stand the caskets ,  noble prince .	1
his sword ,  which was declining on the milky head of reverend priam ,  seemed in the air to stick .	1
wherefore did they not that hour destroy us ?	1
no ,  my good knight .	1
but it is doubtful yet whether caesar will come forth today or no ,  for he is superstitious grown of late ,  quite from the main opinion he held once of fantasy ,  of dreams and ceremonies .	1
i hope she doesn’t have a crush on me !	1
any strange beast there makes a man .	1
love goes toward love as schoolboy away from their books; but love goes from love, like boys towards school with heavy looks.	1
and you still say that exile is not death!	1
well run, thisbe.	1
indeed ,  they say the senators tomorrow mean to establish caesar as a king ,  and he shall wear his crown by sea and land in every place save here in italy .	1
uncharitably with me have you dealt ,  and shamefully my hopes by you are butchered .	1
the door’s right here .	1
how are they escoted?	1
enter ,  sir ,  the castle .	1
not one now to mock your own grinning ?	1
i don’t know .	1
but i have the meantime .	1
then open not thy lips .	1
let’s embrace	1
tut!	1
you call this sneering ?	1
why ,  you speak like an ancient and most quiet watchman ,  for i cannot see how sleeping should offend .	1
with all my heart my staff already know my mind, and will report to you and jessica in place of lord bassanio and myself.	1
how is't with me, when every noise appals me?	1
well ,  keep me company but two years more ,  thou shalt not know the sound of thine own tongue .	1
i know our country’s disposition well; in venice they let heaven see the pranks they wouldn’t dare show their husbands; their best conscience isn’t to leave it unfinished, but to keep it unknown.	1
good friend, go to him; because, by this light of heaven, i don’t know how i lost him.	1
romeo ,  doff thy name; and for that name ,  which is no part of thee ,  take all myself .	1
the gods do this in shame of cowardice .	1
thou hast railed on thyself .	1
it shall be call'd ‘bottom's dream , ’ because it hath no bottom; and i will sing it in the latter end of a play ,  before the duke .	1
so here’s the plan .	1
you have too courtly a wit for me .	1
master fer !	1
i do beseech ye ,  if you bear me hard ,  now ,  whilst your purpled hands do reek and smoke ,  fulfill your pleasure .	1
to the field !	1
why should i now have to make do with only twenty - five ?	1
alas ,  poor country ,  almost afraid to know itself !	1
my lord ,  i take my leave .	1
very well!	1
heaven me send such usage, not to pick bad from bad, but to change my ways by bad!	1
maybe it’s a parade to welcome us to town ,  master .	1
tis strange ,  strange .	1
your case is better .	1
you have not been to bed then ?	1
be god's sonties ,  it will be a hard way to go .	1
i’m in a mood to beat you up pretty good .	1
no ,  good sir toby .	1
give it to me!	1
why ?	1
and this ,  metellus cimber .	1
where be these enemies ?	1
the point envenom'd too !	1
you have too much respect upon the world .	1
but ,  o grief ,  where have you taken me ?	1
madam ,  good night .	1
he has broke my head across and has given sir toby a bloody coxcomb too .	1
so he is now in getting any bold or noble job done; however, he pretends to be slow in nature.	1
here is my son ,  sir ,  a poor boy— not a poor boy ,  sir ,  but the rich jew's man ,  that would ,  sir , —as my father shall specify— he has a great infection ,  sir ,  as one would say ,  to serve— indeed the short and the long is ,  i serve the jew ,  and have a desire ,  as my father shall specify— his master and he ,  god save you ,  sir ,  are almost like cousins— to be brief ,  the very truth is that the jew ,  having done me wrong ,  causes me , —as my father ,  being i hope an old man ,  shall frutify to you— i have here a dish of doves that i wish to give you ,  sir; and what i want is— in very brief ,  what he asks is impertinent to myself ,  as you ,  sir ,  shall know from this honest old man; and ,  though i say it ,  though old man ,  yet poor man ,  my father .	1
go, go, good countrymen, and, for this mistake, get all the poor men like you together, bring them to the tiber river’s banks and weep your tears into the water, until the lowest stream floods the highest shores of heaven.	1
stay illusion !	1
ay me ,  what act ,  that roars so loud and thunders in the index ?	1
are you drawn forth among a world of men to slay the innocent ?	1
sirrah young gamester ,  your father were a fool to give thee all and in his waning age set foot under thy table .	1
farewell ,  good strato .	1
i know it’s the moon .	1
either thou or i ,  or both ,  must go with him .	1
so fare you well ,  till we shall meet again .	1
our feast shall be much honour'd in your marriage .	1
signor ,  you are very near my brother in his love .	1
poison never landed on such an ugly toad .	1
hence ,  avaunt !	1
robin starveling ,  you’re going to play thisbe’s mother . —tom snout ,  the handyman .	1
he has the courage to do a lot ,  and ,  in that unconquerable temper of his mind ,  he has a wisdom that guides his courage to act in safety .	1
signor bassanio !	1
neither ?	1
she will sit you—you heard my daughter tell you how .	1
i could translate between you and your love, if i could see the toys flirting.	1
but where the greater malady is fixed the lesser is scarce felt .	1
tweaks me by the nose ?	1
this skull has been buried three - and - twenty years .	1
you’re not supposed to get old until you’re wise .	1
peace, you were best.	1
when the moon shone ,  we did not see the candle .	1
my uncle !	1
with her ,  on her ,  what you will .	1
thy evil spirit ,  brutus .	1
aboard, aboard, for shame!	1
i am for thee straight .	1
th' exchange of thy love’s faithful vow for mine .	1
it’s hard to see clearly in the dark of night ,  but it’s easier to hear well .	1
you’re not going to take him .	1
you’re a spirit ,  i know .	1
i must and will have katherine for my wife .	1
for the which, as i told you, antonio shall be bound.	1
before i would say i would drown myself for the love of a chicken ,  i would exchange my humanity with a baboon .	1
i will fetch off my bottle, though i be o'er ears for my labour.	1
look .	1
why ,  this is evident to any formal capacity .	1
it’s half of all my money .	1
can i know your answer?	1
come, what says romeo?	1
launcelot and i can’t agree on anything .	1
and return to us immediately ,  bringing messala with you .	1
merciful powers ,  restrain in me the cursèd thoughts that nature gives way to in repose .	1
favorably ,  except that there wasn’t enough time for his grace to hear ,  as i sensed he would have liked to ,  the details about how he is rightfully entitled to certain dukedoms in france ,  and to the throne of france in general ,  through clear lines of descent originating with his great - grandfather ,  edward iii .	1
would you would bear your fortune like a man !	1
it shall be so.	1
his folly, helena, is no fault of mine.	1
is this the finest of his fine art, and the seizure of his house seizures, to have his fine pate full of fine dirt?	1
we shall chide downright if i longer stay.	1
if we meet again ,  then we’ll smile indeed .	1
he knows not what he says ,  and vain it is that we present us to him .	1
hello to you too ,  sir .	1
in the meantime, do nothing, and let the investigation be do patiently.	1
now in the factory of thought ,  create the image of all london pouring forth into the streets .	1
i prithee, remember i have done thee worthy service, told thee no lies, made thee no mistakings, served without or grudge or grumblings.	1
i will go call the watch .	1
and when that time comes ,  then you can mock me ,  but please don’t pity me ,  because i won’t pity you .	1
the worst welcome .	1
o god, she comes!	1
i am as i have spoken .	1
signior baptista ,  i’m glad to see you . —sir ,  this is the gentleman i told you of .	1
oh ,  here she comes .	1
twas of some estate.	1
it seems that the guards who were supposed to be protecting his chamber did it .	1
aside.	1
yea ,  from the table of my memory i'll wipe away all trivial fond records ,  all saws of books ,  all forms ,  all pressures past ,  that youth and observation copied there; and thy commandment all alone shall live within the book and volume of my brain ,  unmix'd with baser matter .	1
is it so, indeed?	1
i shall laugh myself to death at this puppy-headed monster.	1
her father is baptista minola ,  an affable and courteous gentleman .	1
everything will be all right .	1
yea , ’ quoth my husband ,  ‘fall'st upon thy face ?	1
so ,  using my lecture and advice from before ,  you shall check on my son .	1
was he wounded on the front of his body?	1
you say he’s friendly with caesar ,  healthy ,  and free .	1
with no less religion than if thou wert indeed my rosalind .	1
if thou keep promise, i shall end this strife; become a christian, and thy loving wife.	1
but, pity the time!	1
i’ll no more of you .	1
let me be resolved .	1
oh ,  me ,  lieutenant !	1
art thou afeared?	1
don’t take too long ,  unless you want our king to come after me to ask what’s holding things up ,  because he’s already landed here .	1
then if he lose he makes a swanlike end ,  fading in music .	1
give me that man that is not passion's slave ,  and i will wear him in my heart's core ,  yes ,  in my heart of heart ,  as i do you .	1
wait good nurse .	1
coming from sardis ,  two mighty eagles fell on our former ensign ,  and they perched there ,  gorging and feeding from our soldiers' hands; who were associated with us here in philippi .	1
shall i accompany your grace ?	1
will it please you to see the epilogue, or to hear a bergomask dance between two of our company?	1
where is the master, boatswain?	1
signior brabantio, ho!	1
welcome ,  gentlemen !	1
your grace is too costly to wear every day .	1
that petruchio came ?	1
but what about your guilty conscience ?	1
he does well to commend it himself; there are no tongues else for's turn .	1
the enemies of caesar shall say this: then, in a friend, it is cold modesty.	1
the king and queen are coming down with everyone else .	1
it was the very day that young hamlet was born ,  he that is crazy and sent into england .	1
tybalt is gone ,  and romeo banished; romeo that kill'd him ,  he is banished .	1
it is called  “ the evil ,  ”  a most miraculous work in this good king ,  which often ,  since my stay in england ,  i have seen him do .	1
greetings ,  good general !	1
i’d like to think all men have some hope .	1
no, it is struck.	1
half - blooded fellow ,  yes .	1
hast thou forgot the foul witch sycorax, who with age and envy was grown into a hoop?	1
i’ve almost forgotten what fear feels like .	1
it is a common thing— ha!	1
will it please you to see the epilogue ,  or to hear a bergomask dance between two of our company ?	1
your shawl good, what!	1
people who are either too serious or too silly are awful .	1
say that she frown; i’ll say she looks as clear as morning roses newly washed with dew .	1
therefore he that cannot lick his fingers goes not with me .	1
it isn’t good for your health to expose your weak body to the raw ,  cold morning .	1
the noble brutus hath told you caesar was ambitious .	1
i’ll pay you for your trouble .	1
o sun ,  thy uprise shall i see no more .	1
this is the jester i have met so many times in the forest .	1
confined together in the same fashion as you gave in charge ,  just as you left them ,  all prisoners ,  sir ,  in the line grove which weather - fends your cell .	1
and art thou changed ?	1
between who?	1
he is indeed a horse ,  and all other jades you may call beasts .	1
how long has she been like this?	1
yes ,  or hide the report in the pocket .	1
banquo !	1
yes ,  for the state; not for antonio .	1
this lapwing runs away with the shell on his head .	1
at first and last ,  the hearty welcome .	1
our royal master's murdered.	1
what is the time o'th’ day?	1
what’s happening to me ,  that i’m frightened of every noise ?	1
fetch desdemona hither .	1
my lord ?	1
how like a younger, or a prodigal, the scarfed bark puts from her native bay, hugg'd and embraced by the strumpet wind!	1
no, iago, i'll see before i doubt; when i doubt, i’ll need proof; and on the proof, there is no more but this, to hell with love or jealousy at once!	1
you’ve done what you should be sorry for .	1
yes ,  if i know the language and the letters .	1
oh ,  i wish i could sleep again ,  so i could have another dream like that !	1
but ,  i beg you ,  sir ,  are you really married ?	1
in action how like an angel!	1
think so, iago?	1
i’ll send my eyes to prison ,  and they’ll never be free to look at anything again .	1
i humbly beg you ,  proceed to the affairs of state .	1
good countrymen ,  let me depart alone .	1
sweet portia, if you knew to whom i gave the ring, if you knew for whom i gave the ring, and would think about for what i gave the ring, and how unwillingly i let the ring go, when nothing would be accepted but the ring, you would decrease the strength of your anger.	1
i don’t like sports .	1
to be honest ,  as this world goes ,  is to be one man picked out of ten thousand .	1
speak to me what thou art .	1
and what poor duty can’t do ,  noble respect takes it in force ,  not merit .	1
how may the duke be therewith satisfied ,  whose messengers are here about my side ,  upon some present business of the state to bring me to him ?	1
i choose her for myself .	1
are you sure of that ?	1
the prostitute's cheek ,  covered with makeup ,  isn’t more ugly to the thing that helps it than is my deed to my very artificial words .	1
where are you going ?	1
and you say he’s not jealous ?	1
is't possible?	1
let not the royal bed of denmark be a couch for luxury and damnèd incest .	1
nothing at all .	1
i would rather be married to a skull with a bone in his mouth than to either of these princes .	1
oh ,  who did this thing ?	1
why ,  madam ,  have i offered love for this ,  to be so flouted in this royal presence ?	1
this harms my reputation .	1
no ,  indeed are they not .	1
i wish you were what i wanted you to be !	1
but if you see a wheel going uphill ,  latch on for the ride .	1
i am the son of marcus cato ,  ho !	1
the king ,  sir— ay ,  sir ,  what of him ?	1
tomorrow or next day they will be here .	1
and get out of my sight !	1
beg her to fix this broken joint between you and her husband ,  and ,  i’ll bet against any thing worth naming ,  this crack in your love shall grow stronger than it was before .	1
life ,  wealth ,  everything belongs to death .	1
you scolded him in private ?	1
do you see this ,  o god ?	1
i sent the king’s son off by himself to a faraway nook on the island ,  where he’s sitting now sighing ,  with his arms crossed like this .	1
a mote will turn the balance ,  which pyramus ,  which thisbe ,  is the better , —he for a man ,  god warrant us: she for a woman ,  god bless us !	1
hurry up, for fear my sword will be about your ears before you get yours out.	1
did you say all ?	1
but little .	1
hail !	1
at least two glasses .	1
but let me place this wreath on your head .	1
will it please you to listen once again to the favor i asked you ?	1
of mantua .	1
we’ll start a fire .	1
my dear portia ,  if you knew who i gave the ring to ,  for whose sake i gave the ring to him ,  why i gave it to him ,  and how unwilling i was to leave it when he wouldn’t accept anything but the ring ,  you wouldn’t be so angry .	1
and now forward with thy tale .	1
sweet remembrancer !	1
will his billing bill him no more for his purchases, and double ones too, than the length and breadth of a pair of property liens?	1
none of noble sort would so offend a virgin, and extort a poor soul's patience, all to make you sport.	1
try again .	1
let’s go.	1
you’ll cry for this ,  minion ,  if i beat the door down .	1
do you think 'tis this ?	1
wake duncan with your knocking .	1
it was yesterday ,  your highness .	1
are you going to let them break me out of jail ?	1
but as we often see, against some storm, a silence in the heavens, the rack stand still, the bold winds speechless, and the orb below as hush as death—anon the dreadful thunder doth rend the region; so, after pyrrhus' pause, aroused vengeance sets him new a-work; and never did the cyclops' hammers fall on mars's armour, forged for proof eterne, with less remorse than pyrrhus' bleeding sword now falls on priam.	1
and i .	1
please allow her to do this .	1
happily ,  in faith; i'll put my seal to such a promise to pay ,  and say there is much kindness in the jew .	1
by the door .	1
whence come you?	1
i perhaps speak this before a willing bondman; then i know my answer must be made.	1
no ,  let me say some good things about you while i’m in the mood .	1
now he goes, with no less presence, but with much more love, than young alcides, when he did redeem the virgin tribute paid by howling troy to the sea-monster: i stand for sacrifice, the rest aloof are the dardanian wives, with bleared visages, come forth to view the issue of the exploit.	1
though this island seems to be deserted,— ha, ha, ha!	1
not when i saw it.	1
o, you are well tuned now!	1
that’s my brave lord !	1
i have heard it over, and it is nothing, nothing in the world; unless you can find sport in their intents, extremely stretch'd and conn'd with cruel pain, to do you service.	1
she’s gone forever .	1
bring it after me .	1
o nature, what did you have to do in hell when you sheltered the spirit of a fiend in a deadly paradise of such sweet flesh?	1
let them come in .	1
therefore is it most expedient for the wise ,  if don worm ,  his conscience ,  find no impediment to the contrary ,  to be the trumpet of his own virtues ,  as i am to myself .	1
well ,  god - a - mercy .	1
my good friends ,  i’ll leave you till night .	1
if i were so easy to quarrel as you are, any man should buy the inherited estate of my life for an hour and a quarter.	1
and what other oath than honesty to honesty engaged that this shall be or we will fall for it?	1
am i a coward ?	1
indeed ,  my lord ,  it followed hard upon .	1
by foul play, as you say, we were lifted from there, but blessedly helped here.	1
give her this key ,  and tell her that there’s money in the desk that’s covered with a turkish tapestry .	1
one word more .	1
i say ,  but mark his gesture .	1
which one of them should i pick ?	1
he is called aunchient pistol .	1
what have i done ,  that you dare scream at me so loudly and rudely ?	1
is that the latest?	1
here’s the money you wanted ,  master .	1
i can as well be hang'd as tell the manner of it.	1
prithee, keep up thy quillets.	1
sir, she is mortal; but, by immortal providence, she's mine.	1
when things are at their worst they have to stop ,  or else improve to the way things were before .	1
and if you wrong us ,  shall we not revenge ?	1
such exercise !	1
now could i ,  casca ,  name to thee a man most like this dreadful night ,  that thunders ,  lightens ,  opens graves ,  and roars as doth the lion in the capitol ,  a man no mightier than thyself or me in personal action ,  yet prodigious grown and fearful ,  as these strange eruptions are .	1
mistress !	1
lack of trust in my success has done this deed.	1
i’ll stay a month longer .	1
why ,  the honest men .	1
and how cam’st thou hither ?	1
o lying woman!	1
bring them before us.	1
this must be known; which, being kept close, might move more grief to hide than hate to utter love.	1
he is wise ,  and ,  on my life ,  hath stol'n him home to bed .	1
why call you for a sword?	1
then saw you not his face ?	1
there i shall test ,  in my speech ,  how the people takethe cruel actions of these bloody men; once i know that ,  you shall tell young octavius the state of things .	1
that’s very good; i must be patient.	1
watch her well; i beg you ,  look after her .	1
some aqua-vitae, ho!	1
you must contrary me .	1
my pretty children ,  both of you misunderstand me .	1
the same ,  my lord ,  and your poor servant ever .	1
you take your pennyworths now!	1
i will withdraw; but this intrusion shall ,  now seeming sweet ,  convert to bitt'rest gall .	1
i thank thee .	1
that matter is answered directly .	1
but why should honor outlive honesty ?	1
ouch ,  what a comeback !	1
therefore be patient, take no note of him, it is my will.	1
he’s pale and hyperventilating ,  as if a bear were chasing him .	1
no ,  sir .	1
sir ,  you shall understand what hath befall'n ,  which ,  as i think ,  you know not .	1
good cinna ,  take this paper and be sure to lay it in the judge’s chair where brutus sits ,  so he’ll find it .	1
it is for the head .	1
i’m coming .	1
a strange fish .	1
what fight was here?	1
they are not near my conscience .	1
don’t you have any respect for anything ?	1
it’s some meteor coming out of the sun to light your way to mantua .	1
very like, very like.	1
come on ,  we have to follow the leaders of the dance .	1
why can’t that be the skull of a lawyer ?	1
as you are to yourself.	1
where should othello go ?	1
do you have enough love for me to be patient when my bad temper ,  which i inherited from my mother ,  makes me forget how i should behave ?	1
she will really curse me that romeo has had no news of these events; but i will write to him again in mantua ,  and keep her at my cell until romeo comes to get her; poor living corpse ,  closed in a dead man's tomb !	1
again ,  good night ,  kind lords and gentlemen .	1
indeed ,  my lord ,  you made me believe so .	1
do we have devils on the island ?	1
did i ?	1
what is the matter ,  my lord ?	1
faster ,  eros ,  faster .	1
may i speak with antonio ?	1
you’re on very good terms with the duke of exeter .	1
fare you well ,  boy .	1
well, my good lord, i'll do it.	1
great happiness !	1
o, did he?	1
if ,  after every storm such calms come ,  may the winds blow until they have awakened death !	1
why ,  go to then .	1
here comes the good macduff.	1
that we would do, we should do when we would; for this 'would' changes, and hath abatements and delays as many as there are tongues, are hands, are accidents; and then this 'should' is like a spendthrift sigh, that hurts by easing.	1
he eats tonight with a harlot, and i will go there to him.	1
but first i will release the fairy queen .	1
tell me .	1
amen !	1
arm'd, my lord.	1
be thou my witness that against my will ,  as pompey was ,  am i compelled to set upon one battle all our liberties .	1
but where will i lie tomorrow ?	1
we are destined to be betrayed when we are born .	1
i dreamt a dream tonight .	1
i have drunk but one cup tonight ,  and that was craftily qualified too ,  and behold what innovation it makes here .	1
what is it that you would impart to me ?	1
come on ,  my lord .	1
let me deal in this .	1
no ,  and swears she never will .	1
so guildenstern and rosencrantz go to ’t .	1
do i so ?	1
i heard a bustling rumor like a fray, and the wind brings it from the capitol.	1
hamlet, this pearl is thine; here's to thy health.	1
affliction is in love of your parts, and you are married to calamity.	1
if hamlet give the first or second hit ,  or quit in answer of the third exchange ,  let all the battlements their ordnance fire; the king shall drink to hamlet's better breath ,  and in the cup an union shall he throw richer than that which four successive kings in denmark's crown have worn .	1
ely joining richmond troubles me more than buckingham and his quickly assembled army .	1
please ,  recognize me when we meet again: i wish you well ,  and so i say goodbye .	1
i swear ,  sir ,  you did not eat at home .	1
aside.	1
that’s right .	1
it’s been eleven years since the earthquake .	1
caesar gets money where he loses hearts .	1
the devil himself could not pronounce a title more hateful to my ear.	1
let me see your eyes .	1
their residence ,  both in reputation and profit ,  was better both ways .	1
farewell .	1
leave me alone .	1
haven’t you totally dismissed my honor and integrity in your anger ?	1
we must not.	1
what do these master - less and gory swords mean by lying here with blood on them in this place of peace ?	1
he's gone.	1
hasn’t he ,  gentlemen ?	1
i’m not well .	1
what man is that ?	1
hood my unmann'd blood, bating in my cheeks, with thy black mantle till strange love, grown bold, think true love acted simple modesty.	1
o ,  pardon me ,  thou bleeding piece of earth ,  that i am meek and gentle with these butchers !	1
o, blood, blood, blood!	1
torments will ope your lips .	1
i'll show thee the best springs; i'll pluck thee berries; i'll fish for thee ,  and get thee wood enough .	1
no ,  he hath simply the best wit of any handicraft man in athens .	1
first ,  pyramus must draw a sword to kill himself ,  which the ladies cannot abide .	1
keep this man safe ,  give him all kindness; i had rather have such men my friends than enemies .	1
god have mercy on his soul !	1
my heart ,  which dried out with grief ,  will surely break apart into a powder ,  and that will be the end of my disgusting mind .	1
what, have you lost your wits?	1
o, three times sorrow fall ten times treble on that cursed head whose wicked deed deprived you of your most wonderful intelligence!	1
if that’s true ,  he won’t get it back by crying .	1
while then, god be with you!	1
there ! … and over there ! … and over there !	1
i'll teach you how to flow.	1
goodbye ,  dear mother .	1
you ,  or any man living ,  may be drunk at a time ,  man .	1
why ,  so did you .	1
i have no power over you .	1
prithee ,  horatio ,  tell me one thing .	1
or are you aught that man may question?	1
well ,  sir .	1
go in, nerissa: give orders to my servants that they take no notice at all of our being absent from here; nor you, lorenzo; jessica, nor you.	1
who were you following with your sword?	1
he’ll run after her .	1
come, now a dance and a fairy song, then, for the third part of a minute, leave here, some to kill bugs in the musk-rose buds, some to kill red-mice for their leather wings, to make my small elves coats; and some to quiet the noisy owl, that nightly hoots and wonders about us.	1
my husband is on earth, my faith in heaven.	1
yours ,  yours .	1
dispatch us with all speed ,  lest that our king come here himself to question our delay ,  for he is footed in this land already .	1
no occupation .	1
o !	1
no?	1
what imports the nomination of this gentleman ?	1
when asked the duke and duchess of cornwall if i could take pity on the king and shelter him from the storm ,  they took my house away from me and ordered me never to talk about him ,  lobby for him ,  or support him in any way .	1
what's the boy malcolm?	1
leave him to my displeasure . —edmund ,  keep you our sister company .	1
i hear you say  “ proud ”  and  “ i thank you ,  ”  and then  “ no thank you ”  and  “ not proud ,  ”  you spoiled little girl .	1
here comes sir oliver .	1
the moor hath kill'd my mistress !	1
in this recent storm .	1
get him to say his prayers ,  sir toby ,  get him to pray .	1
it must be .	1
give o'er the play.	1
good morning ,  friends .	1
what news ?	1
we must not now displease him .	1
he cannot be such a monster— nor is not ,  sure .	1
i don’t feel any urge to see a more handsome man than this one .	1
the most careful maid is wasteful enough if she unmasks her beauty to the moon.	1
or shall we on without apology ?	1
i wish i had!	1
you do mistake me ,  sir .	1
tis sport to maul a runner .	1
that ,  trusted might yet enkindle you unto the crown ,  besides the thane of cawdor .	1
judge me in your wisdom, and wake up your senses, so you can be a better judge.	1
by my troth ,  a pleasant - spirited lady .	1
valentine’s day is over .	1
go walk the path that you will never return from .	1
i say ,  there is no darkness but ignorance ,  in which thou art more puzzled than the egyptians in their fog .	1
your honor wins bad humors .	1
down with the capulets!	1
he shall not go to prison .	1
but love gives them power ,  and time gives them the chance to meet ,  sweetening the extreme danger with intense pleasure .	1
i am to blame.	1
o traitors, villains!	1
that’s me .	1
what else is it ?	1
a wandering knight?	1
she has light by her continually; it is her command.	1
he is my dear friend ,  your majesty .	1
tell me what you did with the king’s ship ,  the sailors ,  and the other ships .	1
let me have a dram of poison ,  such soon - speeding gear as will disperse itself through all the veins that the life - weary taker may fall dead ,  and that the trunk may be discharg'd of breath as violently as hasty powder fir'd doth hurry from the fatal cannon's womb .	1
what, sir, how!	1
count how many times the clock chimes .	1
alas ,  what does this gentleman conceive ?	1
these blazes ,  daughter ,  giving more light than heat ,  extinct in both even in their promise ,  as it is a - making ,  you must not take for fire .	1
call the duke of burgundy .	1
come hither, sirrah.	1
how goes it here ?	1
i pray you, know me, when we meet again; i wish you well, and so i take my leave.	1
macduff, this noble passion, child of integrity, has wiped the black scruples from my soul, and reconciled my thoughts to your good truth and honor.	1
it must be a farmer that hanged himself on the expectation of a large crop .	1
i told him what i thought; and told no more than what he himself discovered was right and true.	1
what ?	1
why didn’t they just kill us that night ?	1
oh ,  caesar ,  this charmian lived until a moment ago .	1
no ,  not an oath .	1
but did you ever tell him she was unfaithful ?	1
there the pairs of faithful lovers shall be married ,  with theseus ,  all in jollity .	1
i wish your horses are swift and sure of foot, and so go on for your ride.	1
poison, i see, hath been his timeless end.	1
and when you do— cassius ,  calm down .	1
but isn’t there a sequel that follows this mother's surprise?	1
care keeps his watch in every old man's eye ,  and where care lodges sleep will never lie; but where unbruised youth with unstuff'd brain doth couch his limbs ,  there golden sleep doth reign .	1
i don’t want you to deny this imposition ,  which my love and some necessity now lays on you .	1
you that choose not by looks ,  gamble as fair and choose as true !	1
oh ,  rare for antony !	1
i have no will to wander forth of doors ,  yet something leads me forth .	1
give me the letter .	1
seneca cannot be too heavy nor plautus too light .	1
hamlet ,  you have offended your father very much .	1
o most wicked, evil woman!	1
my arm is sore .	1
i will ,  and know her mind early tomorrow .	1
i can’t ,  ma'am .	1
you have told me she hath received them and returned me expectations and comforts of sudden respect and acquaintance ,  but i find none .	1
who put out the light ?	1
o ,  you give me ill counsel .	1
what ,  man !	1
the turk with very mighty preparation makes for cyprus .	1
his antique sword, rebellious to his arm, lies where it falls, repugnant to command.	1
welcome, gentlemen!	1
if she’d been faithful to me ,  i never would have given her up ,  not even if god himself offered me a jewel as big as a planet in exchange for her .	1
i hope we have calmly overcome those problems, sir.	1
aside.	1
oh ,  he’s a lovely gentleman .	1
we doubt it nothing .	1
thou rememberest since once i sat upon a promontory ,  and heard a mermaid ,  on a dolphin's back uttering such dulcet and harmonious breath ,  that the rude sea grew civil at her song ,  and certain stars shot madly from their spheres to hear the sea - maid's music .	1
peace ,  you dull fool .	1
tell me ,  heavenly bow ,  if venus or her son ,  as thou dost know ,  do now attend the queen ?	1
i’ll follow .	1
the will!	1
do you love me ,  master ?	1
i have ,  since i was three year old ,  conversed with a magician ,  most profound in his art and yet not damnable .	1
this isn’t the death of one man .	1
oh ,  noble weakness !	1
grief of my son's exile has killed her.	1
are you so patient that you can let this go ?	1
they’re ready ,  my lord .	1
if you think i come here as a lion, shame on me.	1
ask away.	1
if he shows up tomorrow ,  i’ll give him what’s coming to him .	1
drown cats and blind puppies !	1
welcome ,  good robin .	1
my queen and eros have by their brave instruction got upon me a nobleness in record .	1
tis almost fairy time .	1
who’s calling me?	1
is he not a most profane and liberal counselor ?	1
into the air; and what seemed solid melted like breath into the wind .	1
you have done well, that men must lay their murders on your neck.	1
you call that ranting ?	1
servant - monster !	1
don’t worry about me .	1
you don’t understand me .	1
he’s called modo and mahu .	1
then leave him out .	1
where is that viper ?	1
so now sweno ,  the norwegian king ,  wants a treaty .	1
stanley ,  he is your wife’s son .	1
marry ,  ’tis enough .	1
at your good heart's oppression.	1
i’m telling you ,  just watch his face .	1
just tell me what you want me to do ,  and however hard it is ,  you’ll see that i’m eager to do it .	1
that’s the next thing on the agenda .	1
well ,  in and of itself ,  it is a good life ,  but given that it’s a shepherd’s life ,  it’s worthless .	1
why do they run away?	1
oh my god, they have run away and left me asleep!	1
i am afraid ,  methinks ,  to hear you tell it .	1
but wherefore did you so much tempt the heavens ?	1
give him heedful note; for i mine eyes will rivet to his face ,  and after we will both our judgments join in censure of his seeming .	1
i have no will to wander forth of doors, yet something leads me forth.	1
i don’t know what you mean by that ,  but i’m sure caesar fell down .	1
i think i have a great desire to a bottle of hay .	1
i will not leave him now till cassio be call'd to him .	1
very sad .	1
the man is ,  notwithstanding ,  sufficient;—three thousand ducats; —i think i may take his bond .	1
the saddler had it ,  sir; i kept it not .	1
the good manners of the court look as silly in the country as country behavior is laughable at the court .	1
honest ,  ay ,  honest .	1
why, look here, at what an unworthy a thing you make of me!	1
anyone who refuses to drink to my niece until his brain spins around like a merry - go - round is scum .	1
and if she starts to drop off ,  i’ll rant and yell until i wake her up .	1
the gods do this in shame of cowardice .	1
tomorrow ,  sir ,  i wrestle for my credit ,  and he that escapes me without some broken limb shall acquit him well .	1
is this a dagger i see in front of me ,  with its handle pointing toward my hand ?	1
here, here will i remain with worms that are thy chambermaids.	1
i do believe it was he.	1
the candle is burning in your study ,  sir .	1
just read it .	1
he's gone .	1
why, whose is it?	1
there ,  my blessing with thee .	1
you keep by land the legions and the horse whole ,  do you not ?	1
nothing that you want to hear ,  my lord ,  but nothing so bad that i can’t mention it .	1
but in my terms of honor i hold back ,  and will make no reconciliation until ,  by some elder masters of known honor ,  i have a voice and precedent of peace to keep my name unbloody .	1
hey ,  hey !	1
what mercy can you give him, antonio?	1
come on .	1
if all else fail ,  myself have power to die .	1
ay, too gentle.	1
what's he that was not born of woman ?	1
did cicero say anything ?	1
rude am i in my speech ,  and little blest with the soft phrase of peace; for since these arms of mine had seven years' pith ,  till now some nine moons wasted ,  they have used their dearest action in the tented field ,  and little of this great world can i speak ,  more than pertains to feats of broil and battle; and therefore little shall i grace my cause in speaking for myself .	1
how yet resolves the governor of the town ?	1
give me a calendar .	1
ay.	1
but when i came, some minute ere the time of her awaking, here untimely lay the noble paris and true romeo dead.	1
and pick a fight with my own shadow ?	1
it is not honesty in me to speak what i have seen and known .	1
and what should i do in illyria ?	1
more light and light ,  more dark and dark our woes !	1
you shall close prisoner rest, till that the nature of your fault be known to the venetian state.	1
where is thy leather apron and thy rule ?	1
take it and do ’t ,  and leave me for this time .	1
i cry your worships mercy, heartily; i beseech your worship's name.	1
another yet !	1
this way ,  my lord .	1
those friends you have, and their friendship tested, anchor them to your soul with hoops of steel, but don’t spend your money on entertaining each newly acquired, unproven friend.	1
then i must be your lady; but i also know that ,  when you have stolen away from fairy - land ,  and ,  taking the shape of corin ,  the shepherd ,  you have sat all day ,  playing on pipes of corn ,  and speaking love poems to amorous phillida .	1
does your other mouth call me ?	1
thine evermore, most dear lady, whilst this machine is to him, hamlet.	1
i owe you a lot ,  and like a spoiled kid i’ve lost what i owe you .	1
i’ll call on you before you go to bed ,  and tell you what i know .	1
neither can be enjoyed if both remain alive .	1
oh ,  royal caesar !	1
i shall fall .	1
bleed ,  bleed ,  poor country !	1
i shall laugh myself to death at this puppy-headed monster.	1
how are you ,  my friend ?	1
i won’t give up this child for all of fairyland .	1
tell me ,  captain macmorris ,  have you left the tunnels ?	1
come in, tailor; here you may roast your goose.	1
i know what i’m talking about .	1
tis true my brother's daughter's queen of tunis; so is she heir of naples; ’twixt which regions there is some space .	1
only he rides well, and his great love of us, as sharp as his spur, has helped him to get to his home before us.	1
yes, a prophet!	1
he shall see none to fear .	1
therefore great france my mourning and importuned tears hath pitied .	1
god keep your lordship in that gracious mind .	1
o my prophetic soul!	1
perhaps i say this before a willing slave.	1
and even for that ,  i love you all the more .	1
don’t say that .	1
a shall recover his wits there; or ,  if a do not ,  'tis no great matter there .	1
first ,  as you know ,  my house within the city is richly furnishèd with plate and gold ,  basins and ewers to lave her dainty hands; my hangings all of tyrian tapestry ,  in ivory coffers i have stuffed my crowns ,  in cypress chests my arras counterpoints ,  costly apparel ,  tents ,  and canopies ,  fine linen ,  turkey cushions bossed with pearl ,  valance of venice gold in needlework ,  pewter and brass ,  and all things that belong to house or housekeeping .	1
no ,  i know that you’re signior lucentio .	1
use lenity ,  sweet chuck .	1
ah ,  here comes my messenger . —what’s going on ,  you crazy spirit ?	1
hail .	1
where be these enemies?	1
go before ,  nurse .	1
i have a  that’s from lack of sleep .	1
and didn’t i finally arrive to comfort you ?	1
i have night's cloak to hide me from their eyes; and but thou love me, let them find me here.	1
i cry you mercy ,  then ,  i took you for that cunning whore of venice that married with othello . —you ,  mistress ,  that have the office opposite to saint peter and keep the gate of hell !	1
he’s been killed .	1
just say  “ yes ”  and i will turn more poisonous than the snake with the evil eye .	1
if i may trust the flattering truth of sleep ,  my dreams presage some joyful news at hand .	1
i think you’re my mirror ,  not my brother .	1
they killed your wife ,  your children ,  your servants ,  anyone they could find .	1
there's never a villain dwelling in all denmark except that he's an arrant knave .	1
wouldn’t this do it, sir, together with a forest of feathers if the rest of my fortunes turn against with me, with two provincial roses on my shoes i took off, to get me a fellowship for writing with a pack of players, sir?	1
lo !	1
there be some such ,  no question .	1
are they return'd?	1
let’s go .	1
go, change into a spirit, and come here invisibly: go, come here with care!	1
i don’t know that ,  once he knows what i know .	1
we want antony taken alive .	1
things at the worst will cease ,  or else climb upward to what they were before .	1
o ,  i am out of breath in this fond chase !	1
a false conclusion .	1
still better ,  and worse .	1
never did i know a creature that did bear the shape of man so keen and greedy to confound a man .	1
can’t you see that ?	1
ay ,  and wall too .	1
god defend me from these two!	1
my fate cries out, and makes each and every vein in this body as hardy as the nerve of the lion killed by hercules.	1
lysander !	1
am i begged, then,to speak and strike?	1
i'll believe as soon this whole earth may be bored, and that the moon may through the centre creep and so displease her brother's noontide with the antipodes.	1
a calendar, a calendar!	1
now know you ,  casca ,  i have moved already some certain of the noblest - minded romans to undergo with me an enterprise of honorable - dangerous consequence .	1
tush, i will stir about, and all things shall be well, i warrant thee, wife.	1
go and importune her.	1
i still see you ,  and i see great ,  large clots of blood on your blade ,  which were not there before .	1
welcome, gentle day!	1
well ,  that is the dowry of his wife; ’tis none of his own getting .	1
hold my sword, then, and turn away your face, while i run on it.	1
now this overdone ,  or come tardy off ,  though it make the unskilful laugh ,  cannot but make the judicious grieve; the censure of the which one must in your allowance o'erweigh a whole theatre of others .	1
you are my elder .	1
you’re not answering my question .	1
my lord ,  it’s news i wish i didn’t have to report .	1
o ,  i am slain !	1
like one of two contenders for a prize, that thinks he has done well in people's eyes, hearing applause and universal shout, giddy in spirit, still gazing in a doubt whether those peals of praise are his or not; so, three times beautiful lady, i stand i, even like this, as doubtful of whether what i see is true, until it is confirmed, signed, and ratified by you.	1
the poor soul sat sighing by a sycamore tree ,  sing all a green willow; her hand on her breast ,  her head on her knee ,  sing willow ,  willow ,  willow .	1
i’ve promised them i would ,  and they’re expecting it .	1
go back again ,  thou slave ,  and fetch him home .	1
the what ?	1
nay ,  good goose ,  bite not .	1
please ,  if you can do it without taking advantage of the young man ,  buy the cottage ,  pasture ,  and flock for us ,  and we’ll pay you for it .	1
his liberty is full of threats to all ,  to you yourself ,  to us ,  to every one .	1
you’re sad ,  signior balthasar .	1
monday!	1
how?	1
holla !	1
o antony ,  beg not your death of us !	1
he’s here ,  sir ,  but please don’t bother him .	1
by mary ,  to… come ,  captain ,  will you go ?	1
get out of here .	1
what ,  in my presence ?	1
tut ,  tut ,  my lord ,  we will not stand to prate .	1
yes ,  he does .	1
then, is there the county palatine.	1
why then ,  to thee ,  thou silver treasure house .	1
othello ,  leave some officer behind ,  and he shall our commission bring to you; with such things else of quality and respect as doth import you .	1
no.	1
will it please you to listen once again to the favor i asked you?	1
no ,  he loves and cherishes me .	1
may god’s arm strike on our side !	1
we’ll have another bear - baiting just to make him angry ,  and we’ll mock him till he’s black and blue .	1
so i will ,  my liege ,  as i live .	1
everyone says you can’t make up your mind .	1
this is the penthouse under which lorenzo desired us to make stand .	1
speak within door .	1
the dropsy drown this fool !	1
but my dear ,  when i said i was worth nothing ,  i was actually bragging—i should’ve said that i was worse than nothing .	1
we’re unprepared for this wedding celebration .	1
come ,  tailor ,  show it to us .	1
had i as many mouths as hydra ,  such an answer would stop them all .	1
why ,  the wrong is but a wrong i' the world; and hav -  ing the world for your labor ,  'tis a wrong in your own world ,  and you might quickly make it right .	1
i will, and i’ll know her mind early tomorrow; tonight she's shut up with her grief.	1
when all's done, you look but on a stool.	1
ok, guys, spread out.	1
i’ll do it even if i find you in the company of the king himself .	1
hath cassius lived to be but mirth and laughter to his brutus ,  when grief and blood ill - temper'd vexeth him ?	1
but what will you be called ?	1
for these two hours ,  rosalind ,  i will leave thee .	1
who in the crowd is calling me ?	1
oh i hope that’s not true !	1
i ne'er saw this before .	1
do you think i'd make a life of jealousy to follow still the changes of the moon with fresh suspicions?	1
i go to take my stand to see him pass on to the capitol .	1
confined together in the same fashion as you told me; just as you left them: all prisoners ,  sir ,  in the grove of trees which weatherproofs your dwelling; they can’t budge until you release them .	1
every fool can tell that.	1
come hither; i am here .	1
he is a good one ,  and his worthiness does challenge much respect . —come ,  desdemona ,  once more ,  well met at cyprus .	1
now i’ll believe that unicorns exist ,  and that there’s a tree in arabia where the phoenix lives .	1
who now the price of his dear blood doth owe ?	1
what mean'st thou by that ?	1
allow a good morning from a feeble tongue .	1
a dog of that house shall move me to stand .	1
no ,  not for all the world .	1
why do i have to do that ?	1
good even ,  casca .	1
but i do see you're moved; i am to pray you not to strain my speech to grosser issues ,  nor to larger reach than to suspicion .	1
perform the speech just as i taught you ,  musically and smoothly .	1
why, she is within.	1
what think you of this fool ,  malvolio ?	1
it’s difficult to have such immaturity so close to my heart ,  but bear with me .	1
we have met with foes that fight beside us.	1
nay then ,  come on ,  and take the chance of anger .	1
oh ,  he is even in my mistress' case ,  just in her case .	1
speak'st thou this from thy heart ?	1
o, i could cry like a woman with my eyes, and brag with my tongue!	1
i will, my lord, i beg you to pardon me.	1
ay ,  and twenty such .	1
this, decius brutus.	1
here comes your father .	1
yet i profess curing it by counsel .	1
i don’t know him .	1
so they do nothing ,  ’tis a venial slip .	1
tell him my fury will abate ,  and i’ll take the crowns .	1
since this fortune falls to you ,  be content ,  and seek no new .	1
now, good metellus, go ask him.	1
what is this noise ?	1
it’s bitterly cold out ,  and i’m depressed .	1
it’s time to leave .	1
my husband !	1
dead ,  dead ?	1
to the forest of arden ,  to find your father .	1
my lord ,  i have considered in my mind the late request that you did sound me in .	1
so should we you ,  if you should be our king .	1
ay ,  if i know the letters and the language .	1
well ,  go on your way ,  then .	1
let her not walk i' th' sun .	1
here’s the place .	1
the people 'twixt philippi and this ground do stand but in a forced affection, for they have grudged us contribution.	1
if you make the accusation convincingly ,  then my cunning won’t fail me .	1
i can’t wait to meet her !	1
this hand is moist, my lady.	1
let us ,  lepidus ,  not lack your company .	1
hey ,  lady !	1
you and i ,  kate ,  we are the makers of custom ,  and the freedom that goes with our position silences all who would criticize ,  as i will silence you for upholding the prudish custom of your country in refusing me a kiss .	1
their messengers are ready ,  waiting to deliver our response in these matters .	1
of course .	1
why ,  wouldn’t you ?	1
i don’t completely distrust you .	1
my fair bianca ,  bid my father welcome ,  while i with equal affection welcome yours .	1
still ,  did you notice how ready he was to hire good tutors for her ?	1
go tell him of this .	1
and shall i couple hell ?	1
be clamorous ,  and leap all civil bounds ,  rather than make unprofited return .	1
and what should i give you that would be equal in value to this rare and precious gift ?	1
i bet it’s a challenge .	1
here comes the man ,  sir ,  that did rescue me .	1
i am in blood stepp'd in so far that, should i wade no more, returning were as tedious as go o'er.	1
indeed ,  they are disproportioned .	1
let’s seek out some shady place where we can sit down alone and cry our hearts out .	1
oh wise judge !	1
the blow thou hadst shall make thy peace for moving me to rage ,  and i will boot thee with what gift beside thy modesty can beg .	1
be advis'd, fair maid.	1
oh ,  i’m talking too loud . —where’s malvolio ?	1
a laughter.	1
villain ,  thou didst deny the gold’s receipt and told’st me of a mistress and a dinner ,  for which ,  i hope ,  thou felt’st i was displeased .	1
fie!	1
for what had he to do to chide at me ?	1
a good laugh .	1
there is no vice so simple ,  but assumes some mark of virtue on his outward parts .	1
answer; answer.	1
if i may say so ,  your majesty ,  as i see it he would be a coward and a villain not to .	1
answer every man directly.	1
this bud of love ,  by summer's ripening breath ,  may prove a beauteous flower when next we meet .	1
this is my biological father ,  who ,  being more than half - blind ,  nearly stone blind ,  doesn’t know me: i’ll try to confuse him .	1
i beseech you ,  sir ,  go .	1
by my troth ,  i will speak my conscience of the king .	1
i’ll send my prayers with him .	1
for you see ,  it is already in snuff .	1
alas ,  why do you chew your nether lip so ?	1
don’t touch me: i am not stephano ,  but a cramp .	1
your tale ,  sir ,  would cure deafness .	1
i know not ,  sir .	1
i gave you my vow before you asked for it, and yet, i wish i could give it again.	1
don’t stand there in shock .	1
and who is that ?	1
then will i give you the serving - creature .	1
tis as arrant a piece of knavery ,  mark you now ,  as can be offert ,  in your conscience now ,  is it not ?	1
at my poor house look to behold this night women like earth - treading stars that make dark heaven light .	1
i am not drunk now .	1
what  “ half the story ,  ”  sir ?	1
i forget: but these sweet thoughts even refresh my work, keep me very busy, at least when i do it.	1
and will he not come again ?	1
it is ,  it is .	1
her head’s declined ,  and death will seize her but your comfort makes the rescue .	1
commend me to your honorable wife: tell her the story of antonio's end; say how i loved you; speak fairly about me in death; and, when the tale is told, ask her to be the judge of whether bassanio didn’t once have a love.	1
o ,  come in ,  emilia .	1
well ,  let’s hope you stay in that noble frame of mind .	1
to celebrate a contract of true love, and to bestow some free gifts on the blessed lovers.	1
oh ,  then ,  what graces in my love do dwell ,  that he hath turned a heaven unto a hell !	1
no remedy, my lord, when walls are so wilful to hear without warning.	1
a greater power than we can contradict has opposed our plans .	1
turn up on your right hand at the next turning ,  but ,  at the next turning of all ,  on your left; damn it ,  at the very next turning ,  turn of no hand ,  but turn down indirectly to the jew's house .	1
destruction take my soul ,  but i do love you !	1
you don’t have to worry about any of these lords ,  my lady .	1
i am full of pleasure .	1
o lord ,  he will hang upon him like a disease !	1
pray you ,  be careful .	1
i remember a mass of things ,  but nothing distinctly; a quarrel ,  but nothing wherefore .	1
now go ,  and hurry back .	1
here comes the good macduff.	1
did my heart love till now ?	1
harry le roy .	1
if he’s angry ,  there must be something seriously wrong .	1
nurse !	1
so could i .	1
i’m sorry to hear this .	1
and to you ,  most noble caesar .	1
i who is cruel am yet merciful; i would not have you linger in your pain.	1
which now we find each putter - out of five for one will bring us good warrant of .	1
what it is ,  my caius ,  i shall unfold to thee ,  as we are going to whom it must be done .	1
why, look there!	1
romeo shall thank you, daughter, for us both.	1
once more, on pain of death, all men depart.	1
methought i was enamour'd of an ass.	1
is not thy master with him ?	1
o, ho, monster!	1
i’m no less noble than you are ,  edmund .	1
o courteous tybalt!	1
he keeps them, like an ape, in the corner of his jaw; first mouth'd, to be last swallowed.	1
thou art the ruins of the noblest man that ever livèd in the tide of times .	1
the worst thing imaginable has happened .	1
why, here in denmark.	1
i have a daughter named katherina ,  sir .	1
hello ,  sir .	1
i haven’t seen anything .	1
you must have patience, madam.	1
it hangs like flax on a distaff .	1
if e'er the jew her father come to heaven ,  it will be for his gentle daughter's sake: and never dare misfortune cross her foot ,  unless she do it under this excuse , — that she is issue to a faithless jew .	1
i'll follow, stephano.	1
here it is .	1
i had thought t’ have held it poor; but since my lord is antony again ,  i will be cleopatra .	1
away !	1
why ,  what is that to you ?	1
i confess it is my shame to be so crazy in love ,  but it is not in my virtue to fix it .	1
stay here a minute.	1
let us leave him .	1
if we meet again ,  then we’ll smile .	1
at your request !	1
a devil ,  a born devil on whose nature nurture can never stick ,  on whom my pains ,  humanely taken ,  all ,  all lost ,  quite lost .	1
i do believe it against an oracle .	1
let the egyptians and phoenicians go swimming .	1
the players cannot keep a secret, they'll tell all.	1
i don’t want to play now .	1
what do i see on thee ?	1
it’s not yet daylight .	1
signor montano ,  your brave and loyal servant ,  gives you this information and asks you to send reinforcements to relieve him .	1
i’ll tell you what ,  prince: a whole university full of wisecrackers couldn’t change my mood today .	1
give me a key for this, and instantly unlock my fortunes here.	1
good countrymen, let me depart alone, and, for my sake, stay here with antony.	1
romeo's shall be as rich ,  lying by his lady's side ,  poor sacrifices of our hatred !	1
here ,  sir !	1
well ,  even if he is her father ,  i’m sure she wouldn’t want to have the head of the old man on her shoulders !	1
and you by land .	1
caesar’s better parts shall be crowned in brutus !	1
o, let the heavens give him defense against the elements, because i have lost him on a dangerous sea!	1
ready ,  ready; and here's a marvelously convenient place for our rehearsal .	1
a good swift simile ,  but something currish .	1
mistress ,  you must come away to your father .	1
i’m leaving now .	1
misshapen chaos of well - seeming forms !	1
on that point ,  our letters don’t agree .	1
will you have dinner there ?	1
all may be well .	1
that if you be sincere and truthful, your sincerity shouldn’t have any talks to your beauty.	1
in truth ,  i think i should; and undo it when i had done .	1
i was also ordered to add, hail, most worthy baron, for the title of baron of cawdor is yours.	1
that’s right ,  or drinking ,  swearing ,  fist - fighting ,  visiting prostitutes—that kind of thing .	1
i have seen the day that with this little arm and this good sword i have made my way through more impediments than twenty times your stop .	1
all the conspirators ,  except him ,  did that they did out of jealousy of great caesar; only he ,  in a general - honest thought and common good to all ,  made one of them .	1
is that true ,  my lords of england ?	1
if all the wine in my bottle will help him, i will help his malaria.	1
where should they be set else?	1
you’ll pay for this if i ever see you face - to - face in the daylight .	1
no ,  my lord; rather with choler .	1
do you bite your thumb at us ,  sir ?	1
why i’m going down into this tomb is partly to see my lady's face ,  but mostly to take a precious ring from her dead finger ,  a ring that i must use in a very special errand .	1
but what’s the joke ?	1
o thou weed, who art so lovely fair and smell'st so sweet that the sense aches at thee, would thou hadst ne'er been born!	1
help !	1
all's well now, sweetheart; come away to bed.	1
your betters ,  sir .	1
not a jot, not a jot.	1
let that suffice you .	1
twas i indeed thou promised’st to strike ,  and thou hast given me most bitter terms .	1
he has some wonderful home furnishings—that’s what he calls them—that he’ll use to decorate his house when he gets one .	1
i'll take my leave of the jew in the twinkling of an eye.	1
to gonzalo] first ,  noble friend ,  [to gonzalo] first ,  noble friend ,  let me embrace thine age ,  whose honour cannot be measured or confined .	1
it’s too late to go to bed now .	1
i beg your honors’ mercy, heartily.—what is your name?	1
the general should be informed about this .	1
well then ,  the peace which you before so urged lies in his answer .	1
is my father well ?	1
will you ha' the truth on't?	1
divinity of hell!	1
where the devil can romeo be ?	1
why dost thou stay?	1
i’ll follow it .	1
to hell with you !	1
o, yes, and went between us very oft.	1
awaken the memory of those valiant ancestors and with your own powerful arm make their deeds live again .	1
contemning rome ,  he has done all this and more in alexandria .	1
now i see the blood rushing to your cheeks .	1
who’s been with her ?	1
all but mariners plunged in the foaming brine and quit the vessel ,  then all afire with me .	1
not so ,  my lord .	1
what a hard blow that was!	1
bid me farewell .	1
no ,  i had to do something .	1
thy drugs are quick .	1
what ?	1
yet hear me speak .	1
how now ?	1
o honey nurse, what news?	1
i think ,  in faith ,  she loves me .	1
ay my lord ,  so you will not o'errule me to a peace .	1
pray ,  do not mock me .	1
i tried to stop speaking plainly ,  since you dislike plain speech so much .	1
he says his name’s poor tom .	1
doesn’t anyone else want to see this ,  and hear breath wheezing out from broken ribs ?	1
lorenzo ,  please take charge of the management of my house until my husband comes back .	1
then he is dead ?	1
yes, truly;—for, look you, the sins of the father are to be laid upon the children; therefore, i promise you i fear you.	1
gentle octavia ,  support the one that supports you .	1
o peer !	1
a contagious breath .	1
is ’t not perfect conscience to quit him with this arm ?	1
will she go now to bed ?	1
we have been praying for our husbands' welfare, which speed, we hope, the better for our words.	1
as eagerly as i ever came from school .	1
ready.	1
call me what instrument you will ,  though you can fret me ,  yet you cannot play upon me .	1
that i did love the moor to live with him ,  my downright violence and storm of fortunes may trumpet to the world .	1
is it possible ?	1
thou must not take my former sharpness ill .	1
tell me that .	1
and yesternight ,  at supper ,  you suddenly arose and walked about ,  musing and sighing ,  with your arms across ,  and when i asked you what the matter was ,  you stared upon me with ungentle looks .	1
she ,  dying ,  as it must so be maintained ,  upon the instant that she was accused ,  shall be lamented ,  pitied and excused of every hearer .	1
i never heard so loud a voice issue from such an empty heart .	1
myself ?	1
what kind of fighting cock is this ?	1
what about the naming of this gentleman?	1
just opposite to what you justly seem ,  a damned saint ,  an honorable villain !	1
i think nothing ,  my lord .	1
i’m reluctant to tell you what i wish you knew .	1
i hope ,  sir ,  that you’re not angry that i’ve been equally attentive to you both !	1
god knows when we shall meet again.	1
i see your own business needs you ,  and you take this opportunity to leave .	1
most certain ,  sir .	1
you look as you had something more to say .	1
pick up this rope ladder .	1
this fellow might have been a great buyer of land in his time, with his statutes, his emblems, his fine art, his double billing, his house seizures?	1
but i’m ashamed to kiss ,  sir .	1
amazingly sleepy!	1
there is no harm intended to your person ,  nor to no roman else .	1
we will be married o' sunday .	1
welcome, horatio.	1
this is the day i’m going to get what i wished for when i wished that the person i most trusted would betray me .	1
god help you ,  foolish man .	1
macbeth !	1
gower is a good captain ,  and is well versed and well read in the wars .	1
thou are too like the spirit of banquo .	1
some holy angel fly to the court of england, and unfold his message before he comes so that a swift blessing may soon return to our country that suffers under a cursed hand!	1
i have long thought i would see this morning's face, and does it give me such a sight as this?	1
tis late.	1
where is the evidence that doth accuse me ?	1
o, forgive me my sins!	1
when i came back— for this was brief —i found them close together, at blow and thrust, even as again they were when you yourself did part them.	1
god be wi' you and keep you and heal your pate .	1
let’s follow the old earl ,  and get the bedlam to lead him where he would .	1
make no compare between that love a woman can bear me and that i owe olivia .	1
i am right loath to go .	1
yes ,  alright ,  go ,  i say ,  and bring him here .	1
wake up when something nasty is nearby .	1
he’s a fool ,  a madman ,  and a drowned man .	1
but i can tell you that of late this duke hath ta'en displeasure 'gainst his gentle niece ,  grounded upon no other argument but that the people praise her for her virtues and pity her for her good father’s sake; and ,  on my life ,  his malice 'gainst the lady will suddenly break forth .	1
the jew shall have my flesh ,  blood ,  bones ,  and everything ,  before you shall lose one drop of blood for me .	1
stand from the hearse .	1
don’t kneel ,  noble portia .	1
leave you your power to draw ,  and i shall have no power to follow you .	1
a whole one ,  i .	1
there .	1
what, are you busy, ho?	1
i’m begging you ,  take the cork out of your mouth so i can drink the news .	1
yes ,  madam .	1
do you love me ?	1
happy ,  in that we are not overhappy .	1
you know ,  if you were anyone other than brutus ,  that speech would be your last .	1
this torture should make a loud noise in dismal hell .	1
by isis ,  i’ll give you bloody teeth if you ever compare caesar with antony ,  my best man among men .	1
i shall not fear fly- blowing.	1
examine them yourselves ,  then bring me your findings .	1
your statue spouting blood in many pipes ,  in which so many smiling romans bathed ,  signifies that from you great rome shall suck reviving blood ,  and that great men shall press for tinctures ,  stains ,  relics ,  and cognizance .	1
signior benedick !	1
bar harry england ,  that sweeps through our land with pennons painted in the blood of harfleur .	1
to sebastian] why ,  in good time .	1
can’t you just hate me ,  as i know you do ,  instead of joining together to mock me too ?	1
has banquo left the court ?	1
this is a trick to put me from my suit.	1
answer all of us ,  now .	1
is it known who did this more than bloody deed?	1
good madonna ,  give me leave to prove you a fool .	1
by the way ,  if i were to compose an extra speech of twelve to sixteen lines and stick it into the play ,  you could learn it by heart for tomorrow ,  right ?	1
not stingless too .	1
if you won’t listen to reason ,  i’ll have to die .	1
no, it is casca, one who agrees with our attempts.	1
what is the opinion of pythagoras concerning wildfowl ?	1
sir ,  amen .	1
if i do prove her haggard ,  though that her jesses were my dear heartstrings ,  i’d whistle her off and let her down the wind to prey at fortune .	1
the next man who swings his sword must not care about his life ,  because the instant he strikes ,  he dies .	1
what would my potent master?	1
the cowslips tall her pensioners be .	1
what ,  will our mother come ?	1
what, to kiss in private?	1
i am very glad of it .	1
the food that to him now is as luscious as locusts ,  shall be to him shortly as acerb as the coloquintida .	1
merciful heaven !	1
i have heard the rooster ,  that is the trumpet of the morning ,  with his lofty and shrill - sounding throat ,  awakes the god of day ,  and ,  at his warning ,  whether in sea or fire ,  in earth or air ,  the straying and wandering spirit hurries back to his grave .	1
are you good at those kinds of things ?	1
some go to decius' house ,  and some to casca's ,  some to ligarius' .	1
monstrous !	1
honest ?	1
but ,  sir ,  here comes your servant .	1
yes ,  him ,  woman .	1
i say ,  amen .	1
so is he mine ,  and in such bloody distance that every minute of his being thrusts against my near'st of life: and though i could with barefaced power sweep him from my sight and bid my will avouch it ,  yet i must not ,  for certain friends that are both his and mine ,  whose loves i may not drop ,  but wail his fall who i myself struck down .	1
o heavy day !	1
let wantons light of heart tickle the senseless rushes with their heels; for i am proverb'd with a grandsire phrase, i'll be a candle-holder and look on; the game was ne'er so fair, and i am done.	1
double ,  double toil and trouble ,  fire burn and cauldron bubble .	1
now comes the lusty blood up in your cheeks, they'll be bright red instantly at any news.	1
madam !	1
you ,  you ,  ay ,  you !	1
she speaks much of her father; says she hears there's tricks i' the world ,  and hems ,  and beats her heart; spurns enviously at straws; speaks things in doubt ,  that carry but half sense .	1
what is ’t you do ?	1
hush ,  thou think’st there is no more such shapes as he ,  having seen but him and caliban .	1
is ’t long or round ?	1
lover !	1
do something about it ,  then .	1
mark antony— pardon me ,  caius cassius .	1
boys ,  how are you both doing ?	1
why the devil came you between us?	1
we first address towards you ,  who with this king hath rivaled for our daughter .	1
let’s do that ,  lysander .	1
when it is paid according to the tenor .	1
why ,  farewell ,  portia .	1
with all my heart ,  phoebe .	1
because ,  coming from there ,  my son is lost; and ,  in my opinion ,  she is too ,  who is so far away from italy ,  that i shall never see her again .	1
next time i’ll give you nothing for something .	1
lucius ! —varro !	1
up.	1
oh ,  he’s good at bending words around !	1
here’s his dry hand up and down .	1
god made him and therefore let him pass for a man .	1
nor i .	1
i have some business .	1
retire we to our chamber .	1
you won’t play then ?	1
no ,  my noble lord ,  it is not for you .	1
you have some cause; they have not .	1
i know thee not .	1
go; i'll to dinner; hie you to the cell .	1
macbeth is ripe for shaking, and the powers above put on their instruments.	1
can you work in the earth so fast ?	1
muffle me ,  night ,  awhile .	1
this fortification ,  gentlemen ,  shall we see it ?	1
i think it’s too rough ,  too rude ,  too rowdy ,  and it pricks like a thorn .	1
help me hence, ho!	1
katherine the curst !  ”  a title for a maid of all titles the worst .	1
who’s coming ?	1
are you trying to wash him out of his grave with tears ?	1
thou hast done a deed— i care not for thy sword; i'll make thee known, though i lost twenty lives.	1
the rain ,  the wind ,  the thunder and lightning are not my daughters .	1
o honey nurse ,  what news ?	1
no ,  but she let it drop by negligence and ,  to th' advantage ,  i being here ,  took ’t up .	1
let it stay in your inventory until it bankrupts you .	1
tell me again ,  where did you leave these varlets ?	1
oh brave touch!	1
where the devil can this romeo be ?	1
you think i’m kidding .	1
sovereign of egypt ,  hail !	1
what’s the bet ?	1
there will we dine .	1
our bodies are like gardens and our willpower is like the gardener .	1
it is the east ,  and juliet is the sun rising !	1
come ,  there is sauce for it .	1
he received me with courtesy and sufficient respect ,  but not with affection ,  nor with as much open and friendly conversation as he once greeted me .	1
doth not my wit become me rarely ?	1
what ,  dead ,  my dove ?	1
woman ,  stop your frantic curses and false prophesies before we run out of patience and do something bad to you .	1
no, as i am a christian.	1
how dost thou, guildenstern?	1
now, by the stock and honour of my kin, to strike him dead i hold it not a sin.	1
shylock ,  albeit i neither lend nor borrow by taking nor by giving of excess ,  yet to supply the ripe wants of my friend ,  i’ll break a custom .	1
i’ll join with black despair against my soul and to myself become an enemy .	1
eyes, do you see?	1
o ratcliffe ,  i have dreamed a fearful dream !	1
my services which i have done the signiory shall out - tongue his complaints .	1
you’re a senator !	1
the king—whom i hope god will protect better than you would like—can’t get a minute’s rest without you bothering him with your outrageous complaints .	1
come hear ,  my dear hamlet ,  sit by me .	1
do so .	1
he fights as you sing prick-song keeps time, distance, and proportion; rests his minimum rest.	1
all the charms of sycorax, toads, beetles, bats, light on you!	1
and if you treat us badly ,  won’t we try to get revenge ?	1
father ,  take pity on him .	1
the general and his wife are talking of it, and she speaks for you stoutly.	1
but tell me ,  egeus .	1
a liberal hand.	1
have you had quiet guard ?	1
so the heavens smile upon this holy act that after - hours will not scold us with sorrow !	1
his horse is killed ,  so he’s fighting on foot ,  risking his life to search out richmond .	1
how now ,  grumio ?	1
he strongly fortifies great dunsinane.	1
when i was in school, when i had lost one arrow, i shot another one of identical length in an identical way, with more thoughtful care, to find the one i lost, and by risking both, i often found both.	1
my sickness grows upon me .	1
oh sweet bully bottom!	1
when caesar lived ,  he durst not thus have moved me .	1
okay ,  just stay quiet .	1
whose was it ?	1
you are welcome ,  sir .	1
ever since you lost yours .	1
and good monsieur ,  have a care the honey bag break not .	1
he that conceals him ,  death .	1
very bad.	1
my brother’s servants used to be my equals .	1
and now ,  octavius ,  listen to great things .	1
say it ,  othello .	1
do you need my help ?	1
there it goes ,  silver !	1
pyramus is coming up to the wall .	1
the sun was not as true to the daytime as he was to me .	1
indeed, my lord, it followed very soon after.	1
what think you on ’t ?	1
hark !	1
what beard were i best to play it in ?	1
or shall we just go on without any apology ?	1
look in the calendar and bring me word .	1
they only like things as bad as themselves .	1
look, how he laughs already!	1
my master’s house .	1
why ,  fool ?	1
don’t touch me: i am not stephano, but a cramp.	1
and shall i join forces hell?	1
drowned ?	1
o sin sweetly encouraged!	1
dear duff, i beg you, contradict yourself, and say it is not so.	1
we shall, my lord, perform what you command us.	1
what are you doing ,  wearing your best clothes ?	1
now i could drink hot blood ,  and do such wicked deed that the day would shake nervously to see .	1
did you see octavia ?	1
i took him sleeping , —that is finish'd too , — and the athenian woman by his side; that ,  when he waked ,  of force she must be eyed .	1
please ,  pay him immediately .	1
two of the fairest stars in all the heaven ,  having some business ,  do beg her eyes to twinkle in their sockets till the stars return .	1
who’s shouting ?	1
come ,  come ,  the cause .	1
presently .	1
hot ,  hot ,  and moist .	1
have you got leave to go to shrift to - day ?	1
but the special thing about it is,—which is indeed almost beyond belief,— as many verified “special things” are.	1
how poor are they that have not patience !	1
portia ,  forgive me this enforcèd wrong ,  and in the hearing of these many friends i swear to thee ,  even by thine own fair eyes wherein i see myself—     mark you but that !	1
two reasons .	1
then be so kind as to show them in .	1
i won’t be far from you .	1
is that really what you meant ?	1
don’t be upset .	1
he’ll make your paris louvre shake for it ,  were it the mistress court of mighty europe .	1
yes ,  now i’m in arden ,  and that makes me the bigger fool .	1
good madam ,  do .	1
i bleed ,  sir ,  but not kill'd .	1
fool ,  i say !	1
what is the cause ,  laertes ,  that thy rebellion looks so giant - like ?	1
poor prattler, how thou talk'st!	1
we hear our bloody cousins are living in england and in ireland ,  not confessing their cruel murder of their father ,  only filling their hearers with strange lies .	1
hard working men that work here in athens ,  who never worked in their minds until now ,  and now they have toiled their bad memories to do this play in honor of your wedding .	1
no ,  he will answer the letter's writer ,  how he dares being dared .	1
let us hear ,  sweet bottom .	1
carry him away .	1
what’s going on ,  malvolio ?	1
no ?	1
once more, leave, good friends.	1
he discovered that the man was his older brother .	1
by mary ,  sir ,  nose - painting ,  sleep ,  and urine .	1
tell us the oath, my lord.	1
could not a worm, an adder, do so much?	1
i’m ordering you ,  go home .	1
any villain in denmark is going to be ,  well ,  a villain .	1
no more ,  no more .	1
my friend ,  thy husband ,  honest ,  honest iago .	1
it will not let you eat, nor talk, nor sleep, and, could it work so much upon your shape as it hath much prevail'd on your condition, i should not know you, brutus.	1
and fixed his eyes upon you ?	1
if thou beest trinculo ,  come forth .	1
the king was wearing exactly this armor when he fought the king of norway .	1
send for the man, and ask him.	1
there the pairs of faithful lovers shall be married, with theseus, all in jollity.	1
i’ve heard ,  and it is nothing ,  nothing in the world ,  unless you can laugh at their intentions ,  extremely stretched and done with cruel pain ,  to do you service .	1
do you think so ,  spirit ?	1
but indeed, if you find him not within this month, you shall nose him as you go up the stair, into the lobby.	1
it is no boast ,  being asked ,  to say we are .	1
heavens protect him from these beasts !	1
all this amazement can i qualify when after that the holy rites are ended i’ll tell you largely of fair hero’s death .	1
think’st thou i’d make a life of jealousy ,  to follow still the changes of the moon with fresh suspicions ?	1
this wretch hath part confess'd his villainy .	1
so stay for a while .	1
there they hoist us, to cry to th’ sea that roared to us, to sigh to th’ winds, whose pity, sighing back again, did us but loving wrong.	1
all ?	1
i want the law ,  the penalty ,  and penalty of my promise to pay .	1
bless you ,  fair dame !	1
o earth !	1
only hide yourself, and mark the sneers, the taunts, and outstanding scorns, that dwell in every region of his face, because i will make him tell the story as if it were new, about where, how, how often, how long ago, and when he has had, and is again to have, sex with your wife.	1
i have well proven it, sir.	1
is that the law?	1
and does it wake up now ,  hung over from what it so freely committed to ?	1
i’m to blame to be waited for like this . — now ,  cinna;—now ,  metellus;—what ,  trebonius !	1
speak ,  nephew ,  where you there when it started ?	1
if he had as many lives as he’s got hairs on his head ,  i would’ve killed them all in revenge .	1
o me, what have you done?	1
the morning comes upon's .	1
and now ,  who knows but you ,  lorenzo ,  whether i am yours ?	1
there's a poor piece of gold for you .	1
please ,  spare me .	1
peace !	1
tybalt, the reason that i have to love you does excuse very much the rage that is appropriate for such a greeting.	1
you have to stop talking like this .	1
the usurer hangs the cozener .	1
farewell .	1
comes there any more of it ?	1
you’ve come right on time .	1
what ,  ho ,  brabantio !	1
come now!	1
o gentle romeo ,  if you do love ,  pronounce it faithfully .	1
my lord ,  that dirty clown whom you laughed at so often is also missing .	1
hail!	1
if the jew her father ever comes to heaven ,  it will be for his gentle daughter's sake; and never should misfortune dare to cross her foot ,  unless she does it under this excuse ,  that she is daughter to a faithless jew .	1
that i did love the moor to live with him, my downright violence and storm of fortunes may trumpet to the world.	1
farewell.	1
that would hang us, every mother's son.	1
the wren goes to ’t ,  and the small gilded fly does lecher in my sight .	1
for shame, my lord, for shame!	1
thus with imagined wing our swift scene flies in motion of no less celerity than that of thought .	1
exchange forgiveness with me, noble hamlet.	1
the smell of leek turns my stomach .	1
home ,  you idle creatures get you home !	1
the wisdom of your duty ,  fair bianca ,  hath cost me an hundred crowns since suppertime .	1
my thanes and kinsmen ,  henceforth be earls ,  the first that ever scotland in such an honor named .	1
did not great julius bleed for justice' sake?	1
what, hello!	1
i did so ,  and i went even further ,  which is now the point of our second meeting .	1
what beard would be best to play it in?	1
and don’t only see his vice; it is a proper contradiction to his virtue, the one is as long as the other.	1
to punish me for what you make me do seems much unequal .	1
i am glad to see you in this merry vein .	1
my lord ,  we must entreat the time alone .	1
you shall be soon dispatched with fair conditions .	1
thou art come to answer a stony adversary ,  an inhuman wretch uncapable of pity ,  void and empty from any dram of mercy .	1
let’s sit here and let the music fill our ears .	1
i crave the law ,  the penalty and forfeit of my bond .	1
i warrant, an i should live a thousand years, i never should forget it.	1
hear it not, duncan, for it is a knell that summons thee to heaven, or to hell.	1
oh ,  wise young judge ,  how i honor you !	1
draw thy sword—one stroke shall free thee from the tribute which thou payest ,  and i the king shall love thee .	1
i’m not much of a drinker .	1
and your reports have set the murder on .	1
if thou canst nod ,  speak too .	1
romeo ,  he cries aloud ,   “ hold ,  friends !	1
banquo ,  your soul's flight ,  if it finds heaven ,  must find it tonight .	1
don’t be disturbed by my weakness .	1
am i that name ,  iago ?	1
have you any else to tell me ?	1
i am a spirit of no simple power— the summer still waits for me and i love you .	1
what ,  i' th' storm ,  i' th' night ?	1
my lord ,  we were sent for .	1
which, among the many women, my daughter, being one, may stand out, though in my eyes, none can match her.	1
why ,  how now ,  general !	1
now for ourself, and for this time of meeting.	1
i have seen you gleeking and galling at this gentleman twice or thrice .	1
as proper men as ever trod upon neat’s leather have gone upon my handiwork .	1
hark you ,  sir .	1
let me entreat you .	1
good noble ladies ,  be brave .	1
most noble brother, you have done me wrong.	1
gentlemen, play here, i will reward your pains, something that's brief and say, “good morning, general.” hey, fellows, have your instruments been in naples, that they sound as horrible as like this?	1
we have to get out of here ,  old man .	1
dost thou think so, spirit?	1
lovers ,  it’s time to go to bed .	1
do not learn of him ,  emilia ,  though he be thy husband .	1
happy is your grace ,  that can translate the stubbornness of fortune into so quiet and so sweet a style .	1
here are the long, black eyebrows that shall blush for me.	1
drowning is for cats or blind puppies—don’t drown yourself !	1
but for all this, when i shall tread upon the tyrant's head, or wear it on my sword, yet my poor country shall have more vices than it had before, more suffer and more sundry ways than ever, by him that shall succeed.	1
alas ,  poor rogue !	1
i frown at him ,  but he still loves me .	1
when hamlet returns ,  he shall know you’re home .	1
at such a time, i’ll make sure my daughter meets him.	1
fairies, away.	1
just that one .	1
how are you, good lord?	1
the concernancy, sir?	1
keep an eye on her ,  moor .	1
hood my unmanned blood bating in my cheeks ,  with thy black mantle ,  till strange love ,  grow bold ,  think true love acted simple modesty .	1
thou thinkest i am in sport .	1
i knew you must be edified by the margent ere you had done .	1
are you going to scone ?	1
this a dull sight .	1
i'll go get him now .	1
well ,  i am sorry for your niece .	1
he tried to kill me recently ,  very recently .	1
look ,  if you love me ,  stay .	1
but shall't be shortly ?	1
our severed navy too have knit again ,  and fleet ,  threat’ning most sealike .	1
gentlemen both ,  we will not wake your patience .	1
thank you ,  the valiant of this warlike isle ,  that so approve the moor !	1
indeed ,  you have wronged me ,  you liar .	1
look who comes here .	1
no ,  my lord ,  it’s been four months .	1
do not learn of him, emilia, though he be thy husband.	1
a friend should tolerate his friend's shortcomings, but brutus makes mine greater than they are.	1
yes, my good lord.	1
you look angry.	1
this torture should be roared in dismal hell .	1
as caesar loved me ,  i weep for him; as he was fortunate ,  i rejoice at it; as he was valiant ,  i honor him; but as he was ambitious ,  i slew him .	1
what is it thou didst say ?	1
forgive me my truth, because, in the fatness of these wealthy times virtue itself must beg pardon of vice, yes, beg and court for permission to do him good.	1
if you love her then ,  tomorrow wed her .	1
o, wonder!	1
i would therefore my sister had no name ,  sir .	1
alas ,  why would you heap all these responsibilities on me ?	1
i wouldn’t dare ?	1
then antony offered it to him again ,  and he refused it again (though ,  in my opinion ,  he was reluctant to take his hand off it) .	1
all the world desires her .	1
i have brought him a present .	1
look ,  i have a weapon ,  the best sword a soldier could have .	1
nothing.	1
my grandmother told me he was murdered there .	1
we would have desired your good advice, which still has been both serious and favorable, in this day's council, but we'll do it tomorrow.	1
for he is sure i'th’ island .	1
let rome fall !	1
your brother—no ,  no brother—yet the son— yet not the son ,  i will not call him son— of him i was about to call his father hath heard your praises ,  and this night he means to burn the lodging where you use to lie ,  and you within it .	1
didst hear her speak ?	1
finish ,  good lady .	1
she thanked me and bade me ,  if i had a friend that loved her ,  i should but teach him how to tell my story and that would woo her .	1
ay me !	1
i cry you mercy .	1
you will set cock - a - hoop !	1
i recently shared a bed with cassio ,  and i couldn’t sleep because of a raging toothache .	1
and now my lady worm's ,  no jaw and knocked about the face with a sexton's spade .	1
step aside, choose whichever of your wisest friends you want, and they shall hear and judge between you and me.	1
o, a cherubin thou wast that did preserve me.	1
i am in blood stepp'd in so far that ,  should i wade no more ,  returning were as tedious as go o'er .	1
believe me ,  then ,  that i have special powers .	1
fair and noble hostess, we are your guest tonight.	1
there shall the pairs of faithful lovers be wedded, with theseus, all in jollity.	1
heaven me such uses send, not to pick bad from bad, but by bad mend!	1
you were the doctor ,  and i didn’t know you ?	1
oh ,  that your highness knew my heart in this: i never loved my brother in my life .	1
but sir ,  there is no such house ,  no such maid ,  and no such men as you have dreamed up ,  like a certain stephen sly and one old john naps of greece ,  a peter turph ,  one  “ henry pimpernell ,  ”  and twenty more men of this sort—who never actually existed .	1
off with that bauble ,  throw it underfoot .	1
i prophesied if a gallows were on land this fellow could not drown .	1
spread the word .	1
the question of cordelia and her father requires a fitter place .	1
i prithee ,  pretty york ,  who told thee this ?	1
what's the matter ,  lady ?	1
if we know him to be a thief ,  shall we not lay hands on him ?	1
i have more care to stay than will to go .	1
therefore, out of thy long-experienc'd time, give me some present counsel; or, behold, 'twixt my extremes and me this bloody knife shall play the umpire, arbitrating that which the commission of thy years and art could to no issue of true honour bring.	1
pooh ,  you speak like a green girl ,  unsifted in such perilous circumstance .	1
curse your heart for sending me out to catch my death with prancing up and down!	1
it goes along with being born to greatness ,  but it makes you get badmouthed by every fool who only has his own suffering to care about .	1
now i say good night to your bones ,  hero .	1
look in upon me then ,  and speak with me ,  or ,  naked as i am ,  i will assault thee .	1
the sails were dyed purple ,  and they were perfumed so heavily that they made the air seem dizzy with love .	1
nothing that i am, not for their own sins, only for mine, cruel slaughter on their souls.	1
i'm lost in it, my lord.	1
you would never fear being caught or dying, the mistakes nor the tricks.	1
more legal authority ,  more honorable state ,  more courtship lives in flies on dead meat than romeo .	1
but first, i will release the fairy queen.	1
where’s metellus cimber ?	1
ay me!	1
what need you five and twenty ,  ten ,  or five to follow in a house where twice so many have a command to tend you ?	1
this hill is far enough . —look ,  look ,  titinius; are those my tents on fire ?	1
nothing ,  but that this is so .	1
there’s more depends on this than on the value .	1
fie ,  fie !	1
my treasure has no boundaries, just like the sea, my love is as deep as the sea; the more i give to you, the more i have, for both my love and the sea are infinite.	1
did romeo's hand shed tybalt's blood?	1
alexas !	1
he is unqualitied with very shame .	1
and he had a chain that once belonged to you hanging around his neck .	1
not yet .	1
i bring you news of the prince's sentence.	1
methought the billows spoke and told me of it ,  the winds did sing it to me ,  and the thunder ,  that deep and dreadful organ pipe ,  pronounced the name of prosper .	1
be patient with him, brutus; it’s the way he is.	1
can i bear that with patience and not my husband's secrets ?	1
it is faded ,  and rather like a dream than a definite memory in my mind .	1
call me but love ,  and i'll be new baptiz'd; henceforth i never will be romeo .	1
have i ,  my lord ?	1
when these mutual things lead the way ,  the teacher and the main exercise follow close behind ,  to the obvious conclusion .	1
excellent .	1
for any good that i myself have done unto myself ?	1
we’ll talk about this later .	1
because i’m afraid of that ,  i still will stay with you ,  and never leave this palace of dim night again .	1
but ,  lepidus ,  go to caesar's house; go get the will here ,  and we shall determine how to cut off some appointments in legacies .	1
ay ,  and briefly .	1
go not my horse the better ,  i must become a borrower of the night for a dark hour or twain .	1
observe his inclination in yourself.	1
is he there in person ?	1
they are ,  my lord ,  without the palace gate .	1
i dare not say he lies anywhere .	1
but i have to remember that i’m here on earth ,  where doing evil is often praised ,  and doing good is sometimes a stupid and dangerous mistake .	1
i have not deserved this .	1
it’s our destiny ,  like death .	1
not so young ,  sir ,  to love a woman for singing ,  nor so old to dote on her for anything .	1
sad ,  my lady !	1
throw physic to the dogs ,  i'll none of it .	1
no ,  lysander .	1
what early tongue so sweetly salutes me ?	1
it is a massy wheel fixed on the summit of the highest mount ,  to whose huge spokes ten thousand lesser things are mortised and adjoined ,  which ,  when it falls ,  each small annexment ,  petty consequence ,  attends the boisterous ruin .	1
brutus speaks.	1
by this scimitar , — that slew the sophy ,  and a persian prince ,  that won three fields of sultan solyman , — i would o'erstare the sternest eyes that look ,  outbrave the heart most daring on the earth ,  pluck the young sucking cubs from the she - bear ,  yea ,  mock the lion when he roars for prey ,  to win thee ,  lady .	1
i fear you have sold your own lands to see other men’s .	1
why ,  stay and hear me speak .	1
i' faith, if he be not rotten before he die—as we have many pocky corses nowadays that will scarce hold the laying in—he will last you some eight year or nine year.	1
gracious my lord ,  i should report that which i say i saw ,  but know not how to do ’t .	1
there lives within the very flame of love a kind of wick or snuff that will abate it; and nothing is at a like goodness still; for goodness ,  growing to a pleurisy ,  dies in his own too much .	1
care keeps his watch in every old man’s eye ,  and where care lodges ,  sleep will never lie .	1
shall i go get your nightgown?	1
my lord ,  i do not know that i did cry .	1
there is one within ,  besides the things that we have heard and seen ,  recounts most horrid sights seen by the watch .	1
god be at your table!	1
i beseech thee ,  youth ,  put not another sin upon my head by urging me to fury .	1
belike you slew great number of his people ?	1
three kings i had newly feasted ,  and did want of what i was i’ th’ morning .	1
no ,  sir .	1
goodbye ,  you beautiful ,  cruel woman .	1
for me ,  three thousand dollars .	1
give me leave ,  caesar .	1
lead the way .	1
at supper .	1
for my uncle is king of denmark ,  and those that would make mouths at him while my father lived give twenty ,  forty ,  fifty ,  a hundred ducats apiece for his picture in little .	1
you look angry .	1
your love says ,  like an honorable gentleman ,  'where is your mother ?	1
very well .	1
eight score eight hours ?	1
were such things here as we do speak about ?	1
who's there ?	1
yes, he is dead.	1
no ,  in truth ,  sir ,  he should not .	1
but it is doubtful yet whether caesar will come forth today or no, for he is superstitious grown of late, quite from the main opinion he held once of fantasy, of dreams and ceremonies.	1
who comes with her?	1
and let me the canakin clink, clink; [sings.	1
they did ,  to the amazement of my eyes ,  that saw it .	1
yes, every man away.	1
cesario is my name—your servant’s name—fair princess .	1
herein i will teach you how you shall bid god to reward us for your pains, and thank us for your trouble.	1
here were the servants of your adversary ,  and yours ,  close fighting ere i did approach .	1
ma'am ,  my master’s coming .	1
you don’t know what you’re doing!	1
lysander ,  whereto tends all this ?	1
here’s more news .	1
but what o' that ?	1
the curfew - bell rang .	1
this is great .	1
what, brutus?	1
well ,  jailer ,  let’s go on; i pray good bassanio comes to see me pay his debt ,  and then i won’t care .	1
and kill your lady, too, who lives in you, by doing damned hate to yourself?	1
welcome then.	1
oh ,  please be true ,  please let it be that this man has mistaken me for you ,  my dear brother !	1
who ,  in this kind of merry fooling ,  am nothing to you; so you may continue and laugh at nothing still .	1
tell him i have moved my lord on his behalf and hope all will be well.	1
there are others who ,  dressed in uniforms and faces of duty ,  that keep their hearts attending on themselves; and ,  throwing only shows of service to their lords ,  thrive well by them ,  and when they have lined their coats ,  do themselves homage .	1
come ,  civil night ,  thou sober - suited matron ,  all in black ,  and learn me how to lose a winning match played for a pair of stainless maidenhoods .	1
gentleness is the only way to go—gently ,  gently .	1
but come what sorrow can ,  it cannot countervail the exchange of joy that one short minute gives me in her sight .	1
he sings at grave -  making .	1
aren’t you lysander ?	1
tell me so i can be satisfied .	1
if you would take the trouble to study the tactics of pompey the great ,  i can tell you that you would find no tittle - tattle or pibble - pabble in pompey’s camp .	1
therefore forbear awhile .	1
be content .	1
he acts like a man in love .	1
the last thing he did before sending me off ,  dear queen ,  was to kiss—the last of many such kisses—this indian pearl for you .	1
go and put on your own armor .	1
what ,  my lord ?	1
you blocks, you stones, you worse than senseless things!	1
do all men kill the things they do not love?	1
what of that ?	1
nay ,  good my lord ,  this courtesy is not of the right breed .	1
and you’ve come at a very happy time to bear my greeting to the senators, and tell them that i can’t come today.	1
my lord ,  i say !	1
are you wise ?	1
monster ,  i will kill this man .	1
who's there ?	1
trouble yourselves no further .	1
oh ,  no .	1
go ahead .  .	1
your father would be a fool to give you all his wealth and spend his declining years as a guest in your house .	1
hold on, take these keys and go get more spices, nurse.	1
then ,  brutus ,  i have really misunderstood your passions ,  which is why this my heart has forgotten thoughts of great value ,  worthy thoughts .	1
then tell me ,  what makes he upon the seas ?	1
i heard him groan .	1
iago has orders on what to do; but, nevertheless, with my own eyes i will look to it myself.	1
no ,  as i shall be saved .	1
fear me not.	1
when i meet this gentleman ,  i’ll tell him what you’ve said .	1
as for myself ,  i didn’t dare laugh ,  for fear of opening my lips and inhaling the stinking air .	1
get out of my sight .	1
in law ,  what plea is so tainted and corrupt that ,  being delivered with a gracious voice ,  obscures the evil underneath ?	1
what's the matter ,  husband ?	1
is rosaline ,  whom thou didst love so dear ,  so soon forsaken ?	1
i don’t think so .	1
if he awakens, he'll fill our skins with pinches from toe to head; turn us into strange stuff.	1
three thousand ducats ,  hmmm .	1
sir ,  amen .	1
for lead ?	1
to his good friends thus wide i'll ope my arms and ,  like the kind life - rendering pelican ,  repast them with my blood .	1
i will set down what comes from her ,  to satisfy my remembrance the more strongly .	1
but what can be done to prevent it ?	1
my deeds on my head !	1
his name is romeo, and a montague; the only son of your great enemy.	1
whether you are a spirit of health or a goblin damned ,  bringing with you airs from heaven or blasts from hell ,  whether your intentions are wicked or charitable ,  you come in such a questionable shape that i will speak to you .	1
nor heaven nor earth have been at peace tonight.	1
this is well .	1
repent and avoid damnation .	1
o child!	1
stay, give me drink.	1
alack the day ,  i know you not ,  young gentleman .	1
it ripens towards it .	1
i have not seen such a firago .	1
it is important that the moor should be more than reason; but if she is less than an honest woman, she is indeed more than i took her for.	1
but either it was different in blood—	1
he says so ,  tranio ?	1
wait ,  don’t stand next to each other .	1
fare thee well .	1
all the perfumes of arabia will not sweeten this little hand .	1
who ever knew the heavens menace so ?	1
were you mad when you spoke to me so madly ?	1
shake it off.	1
now, cinna; now, metellus; what, trebonius, i have an hour's talk in store for you; remember that you call on me today; be near me, that i may remember you.	1
how infinite in faculties!	1
here come two noble beasts in ,  a man and a lion .	1
o, what a thoughtless and bloody deed this is!	1
it was .	1
my uncle !	1
you’ve said it ,  friend ,  and farewell to you .	1
my lord ,  what i say may be a little confused ,  since i’m half asleep and half awake .	1
meet me at the synagogue .	1
you who are so skilled in cursing ,  stay awhile and teach me how to curse my enemies .	1
i beg your	1
i would it might prove the end of his losses!	1
the human mortals want their winter here; blessed hymns and carols are sung every night— the moon that controls the flow of the floods, pale in her anger, washes all the air, but there are still many bad diseases.	1
whenever you’re ready ,  hostess .	1
it’s wrong ,  and i’m starting to realize i’m being cheated !	1
letters ,  my lord ,  from hamlet .	1
she shall not harm thee ,  helena .	1
and i .	1
art thou so bare and full of wretchedness and fearest to die?	1
foh !	1
it is backed like a weasel .	1
i’ll beat him despite his fancy fencing techniques and all the practicing he does ,  despite his youth and manliness .	1
look, love, what envious streaks do lace the severing clouds in yonder east.	1
hold off your hands .	1
victory is with us .	1
go call him hither .	1
do you in conscience think, tell me, emilia, that there are women who abuse their husbands in such a disgusting way?	1
o, still defend me, friends!	1
enter the castle ,  sir .	1
the wine she drinks is made of grapes .	1
what mistress ,  slave ,  hast thou ?	1
will you walk towards him ?	1
hey, hey!	1
know’st thou not any whom corrupting gold will tempt unto a close exploit of death ?	1
such was the very armour he had on when he the ambitious norway combated .	1
marry ,  that can hero !	1
oh ,  that was unbelievably low !	1
rest you happy !	1
swounds, show me what thou'lt do.	1
there’s ne'er a villain dwelling in all denmark but he’s an arrant knave .	1
you must leave this .	1
hum!	1
my lord ,  he is but even now gone hence .	1
why dost thou stay ?	1
he lies not like the living.	1
the bearer of bad news is often blamed for it .	1
what seems sweet to him now will soon turn bitter .	1
if you cut both their throats ,  then you are the absolute best .	1
it was wild insanity to believe promises made by the mouth and not the heart .	1
o, here they come.	1
there is but one hope in it that can do you any good; and that is but a kind of bastard hope neither.	1
sir ,  i cannot .	1
for mine own part, i shall be glad to learn of noble men.	1
foh !	1
he’s got an answer for everything .	1
it goes not forward .	1
good sir, this ring was given me by my wife; and, when she put it on, she made me vow that i should not sell, or give, or lose it.	1
but let this speaking be done now ,  even while men's minds are wild ,  lest more mischance on plots and errors happen .	1
what!	1
but here's a parchment with the seal of caesar , — i found it in his bedroom , —it’s his will .	1
but who comes here ?	1
what ,  ho !	1
is't frailty that thus errs ?	1
whose solid virtue could be neither grazed nor pierced by the shot of accident or dart of fate?	1
the jew shall have my flesh, blood, bones, and all, ere thou shalt lose for me one drop of blood.	1
who ever would have thought it?	1
tis in my memory locked ,  and you yourself shall keep the key of it .	1
what man is that ?	1
more than prince of cats, i can tell you.	1
come hither ,  man .	1
here it is ,  i think .	1
it sounds more like you’re insulting me .	1
i remember.	1
come sit on me .	1
my letters are ready to go .	1
but art not thou thyself giddy with the fashion too ,  that thou hast shifted out of thy tale into telling me of the fashion ?	1
what promise ,  dear ?	1
i have watched ere now all night for lesser cause ,  and ne'er been sick .	1
o ,  is that all ?	1
performing is activity ,  and he is always doing that .	1
i was born and raised less than three hours from here .	1
follow me close, for i will speak to them.	1
if this which he swears does appear, there is no flying from here or wasting time here.	1
therefore, he that cannot lick his fingers won’t come back with me.	1
this is the fool that lent out money gratis .	1
if you did ,  i care not .	1
you know my daughter's at a pretty age .	1
as freely ,  son ,  as god gave her to me .	1
get out of my sight ,  or i’ll give you what you deserve and spoil caesar’s victory .	1
what about you ?	1
thou liest ,  thou shag - ear'd villain !	1
how long is it now to lammastide ?	1
francis flute ,  the bellows - mender .	1
i can’t do that: i accept his ring most thankfully; and please tell him so; furthermore, please show my youth to old shylock's house.	1
as shafalus to procrus ,  i am to you .	1
we’ll see our husbands before they even have a chance to miss us .	1
he is the jewel ,  indeed ,  and gem of the whole nation .	1
no, good lieutenant; i beg you, sir, stop.	1
so we should eat and drink .	1
where is he gone ?	1
their villainy goes against my weak stomach ,  and therefore i must cast it up .	1
the partygoers have arrived .	1
no ,  that would be a pity; i would beg you rather to put on your boldest face of happiness ,  because we have friends that offer merriment .	1
his running away has everything to do with fear and nothing to do with love .	1
now you sound like a man .	1
but since ,   to get back to the matter at hand ,  what do you think of our proposal ?	1
come in and give some help.	1
quickly ,  quickly; fear nothing; i'll be at your elbow .	1
a diamond gone ,  cost me two thousand dollars in frankfort !	1
things have fallen out ,  sir ,  so unluckily that we have had no time to talk to our daughter .	1
that’s good ,  my boy .	1
we haven’t even talked about who’ll be our torchbearers .	1
wouldst thou have that which thou esteem'st the ornament of life and live a coward in thine own esteem ,  letting  “ i dare not ”  wait upon  “ i would ”  like the poor cat i’ the adage ?	1
but please ,  father—the question is still nagging at me—why did you conjure up this storm ?	1
upon what sickness ?	1
never hamlet.	1
most like a gentleman.	1
these tidings would comfort cassius very well .	1
let it be who it is .	1
isn’t he jealous?	1
when they will not give a doit to relieve a lame beggar ,  they will lay out ten to see a dead indian .	1
when duke frederick heard that great ,  worthy men were coming to this forest every day ,  he raised a large army to invade this land and fight his brother .	1
let me deal with this .	1
i fear that your words and your heart are both false .	1
no ,  when lightwing'd toys of feather'd cupid seel with wanton dullness my speculative and officed instruments ,  that my disports corrupt and taint my business ,  let housewives make a skillet of my helm ,  and all indign and base adversities make head against my estimation !	1
bloody ,  bawdy villain !	1
good lord ,  how bright and goodly shines the moon !	1
alas ,  he's crazy !	1
habit has made it a property of easiness in him .	1
here the street is narrow, the throng that follows caesar at the heels, of senators, of praetors, common suitors, will crowd a feeble man almost to death.	1
let me shake your hand ,  salanio .	1
i heard him swear he did .	1
this hand of yours requires a vacation from liberty ,  fasting ,  and prayer ,  much punishment ,  holy exercise ,  because here's a young and sweating devil here that commonly rebels .	1
come with me ,  silvius .	1
or, if his mind be writ, give me his letter.	1
why so ? —ay ,  that way goes the game .	1
not life ,  but love in death !	1
what mean you ,  madam ?	1
such an exploit have i in hand ,  ligarius ,  had you a healthful ear to hear of it .	1
time travels in diverse paces with diverse persons .	1
what do you say then about falconbridge, the young baron of england?	1
o cassio ,  cassio ,  cassio !	1
will you tear impatient answers from my gentle tongue ?	1
me too ,  my lord .	1
fetch desdemona here.	1
i’ll read it to you .	1
i wish my eyes would shut up my thoughts by closing: i think they want to do so.	1
i cannot fly ,  but ,  bearlike ,  i must fight the course .	1
tybalt ,  mercutio ,  the prince has expressly forbidden this fighting in verona streets .	1
patience perforce with wilful choler meeting makes my flesh tremble in their different greeting.	1
he’s not sick ,  my lord ,  but he’s very upset ,  and his problems are serious .	1
no ,  don’t throw any of it away .	1
yes ,  and truly; you had better answer .	1
my thanes and kinsmen ,  henceforth be earls ,  the first that ever scotland in such an honor named .	1
very true; therefore look well for it.	1
my husband say that she was false !	1
no ,  not a bit .	1
in both my eyes he doubly sees himself: in each eye, one:—swear by your double self, and there's an oath of credit.	1
i was the only one who refused to give back what i stole .	1
merciful powers ,  keep away the nightmares that plague me when i rest !	1
i won’t entertain such a bad thought.	1
how answer you for yourselves ?	1
why, as a woodpecker caught in my own trap, osric.	1
here thought they to have done some wanton charm upon this man and miad ,  whose vows are that no bed - right shall be paid till hymen's torch be lighted—but in vain .	1
i love you so much that i’ll send your soul to heaven very soon—if heaven will accept anything from me ,  that is .	1
how should i your true love know from another one?	1
dear lady ,  welcome home .	1
i' faith, i fear it has.	1
so ,  goodbye now ,  because brutus' tongue has almost ended his life's story .	1
what do they in the north when they should serve their sovereign in the west ?	1
what ,  are you answer'd yet ?	1
why ?	1
so please ,  leave me alone now ,  and let the nurse sit up with you this night; for i am sure you have your hands full in this so sudden business .	1
are these spirits we see before us ?	1
you must understand ,  silius ,  that it’s better to leave something undone than achieve too much fame in your superior’s absence .	1
most necessary 'tis that we forget to pay ourselves what to ourselves is debt.	1
twenty crowns ?	1
i have as much of this in art as you ,  but yet my nature could not bear it so .	1
i’ll look at him and try to like him ,  at least if what i see is likable .	1
out ,  alas !	1
i was afraid of this, but i thought he had no weapon; he was great of heart.	1
why didn’t i just adopt a beggar’s child left at my doorstep ,  whose shame and dishonor i could have denied ,  not being its true father ?	1
good night, honest iago.	1
you may hear about it soon .	1
yet calm down.	1
ay me!	1
romeo ,  get out of here .	1
or ,  rather ,  i’ll kill you ,  or i’ll do away with you ,  or i’ll turn your life into death and your freedom into captivity .	1
tomorrow is the joyful day ,  audrey .	1
i am mightily abused .	1
look ,  with a spot i damn him .	1
didn’t you lead him through the glimmering night from perigenia, the girl he had just raped?	1
answer to that .	1
he’s fainted !	1
oh, kiss me through the hole of this vile wall.	1
i was with the heroes hercules and cadmus once ,  when their spartan hunting dogs cornered a bear .	1
he turned away twice and almost left him there .	1
look in upon me then, and speak with me, or, naked as i am, i will assault thee.	1
pardon me ,  a word or two before you go .	1
come ,  sirs .	1
get it ready immediately .	1
in bed with her ?	1
or maybe i’ve got a hankering for a bundle of hay .	1
o bottom, thou art changed!	1
i would i had your bond ,  for i perceive a weak bond holds you .	1
by that kind of logic ,  i should hate orlando ,  since my father hates his father .	1
you told me they escaped into this forest .	1
my dagger ,  little nephew ?	1
my most dear lord!	1
how shall this be done ?	1
what need the bridge much broader than the flood ?	1
how did her eyes come to be so bright ?	1
i come to answer thy best pleasure; be't to fly ,  to swim ,  to dive into the fire ,  to ride on the curled clouds ,  to thy strong bidding task ariel and all his quality hast thou ,  spirit ,  performed to point the tempest that i bade thee ?	1
madam ,  i am not well .	1
cheerly ,  good adam .	1
o sinful thought!	1
that's sickening.	1
if we are like you in the rest ,  we will resemble you in that .	1
here's a change indeed!	1
doth not brutus bootless kneel ?	1
and i was right ,  because where’s your husband now ?	1
separate me from life with your sharp teeth .	1
i beg for justice ,  which thou ,  prince ,  must give .	1
cast thy humble slough ,  ”  says she .	1
can’t you see i’m eating ?	1
i pray thee mark me .	1
of love ?	1
i do believe it, and i ask your pardon.	1
come with me ,  my dear cordelia .	1
to answer your question ,  ma'am—yes ,  he was friendly with those knights .	1
and the right valiant banquo walk'd too late, whom, you may say, if't please you, fleance kill'd, for fleance fled.	1
let’s go to the king .	1
i see .	1
fellow ,  wilt thou bestow thy time with me ?	1
stay, take my hand.	1
ay ,  what of that ?	1
i’ll give my vile body back to the earth .	1
who will advance with me ?	1
i bring thee tidings of the prince's doom.	1
no die ,  but an ace ,  for him; for he is but one .	1
then ,  venom ,  do your work .	1
oh god !	1
was the crown offered him thrice?	1
lend me your hand.	1
descend ,  brother ,  i say .	1
did you come from padua, from bellario?	1
what a poor ,  gullible monster . —that was a nice big gulp ,  monster !	1
we’ll meet at the elephant .	1
to bait fish withal: if it will feed nothing else ,  it will feed my revenge .	1
out ,  out ,  thou strumpet ,  fortune !	1
right this instant ,  i’m going to caesar’s funeral .	1
put this poison into any liquid you want ,  and drink it all; and ,  if you had the strength of twenty men ,  it would kill you right away .	1
the more the pity that some honest neighbors will not make them friends .	1
we shall have a rare letter from him: but you’ll not deliver ’t ?	1
who’s there ?	1
go ,  girl .	1
yet again ?	1
let’s play billiards .	1
trade me for a goat when i shall turn the business of my soul to such puffed up and blown suspicions, matching your suggestion.	1
go ,  tell the prince .	1
was this ambition ?	1
let him come in .	1
i didn’t deny you.	1
why ,  what did i do ?	1
why should you think that i should woo in scorn ?	1
thus with a kiss i die.	1
if it were now to die, 'twere now to be most happy; for i fear my soul hath her content so absolute that not another comfort like to this succeeds in unknown fate.	1
therefore ,  jew ,  though justice be thy plea ,  consider this— that in the course of justice ,  none of us should see salvation: we do pray for mercy; and that same prayer ,  doth teach us all to render the deeds of mercy .	1
why do you keep repeating that ,  woman ?	1
by this sword , — that killed the shah ,  a persian prince ,  that won three battles with sultan solomon , — i would out stare the angriest eyes that look ,  outbrave the most daring heart on the earth ,  pluck the young ,  sucking cubs from their mother ,  yes ,  taunt the lion when he roars for prey ,  to win you ,  lady .	1
break it up .  ”  then he jumped in between them and forced them to put their swords down .	1
let them start the battle immediately because i see only cold appearances in octavius' part of the army ,  and a sudden push will overthrow them .	1
the day is spent .	1
not a word of me .	1
fear not my government.	1
no .	1
what is amiss ?	1
you represented yourself as just a common man .	1
gentlemen ,  let’s go make sure cassio’s wounds are properly dressed . —come on ,  ma'am ,  you can tell us another story .	1
remember you !	1
i won’t keep you very long .	1
you may as well undertake to be hanged .	1
this guy’s wise enough to play the fool ,  and only clever people can do that .	1
i blame you not for praising caesar so; but what compact mean you to have with us?	1
well ,  honor is the subject of my story .	1
he’s really taken this prank to heart .	1
o lord ,  i must laugh .	1
if we cannot defend our country with three times such a power left at home ,  then we deserve to be harassed by an invader and lose our reputation as a powerful and politically savvy nation .	1
who’s that calling so loud ?	1
wait just a minute ,  you brazen hussy .	1
come on—kill me and brag about it !	1
how now !	1
she’s cheating on me ?	1
when my cue comes, call me, and i will answer.	1
like to lysander sometime frame thy tongue ,  then stir demetrius up with bitter wrong; and sometime rail thou like demetrius; and from each other look thou lead them thus ,  till o'er their brows death - counterfeiting sleep with leaden legs and batty wings doth creep .	1
o life!	1
humbly i thank your grace .	1
o young and noble cato ,  art thou down ?	1
despised substance of divinest show!	1
i'll not argue with her, should her body and beauty change my mind again.	1
by my heel ,  i care not .	1
those who can discipline themselves to undertake such a heavenly path for piety are blessed three times; but those who are in a convent to avoid marriage grow, live, and die, in single blessedness.	1
his name is balthazar .	1
your daughter spent in genoa ,  as i heard ,  in one night fourscore ducats .	1
hastings and edward’s children ,  rivers and grey ,  holy king henry and your fine son edward ,  vaughan ,  and all who have died from underhanded ,  corrupt ,  fiendish injustice ,  if your angry souls are witnessing this moment through the clouds ,  enjoy the revenge—laugh at my ruin !	1
the pox of such antic, lisping, affecting fantasticoes—these new tuners of accent!	1
that eyeless head of thine was first framed flesh to raise my fortunes .	1
that is laertes ,  a very noble youth .	1
his daughter and i will be king and queen—save our graces ! —and trinculo and thyself shall be viceroys . —dost thou like the plot ,  trinculo ?	1
signor antonio ?	1
you’ll find us both at crosby place .	1
sir ,  such a life with such a wife is unlikely !	1
you know it is the feast of lupercal.	1
as for your intentions to go back to school in wittenberg ,  leaving here is not something that we want ,  and we beg you to give into remaining here in the happiness and pleasure of our eyes ,  our most important courtier ,  cousin ,  and our son .	1
there is a play tonight before the king .	1
go ahead if you want ,  but remember that crying doesn’t suit a man .	1
i prithee ,  who doth he trot withal ?	1
pray god ,  he keep his oath !	1
wisely, and slowly.	1
done .	1
the same indeed; a very valiant fellow.	1
certainly, my conscience will allow me to run from this jew my master.	1
the will ,  the will !	1
we meant to tell the king that his orders have been carried out ,  and rosencrantz and guildenstern are dead .	1
both, both, my girl.	1
let me shake your hand .	1
tush, tush, 'twill not appear.	1
give me your hand ,  sir .	1
i won’t wrong any of my friends ,  because i don’t have any to mourn for me ,  and i won’t have wronged the world ,  because i don’t have anything in the world .	1
i wish i could give you the little strength that i have .	1
my old brain is troubled .	1
look ,  here are the boxes ,  prince .	1
make us thy ministers of chastisement ,  that we may praise thee in the victory !	1
the time is of such a boring duration.	1
are you so patient that you can let this go?	1
were they not forced with those that should be ours, we might have met them dareful, beard to beard, and beat them backward home.	1
oh ,  brave iago ,  honest and just ,  that hast such noble sense of thy friend’s wrong !	1
a match!	1
this deed will be very welcome to lorenzo .	1
he’s not sick, my lord, unless it’s in his mind; but he’s not well, unless in his mind; his letter there will show you his state of affairs.	1
pleasure and action make the hours seem short .	1
sir toby ,  madam ,  your relative .	1
by heaven ,  you do me wrong .	1
a thousand thousand!	1
carry your master out .	1
you are wel -  come to elsinore .	1
i shall answer for her .	1
murder, indeed, should not be a church activity, because then revenge should have no bounds.	1
for this slave ,  if there be any cunning cruelty that can torment him much and hold him long ,  it shall be his .	1
but now in the division of the kingdom ,  it appears not which of the dukes he values most ,  for equalities are so weighed that curiosity in neither can make choice of either’s moiety .	1
nothing ,  good monsieur ,  but to help cavalery cobweb to scratch .	1
some kinds of lowly activities are done for noble reasons .	1
approach ,  my ariel ,  come .	1
therefore our everlasting farewell take .	1
well ,  the difference of a horse !	1
i wish they had stayed !	1
along with this strange power ,  he also has the gift of prophecy and various other abilities .	1
let me go with you to belmont .	1
my lord ,  when at their home i did commend your highness' letters to them .	1
madam, i swear i use no art at all.	1
you say he dined at home; the goldsmith here denies that saying .	1
by his whimsical bat and his staff and his sandal shoes.	1
so be it!	1
within these three days let me hear thee say that cassio’s not alive .	1
how, sir, how?	1
i evermore did love you ,  hermia ,  did ever keep your counsels ,  never wrong'd you; save that ,  in love unto demetrius ,  i told him of your stealth unto this wood .	1
how far is't call'd to forres ?	1
are you sure of that?	1
letters, my lord, from hamlet.	1
of whence ,  i pray ?	1
this does make some obstruction in the blood ,  this cross - gartering ,  but what of that ?	1
why, that's my dainty ariel!	1
why then ,  your other senses grow imperfect by your eyes' anguish .	1
you knew ,  none so well ,  none so well as you ,  of my daughter's flight .	1
once again you bring good news .	1
my lord shall never rest; i'll watch him calmly ,  and talk him out of patience; his bed shall seem like a school ,  his meals a confessional; i'll intermingle everything he does with cassio's suit .	1
then i will lay the serving - creature's dagger on your head .	1
so do our vulgar drench their peasant limbs in blood of princes ,  and the wounded steeds fret fetlock deep in gore ,  and with wild rage yerk out their armèd heels at their dead masters ,  killing them twice .	1
there’s no scarier wild bird than the living lion ,  and we should remember that .	1
othello's occupation's gone!	1
soldier ,  you must come to the king .	1
alack ,  sir ,  i am sand - blind .	1
i wish to god that the golden crown that i’ll have to wear were red - hot steel and burned me straight through to the brain !	1
madam, not yet.	1
is not parchment made of sheepskins ?	1
i’m not a fighter .	1
take what wife you will to bed ,  i will ever be your head .	1
you will not then?	1
what, rome?	1
how is the world going now ,  sir ?	1
oh ,  fie ,  fie ,  fie !	1
nothing at all.	1
and who is england’s king but great york’s heir ?	1
moron !	1
tis mightiest in the mightiest .	1
where got’st thou that goose look ?	1
that dreamers often lie .	1
the throng that follows caesar at the heels ,  of senators ,  of praetors ,  common suitors ,  will crowd a feeble man almost to death .	1
propose the oath ,  my lord .	1
we are ,  my lord ,  and come to have the warrant that we may be admitted where he is .	1
will his vouchers vouch him no more of his purchases, and double ones too, than the length and breadth of a pair of indentures?	1
what says the golden chest?	1
welcome to cyprus .	1
let me see—what do you think about falling in love ?	1
so is my horse ,  octavius ,  and for that ,  i appoint him keeper of the hay .	1
good master peaseblossom ,  i shall desire you of more acquaintance too . — your name ,  i beseech you ,  sir ?	1
and they have conspired together .	1
show .	1
here ,  catch this casket .	1
now, what my love is, proof hath made you know; and as my love is sized, my fear is so.	1
ride to salisbury .	1
let’s hear what antony can say.	1
i would thou couldst !	1
thou know’st that banquo ,  and his fleance ,  lives .	1
he hasn’t done anything to harm you yet .	1
by heaven i order you ,  speak !	1
did you come from padua ,  from bellario ?	1
follow ”  ?	1
swell ,  bosom ,  with your fury ,  because it is from lavender’s tongues !	1
by his cockle hat and staff and his sandal shoon .	1
where ,  my lord ?	1
see where he looks out of the window .	1
and not a jot of  “ tranio ”  in your mouth .	1
i have .	1
the terms of our estate may not endure hazard so near us as doth hourly grow out of his brows .	1
i will, my lord.	1
tybalt ,  my cousin !	1
i would my father looked but with my eyes .	1
this is the monkey's own rumor .	1
he loves me well ,  and i have given him reasons; send him but hither ,  and i'll fashion him .	1
oh ,  you villain !	1
be not afraid ,  though you do see me weapon'd; here is my journey's end ,  here is my butt and very seamark of my utmost sail .	1
would you like to hear some music ,  my sweet love ?	1
tis call'd the evil: a most miraculous work in this good king, which often, since my here-remain in england, i have seen him do.	1
what did he do when you saw him ?	1
if it be so ,  as ’tis ,  poor lady ,  she were better love a dream .	1
where should we stable our horses ?	1
please, let me bring you where crabs grow; and i will dig you peanuts with my long nails; i’ll show you a bird's nest, and teach you how to catch the nimble monkey; i'll bring you to clustering filbert nuts, and sometimes i'll get you young falcons from the rock.	1
i’ll think about what you’ve said; i’ll patiently hear what you’ve to say ,  and find a time when i can both meet with you to hear and answer such high things .	1
go seek him .	1
will our army cut a swath through the fighting force of france ,  achieving and accomplishing everything i’ve assembled them to do ?	1
what ,  can’t hear me ?	1
if you say ,  i hope you will not kill me .	1
believe then ,  if you please ,  that i can do strange things .	1
give me my sword .	1
no ,  indeed ,  my lord .	1
if  well ,  i’ll just forget the difficulties of my situation ,  in order to focus on the happiness of yours .	1
accurs'd, unhappy, wretched, hateful day!	1
i’ll reward you once for your cheerfulness and ten times for your courage .	1
i pay thy poverty and not thy will .	1
i was told that by one that knows him better than you .	1
i’ll tear her to pieces !	1
i will confess to you that i love him .	1
but what of that?	1
don’t delay ,  caesar; read it instantly .	1
let’s float through the fog and filthy air .	1
for what ,  i pray thee ?	1
i care not if i have .	1
like that .	1
to celebrate a marriage of true love ,  and give a gift to the lovers .	1
tomorrow shall you know our mind at full .	1
who’s that coming over here ?	1
love takes the meaning in love's conference.	1
o, yes, and soundless too, because you’ve stolen their buzzing, antony, and very wisely threaten before you sting.	1
here's cassio hurt by villains.	1
yes, by mary, it is, but to my mind, though i am a native here, and know the customs since birth, it is a custom more honored in the braking it than the observing it.	1
but, hold thee, take this garland on thy brow; thy brutus bid me give it thee, and i will do his bidding.	1
a heavy summons lies like lead upon me ,  and yet i would not sleep .	1
i wish i could work for that lady !	1
take thy forfeiture .	1
what ,  do you shake at that ?	1
now ,  i’ll swear to the opposite—that the pancakes were rotten ,  and the mustard was fine—but even so ,  the knight wasn’t lying .	1
when they choose, they have the wisdom to lose by their senses.	1
no .	1
put money enough in your purse .	1
i wish you had my bones, and i had your news.	1
antony will use his affection where it is .	1
go in with me ,  and i will tell you my drift .	1
beautiful lady, excuse me; i come off to the side, to give and to receive.	1
you’re now within a foot of the cliff’s edge .	1
just like that ,  my lord .	1
let me see her.	1
i’ll make oliver find him .	1
yes; as sparrows are by eagles, or the hare is by the lion.	1
where should we eat?	1
i cannot speak your england .	1
before she began shedding tears all over her lovely face ,  she was the fairest creature in the world—and even now she has no equal .	1
no, nothing but ourselves.	1
i’ll speak a prophecy ere i go .	1
she is damn'd for it .	1
ha !	1
and made your other love, demetrius,— who even just a minute ago spurned me with his foot,— to call me goddess, nymph, divine, and rare, precious, celestial?	1
but silence; here comes thisbe .	1
we have met with foes that strike beside us .	1
isn’t it like the king ?	1
you’re alive .	1
how will you get proof ?	1
will you kill him then ?	1
what we avoid when the mighty gods dictate how things go?	1
why did he so?	1
give you good night .	1
i think you are all mated or stark mad .	1
this fellow's exceedingly honesty ,  and knows all qualities ,  with an educated spirit ,  of human dealings .	1
sailors, sir.	1
the only possible interest i could take in you would be to hit you on the head with a stool ,  paint your face with blood ,  and make a fool out of you .	1
i have no exquisite reason for ’t ,  but i have reason good enough .	1
a commodity in question ,  i warrant you . —come ,  we’ll obey you .	1
go ,  order my goblins that they torment their joints with dry convulsions; shorten up their muscles with long - lasting cramps ,  and make them more spotted with pinches than a leopard ,  or mountain cat .	1
please ,  just look over there .	1
i'll go along ,  not to be shown such a sight ,  but to rejoice in splendor of my own love’s looks .	1
why the hell did you come in between us ?	1
seek thou rather to be hanged in compassing thy joy than to be drowned and go without her.	1
what ,  not a word ?	1
plucks off my beard and blows it in my face ?	1
traverse, go, provide thy money.	1
get out of my sight !	1
fie, my lord, fie!	1
how does my generous sister ?	1
who's there?	1
and will he not come again?	1
i wish my daughter were dead at my foot ,  and the jewels in her ear; i wish she were trained at my feet ,  and the dollars in her coffin !	1
come ,  go with me apart .	1
farewell to you ,  and you ,  and you ,  volumnius .	1
some good man bear him carefully from hence .	1
i wish mine eyes would ,  with themselves ,  shut up my thoughts: i find they are inclined to do so .	1
scarcity and want shall shun you ,  ceres’ blessing so is on you .	1
tell me ,  voltemand ,  what’s the news from the king of norway ?	1
dear maid, kind sister, sweet ophelia!	1
there i shall test, in my speech, how the people takethe cruel actions of these bloody men; once i know that, you shall tell young octavius the state of things.	1
the prayers of saints and those that richard wronged support us like high - walled fortresses .	1
here he comes with your niece .	1
banquo and donalbain !	1
then every soldier kill his prisoners .	1
good father ,  how foolish are our minds !	1
fair katherine ,  and most fair ,  will you vouchsafe to teach a soldier terms such as will enter at a lady’s ear and plead his love suit to her gentle heart ?	1
am i dromio ?	1
you understand me ?	1
well she was ,  good curtis ,  before this frost .	1
dost thou mock me ?	1
he shall have nothing but the penalty .	1
if love is blind ,  love can’t find the spot .	1
i swear on my life that i’m speaking the truth .	1
o, he is even in my mistress’ case, just in her case!	1
i aim'd so near when i suppos'd you lov'd.	1
come here ,  man .	1
i will ,  sir .	1
mere prattle without practice is all his soldiership .	1
ay, my good lord.	1
i’d like to know .	1
i stretch my joke for that word  “ fat .  ”  if you add that word to the word  “ goose ,  ”  it shows that you are a fat goose .	1
reputation is an idle and most false imposition; oft got without merit and lost without deserving.	1
only go at once .	1
now i could, casca, name a man to you that is most like this dreadful night, one that thunders, send lightening, opens graves, and roars, as the lion in the capitol does; a man no mightier in personal action; than you or i, yet he’s grown monstrous, and fearful, just as these strange eruptions are.	1
kind tyrrel ,  am i happy in thy news ?	1
there ,  diomedes ,  there .	1
repent that e’er thy tongue hath so betrayed thine act .	1
soft !	1
i thank you, sir.	1
my lord bassanio gave his ring away to the judge that asked for it, and indeed deserved it too; and then the boy, his clerk, that took some pains in writing, he asked for mine; and neither man nor master would take anything else but the two rings.	1
then fate o'er-rules, that, one man holding troth, a million fail, confounding oath on oath.	1
if you are merciful, open the tomb, lay me with juliet.	1
how will that kill this marriage ?	1
i admit i’m only a woman ,  but nevertheless i’m the woman lord brutus took for his wife .	1
instead of crying ,  let’s keep hold of our swords and defend our fallen homeland like honorable men .	1
i remember .	1
calling death banishment is like cutting off my head with a golden ax and smiling while i’m being murdered .	1
are we all ready?	1
come not near casca .	1
come ,  desdemona ,  i have but an hour of love ,  of worldly matter and direction ,  to spend with thee .	1
go take this shape, and hither come in't: go; hence with diligence!	1
whither should they come?	1
well ,  no ,  not literally .	1
which one of you is beatrice ?	1
wait for me ,  if you dare; because i know well that you are running before me ,  moving from place to place ,  not daring to stand still or look me in the face .	1
i know his heart .	1
with my officer!	1
impudent strumpet !	1
do ,  with like timorous accent and dire yell as when ,  by night and negligence ,  the fire is spied in populous cities .	1
listen ,  listen to what i say: whoever strikes first ,  i’ll run him through with my sword ,  as sure as i’m a soldier .	1
so often as that shall be, so often shall the group of us be called the men that gave their country liberty.	1
is romeo slaughtered ,  and is tybalt dead ?	1
pompey is making the most of our absence .	1
very well.	1
then who took my letter to romeo ?	1
now a noble heart breaks.	1
that is he .	1
i must be one of these same dumb wise men ,  for gratiano never lets me speak .	1
you force me to read the will ,  then ?	1
prithee ,  peace .	1
where be your gibes now?	1
i'll not serve him; he's not valiant .	1
long live she so!	1
that’s true, if the devil may be her judge.	1
i’ll talk with this good fellow .	1
your love says ,  like an honest gentleman ,  and a courteous ,  and a kind ,  and a handsome; and ,  i warrant ,  a virtuous—where is your mother ?	1
let's meet him and greet him.	1
fine ,  ok !	1
have you met with him?	1
when shall he come ?	1
trouble us not .	1
he smiled and said  “ the better for our purpose .  ”  he was in the right ,  and so indeed it is .	1
if he say so ,  may his pernicious soul rot half a grain a day !	1
hold then my sword, and turn away thy face, while i do run upon it.	1
note if your lady strain his entertainment	1
come on .	1
o, give me permission.	1
in him there is a hope of government ,  which ,  in his nonage ,  council under him ,  and ,  in his full and ripened years ,  himself ,  no doubt shall then ,  and till then ,  govern well .	1
seen too early as an unknown, and now known too late!	1
therefore ,  depart ,  and leave him here with me .	1
nature shows art, that through thy bosom makes me see thy heart.	1
i hold the world but as the world, gratiano; a stage, where every man must play a part, and mine a sad one.	1
and how you may be converted i know not ,  but methinks you look with your eyes as other women do .	1
thou are too like the spirit of banquo.	1
ha!	1
hamlet ,  this pearl is your ,  here's to your health .	1
here was a caesar !	1
o ,  give me your hand ,  one written along with me in sour luck's book !	1
shall we sound him ?	1
god pardon him!	1
not one ,  my lord .	1
well ,  then ,  i thank you ,  though i’m such a beggar that even my thanks are not worth much .	1
proclaim no shame when the compulsive passion takes charge, since frost itself burns as well, and reason pimps the will.	1
she could even what ?	1
i do entreat you ,  not a man depart ,  save i alone ,  till antony have spoke .	1
a lovely ,  cunning shore can distract a man from the perils of a stormy sea ,  just as a pretty scarf can hide a dangerous dark - skinned beauty .	1
he ,  sir .	1
they did, to the amazement of my eyes, that saw it.	1
i don’t think any woman like that exists .	1
would none but i might venge my cousin's death !	1
why did i ever have one ?	1
if that your love is honorable ,  your intention marriage ,  send me word tomorrow ,  by one that i'll get to come to you ,  where and what time you will marry me ,  and i’ll lay all my fortunes at your feet ,  and follow you ,  my lord ,  throughout the world .	1
that way antony will feel like he’s fighting his own men .	1
groan?	1
are they good ?	1
we know what’s appropriate for a watch .	1
gentle mercutio ,  put thy rapier up .	1
do these eyes move ?	1
come ,  lady; you must die in order to live .	1
now ,  i swear ,  i’m so angry that i’m shaking all over .	1
here comes oberon .	1
i had it of him .	1
the mighty gods defend you!	1
and that drop, distilled by magic tricks, shall raise such unnatural spirits, that, by the strength of their deception, shall add to his confusion.	1
o ,  pardon me for bringing these ill news ,  since you did leave it for my office ,  sir .	1
we have to be married properly .	1
these times of woe afford no tune to woo.	1
he that is yours ,  sweet lady .	1
i hear a voice that is more shrill than all the music yelling ,   " caesar "  !	1
a fish: he smells like a fish: a very old and fish - like smell; a kind that’s not like the freshest small fish .	1
the human mortals want their winter here; no night is now with hymn or carol blest; therefore the moon ,  the governess of floods ,  pale in her anger ,  washes all the air ,  that rheumatic diseases do abound .	1
we are wicked men ,  all ,  believe none of us .	1
in your bad strokes ,  brutus ,  you give good words .	1
why rail’st thou on thy birth ,  the heaven ,  and earth ?	1
it’s the wind .	1
thou shalt not lose by it .	1
about your years ,  my lord .	1
who is here so base that would be a bondman ?	1
the time is out of joint.	1
the charm dissolves quickly; and as the morning steals on into the night ,  melting the darkness ,  so their rising senses begin to chase the ignorant fumes that cloud their clearer reason . —o good gonzalo !	1
but life itself ,  my wife ,  and all the world are not with me esteemed above thy life .	1
come caesar to the capitol tomorrow?	1
it’s now late at night ,  and actions must accommodate bodily needs ,  which we’ll satisfy with only a short rest .	1
and wilt thou have me ?	1
he has ,  my lord; but be well assured ,  no more than he'll deny .	1
what ,  from myself ?	1
beautiful tyrant!	1
indeed ,  they are out of proportion; my letters say a hundred and seven galleys .	1
and what your highness suffered under that shape ,  i beseech you take it for your own fault and not mine ,  for ,  had you been as i took you for ,  i made no offense .	1
brutus, don’t scold me, i won’t put up with it.	1
oh ,  luciana ,  did he tempt you like that ?	1
they can sit out there until they die of hunger and disease .	1
ha ,  ha !	1
wicked woman ,  these white hairs you’re pulling off my chin will come to life and accuse you of wrong - doing .	1
my good man norfolk ,  hurry to your post .	1
come from thy ward ,  for i can here disarm thee with this stick and make thy weapon drop .	1
a touch ,  a touch ,  i do confess .	1
now .	1
who bare my letter ,  then ,  to romeo ?	1
i am a gentleman of a company .	1
tis hard; almost impossible .	1
must i speak now?	1
if it pleases you ,  your highness ,  will you lead us all inside ?	1
bless the isle of cyprus and our noble general othello !	1
nay ,  but his jesting spirit ,  which is now crept into a lute string and now governed by stops— indeed ,  that tells a heavy tale for him .	1
you have served me well ,  and kings have been your fellows .	1
true and a goose for his secret-keeping.	1
holy saint francis!	1
and what’s her history ?	1
do you see nothing there ?	1
which troupe is it ?	1
will you go hunt ,  my lord ?	1
by heaven ,  it is the same i gave the doctor !	1
maybe she was just naked in bed with him for an hour or so ,  but they didn’t do anything .	1
this visitation is only to sharpen your almost dull purpose.	1
please don’t let his youth be an impediment to giving him the utmost respect, because i never knew so young a body with so old a head.	1
i did not.	1
god forgive me!	1
antonio never yet was thief or pirate ,  though ,  i confess ,  on base and ground enough ,  orsino’s enemy .	1
nobody was hurt in the slightest .	1
i am ready now .	1
yea ,  dost thou jeer and flout me in the teeth ?	1
must i stand and bend under your short - tempered mood ?	1
do not so .	1
be rul'd by me: forget to think of her.	1
i thank you ,  sir .	1
oh ,  that i were a fool !	1
shall i do such a deed?	1
and there’s nothing i can do about it .	1
have you no more to say ?	1
but let me hear the letter from your friend .	1
many a man his life hath sold but my outside to behold .	1
come ,  romeo .	1
we took this chisel - edged pick and this shovel from him as he was coming from this side of the churchyard .	1
what other ceremony ?	1
as from your graves rise up ,  and walk like sprites ,  to countenance this horror !	1
i hear horses .	1
by him that raised me to this careful height from that contented hap which i enjoyed ,  i never did incense his majesty against the duke of clarence ,  but have been an earnest advocate to plead for him .	1
i won’t listen to your pleas or excuses .	1
but how did you desire it should be made ?	1
well ,  honor is the subject of my story .	1
i’ll follow it.	1
i'll go to my book; because still, before supper time, i must complete a lot of business relating to these two.	1
speak ,  i command you .	1
and will you give me permission ?	1
get on your way and hire those horses .	1
old lord ,  i can’t blame you .	1
that you should think we come not to offend ,  but with good will .	1
are they still followed?	1
a diamond gone ,  cost me two thousand ducats in frankfort !	1
yes ,  and don’t let anyone come in ,  or else i’ll break your head .	1
treason and murder ever kept together as two yoke - devils sworn to either’s purpose ,  working so grossly in a natural cause that admiration did not whoop at them .	1
who can impress the forest ,  bid the tree unfix his earth - bound root ?	1
ah ,  juliet ,  if the amount of your joy is heaped up like mine ,  and that your sense of right be more to adorn it with ,  then sweeten this neighboring air with your breath ,  and let rich music's language reveal the imagined happiness that we both receive in this dear meeting .	1
and do you ,  gratiano ,  mean good faith ?	1
cassius ,  be not deceived .	1
carthage ?	1
stop the burial a while ,  until i hold her once more in mine arms .	1
i thank your honour.—for my part, my lord, my purpose was not to have seen you here; but meeting with salerio by the way, he did entreat me, past all saying nay, to come with him along.	1
and like i am for no woman .	1
a just hatched bird runs away with eggshell on his head.	1
look for the news.	1
at this same ancient feast of capulet's sups the fair rosaline whom thou so lov'st; with all the admired beauties of verona .	1
i will, my lord; i pray you pardon me.	1
how sometimes his replies are!	1
adieu .	1
trust me ,  you could slide all the way from my shoulder to my heel taking no more of a running start than the distance between my head and my neck .	1
i have an aunt who is a widow ,  who’s very rich and doesn’t have any children .	1
what do you want to tell me?	1
she deceived her father by marrying you; and when she seemed to shake and fear your looks ,  she loved them most .	1
she's dead.	1
pray you, make haste.	1
military music and military rites will speak for his heroic qualities .	1
now ,  by two - headed janus ,  nature hath fram'd strange fellows in her time: some that will evermore peep through their eyes ,  and laugh ,  like parrots ,  at a bag - piper; and other of such vinegar aspect ,  that they'll not show their teeth in way of smile ,  though nestor swear the jest be laughable .	1
the cess of majesty dies not alone ,  but like a gulf doth draw what's near it with it .	1
why are you wringing your hands?	1
yet thou liest in the bleak air .	1
what did you enact ?	1
you have lost no reputation at all, unless you believe yourself to be such a loser.	1
look, where he is coming!	1
i don’t blame you for praising caesar so; but what agreement do mean you to have with us?	1
you would have made me treat them like a tyrant . —i’m done ,  my lord .	1
get going, get out of here, leave!	1
well ,  first of all ,  my horse is tired and my master and mistress have had a falling out .	1
but ’tis not so .	1
o that i were a glove upon that hand ,  that i might touch that cheek !	1
speak ,  nephew ,  were you by when it began ?	1
or are you any thing that man may question ?	1
then, brutus, i have really misunderstood your passions, which is why this my heart has forgotten thoughts of great value, worthy thoughts.	1
neither ,  my lord .	1
it is not very strange; for my uncle is king of denmark, and those that would make mows at him while my father lived give twenty, forty, fifty, a hundred ducats apiece for his picture in little.	1
and i hope you realized i wasn’t very happy about it .	1
now ,  sweet lord ,  you know the goodness i intend upon you .	1
didn’t he ,  right away ,  in pious rage ,  kill the two delinquents that were the slaves of drink and in the thralls of sleep ?	1
let me stand here till thou remember it.	1
i am .	1
the devil take your soul!	1
o deadly sin!	1
how ?	1
inside the bond of marriage ,  tell me ,  brutus ,  is my knowing secrets that appertain to you an exception to our vows ?	1
mark antony i served ,  who best was worthy best to be served .	1
my young remembrance cannot parallel a fellow to it .	1
i have heard your grace hath ta'en great pains to qualify his rigorous course; but since he stands obdurate ,  and that no lawful means can carry me out of his envy's reach ,  i do oppose my patience to his fury; and am arm'd to suffer ,  with a quietness of spirit ,  the very tyranny and rage of his .	1
man delights not me—no ,  nor woman nei -  ther ,  though by your smiling you seem to say so .	1
a friend!	1
if i may trust what happens while i sleep ,  my dreams predict some joyful news is coming .	1
stay not ,  be gone .	1
please tell your brother what a convincing show i put on .	1
o brave monster !	1
how dare you try to be my friend when you refuse to fight my enemy .	1
nobody come ?	1
whose hand soever launched their tender hearts ,  thy head ,  all indirectly ,  gave direction .	1
i’m so crazy about you !	1
what is the matter here ?	1
if he hadn’t ,  we’d all be embarrassed to look at him .	1
at mine unworthiness that dare not offer what i desire to give, and much less take what i shall die to want.	1
two months since here was a gentleman of normandy— i have seen myself ,  and served against ,  the french ,  and they can well on horseback; but this gallant had witchcraft in't .	1
how are you ,  my gracious sir ?	1
the doors are broke.	1
my lord, the queen wants to speak with you right now.	1
nine or ten times i wanted to stab him under the ribs .	1
help !	1
i’ll ask him for my position back again ,  and he’ll tell me i’m a drunk .	1
this is some minx’s token ,  and i must take out the work ?	1
certain ones ,  then .	1
draw ,  you rogue ,  for though it be night yet the moon shines .	1
usually that means a person is foolish .	1
gentle lady ,  when i did first impart my love to you ,  i freely told you ,  all the wealth i had ran in my veins .	1
don’t grieve that i am doing this for you, because here fortune shows herself more kind than is her habit: it is still her habit to let the wretched man outlive his wealth, to view an age of poverty with hollow eye and wrinkled brow; she cuts me off from the lingering repentance of such misery.	1
o lord ,  they fight !	1
hated potion, get away!	1
your games ?	1
i made no such report .	1
god save the king .	1
o hamlet, you cut my heart in two.	1
didst not thou lead him through the glimmering night from perigouna ,  whom he ravished ?	1
where did you leave him ?	1
younger than you ,  here in verona ,  ladies of esteem ,  are made already mothers .	1
as if that name ,  shot from the deadly level of a gun ,  did murder her ,  as that name’s cursed hand murdered her kinsman .	1
she give it cassio?	1
but truly ,  for mine own part ,  if i were as tedious as a king ,  i could find it in my heart to bestow it all of your worship .	1
any man that can write may answer a letter .	1
it is the cause .	1
yes ,  lady ,  that’s what i said .	1
is it fashionable now for neglected fathers to get so little pity ?	1
my heart is wondrous light, since this same wayward girl is so reclaim'd.	1
a very mean meaning .	1
and neither man nor master would take aught but the two rings .	1
have patience ,  gentle friends ,  i must not read it; it is not meet you know how caesar loved you .	1
be it so ,  lysander .	1
let’s move again ,  my friends .	1
do they hold the same estimation they did when i was in the city ?	1
you don’t know that ?	1
strangle her in her bed ,  even the bed she hath contaminated .	1
pardon ,  i beseech you !	1
you come from heaven ,  don’t you ?	1
what you say may be true, because my face is not mine.	1
no more perchance does mine ,  nor his ,  nor hers .	1
ay ,  those attires are best .	1
the more i pray, the less grace i have.	1
and as you know ,  his connections ,  if he put them to good use ,  might be enough to hurt us all .	1
what ,  in our house ?	1
oh ,  that we now had here but one ten thousand of those men in england that do no work today .	1
what will you do?	1
for you, mistress, save you your labor.	1
i hear thou must ,  and nothing may prorogue it ,  on thursday next be married to this county .	1
i will die bravely ,  like a smug bridegroom .	1
go up ,  go up ,  and see the great destruction's image !	1
but who cares .	1
art thou there ,  diomed ?	1
fear it ,  ophelia .	1
why ,  as a woodpecker caught in my own trap ,  osric .	1
cruel ,  cruel death killed her .	1
i never did offend you in my life; never loved cassio but with such general warranty of heaven as i might love .	1
you’re in a good mood tonight ,  my lord .	1
i am justly killed with my own wickedness.	1
a conduit ,  girl ?	1
it was his bidding; therefore ,  good emilia ,  give me my nightly wearing ,  and adieu .	1
our fears in banquo stick deep ,  and in his royalty of nature reigns that which would be fear'd .	1
but are they, ariel, safe?	1
but with a rearward following tybalt's death ,  ‘romeo is banished’— to speak that word is father ,  mother ,  tybalt ,  romeo ,  juliet ,  all slain ,  all dead .	1
now art thou my lieutenant.	1
gone ?	1
picture the cabin boys climbing around the rigging .	1
oh sisters three, come, come to me, with hands as pale as milk; lay them in gore, since you have shore with shears his thread of silk.	1
no ,  it would be better to speak first and kiss only after you’ve run out of things to say .	1
adieu ,  good queen .	1
look when i vow, i weep; and vows so born, in their nativity all truth appears.	1
thou did promise to bate me a full year .	1
no ,  i will not .	1
i must and will have katherine to my wife .	1
they are full of pity for caesar .	1
it’s still a long time until daybreak .	1
yes ,  very bad .	1
i'll put it on.	1
i'th’ commonwealth i would by contraries execute all things ,  for no kind of traffic would i admit; no name of magistrate; letters should not be known; riches ,  poverty ,  and use of service ,  none; contract ,  succession ,  bourn ,  bound of land ,  tilth ,  vineyard ,  none; no use of metal ,  corn ,  or wine ,  or oil; no occupation; all men idle ,  all; and women too ,  but innocent and pure; no sovereignty— [to antonio] yet he would be king on't .	1
good morning ,  brother bedford .	1
i will do ’t ,  my lord .	1
if i know my own thoughts and desires ,  and i’m not dreaming or crazy—which i’m sure i’m not—then ,  dear uncle ,  i’ve never had so much as a half - formed thought that would have offended you .	1
why ,  then ,  tomorrow night ,  or tuesday morn .	1
and what says my hidden lady to our canceled love?	1
it cannot be called our mother ,  only our grave .	1
you did—not just once or twice ,  but twenty times .	1
am i not stayed for ?	1
mark antony shall say i am not well ,  and ,  for thy humor ,  i will stay at home .	1
this week he hath been heavy ,  sour ,  sad ,  and much different from the man he was .	1
ah ,  he is young ,  and his minority is put unto the trust of richard gloucester ,  a man that loves not me nor none of you .	1
i would speak with clarence ,  and i came hither on my legs .	1
indeed, that is out of the air.	1
thy adversary’s wife doth pray for thee .	1
by mary, sir, nose-painting, sleep, and urine.	1
the king and prince are saying prayers !	1
twere to consider too curiously, to consider so.	1
madam, i wish it may.	1
what is it she does now ?	1
you shall not blame us in your funeral speech ,  but speak all the good that you can imagine about caesar; and say you do it by our permission; or else you won’t have any part at all in his funeral .	1
hail to thee ,  thane of glamis !	1
or is it a grief owned entirely by one person ?	1
gloucester ,  it’s true that we are in great danger .	1
but she has had prayers read for her and is dressed up like a pure virgin ,  with flowers tossed on her grave and the bell tolling for her .	1
he lies to th' heart .	1
tell us what you know about this affair .	1
i’ll catch it ere it come to ground .	1
o, but i fear how lost you each other?	1
my lord bassanio, since you have found antonio, we’ll leave you; but, at dinnertime, please remember where we’re meeting.	1
no ,  cousin ,  i’ll to fife .	1
not one to throw at a dog .	1
i shall answer that better to the commonwealth ,  than you can the getting up of the negro's belly; the moor is with child by you ,  launcelot .	1
too bad about the son !	1
so long?	1
i have nothing to do with thee .	1
go ahead to the square, brutus.	1
it would be a pity to throw them away for nothing ,  but if it’s a matter of choosing between them and a great cause ,  then they’re worthless .	1
what’s that sound ?	1
i heard the owl scream and the crickets cry.	1
it would be bad if she knew about benedick’s love and teased him about it .	1
but come ,  my lord ,  let’s go .	1
but give words a chance .	1
my meaning  and i	1
i can’t say  “ whore .  ”  it makes me sick to say the word even now .	1
died two months ago and not forgotten yet?	1
how comes it ,  michael ,  you are thus forgot ?	1
but i have none .	1
who put out the light ?	1
good night to everyone .	1
doubt thou the stars are fire; doubt that the sun doth move; doubt truth to be a liar; but never doubt i love.	1
is this a prologue, or the posy of a ring?	1
he did comply with his mother’s breast before he sucked it.	1
come on ,  come on ,  you're drunk .	1
do you forget from what a torment i freed you?	1
answer me in one word .	1
it is your music ,  madam ,  of the house .	1
it surprises me as much as my joy to see you here before me .	1
no flattery for him ,  no sir !	1
i’ll remember.	1
haply your eye shall light upon some toy you have desire to purchase ,  and your store ,  i think ,  is not for idle markets ,  sir .	1
and i’ll go there straight to visit him .	1
flies are healthier and more honorable and better suited for romance than romeo .	1
faith ,  i intend to .	1
there is no world without verona walls, only purgatory, torture, hell itself.	1
why do you send so thick ?	1
this may flies do ,  when i from this must fly; they are free men ,  but i am banished .	1
peace be with burgundy .	1
lorenzo, to be sure and my love indeed, because who do love i so much?	1
keep the door .	1
thine eyes ,  sweet lady ,  have infected mine .	1
sola !	1
hear the shrill whistle ,  which doth order give to sounds confused .	1
yes ,  madam ,  twenty different messengers .	1
what name ,  fair lady ?	1
to feed my humor ,  wish thyself no harm .	1
furthermore ,  i pray you show my youth old shylock’s house .	1
adieu .	1
you’re not responsible for my death and my father’s ,  and i’m not responsible for yours .	1
lord alexas ,  sweet alexas ,  most anything alexas ,  almost the most consummate alexas ,  where’s the fortuneteller you recommended so highly to the queen ?	1
shame of ladies ,  sisters !	1
i'll stay no longer question .	1
it cannot be but thou hast murdered him .	1
i’d never do such a bad thing ,  not for the whole world !	1
macbeth is ready to fall, and the powers above show us the way.	1
i hear the news ,  my lord .	1
i'll show thee every fertile inch o'th’ island; and i will kiss thy foot.	1
light a candle in my study, lucius.	1
give me a kiss .	1
likewise ,  our common men lie drenched in the blood of princes ,  and their wounded steeds ,  ankle - deep in gore ,  struggle and ,  raging wildly ,  stamp on their dead masters with their hooves ,  killing them a second time .	1
lovers ,  moan and weep .	1
no ,  nor could the devil’s name be more frightening .	1
i am commanded home .	1
sound ,  trumpet !	1
never, until caesar's thirty-three wounds are well avenged, or until another caesar has added slaughter to the sword of traitors.	1
it would be better to die that way than to die from being mocked ,  which is as bad as being killed by tickling .	1
if your grace would kindly appoint some members of your council to sit with me once more and go over them more carefully ,  i will give my answer and acceptance right away .	1
and even though you were brought up as a gentleman ,  you patiently tolerated more hardships than savages could withstand .	1
with cassio ?	1
look ,  don pedro is returned to seek you .	1
there is siward's son and many unrough youths, that even now protest their first of manhood.	1
these many men then shall die; their names are checked on the list .	1
no .	1
all right .	1
then bid them prepare dinner .	1
o day!	1
where are his arguments now ,  his pens ,  his cases ,  his subpoenas ,  and his tricks ?	1
all hail, macbeth!	1
soft and fair ,  friar . —which is beatrice ?	1
go ,  begone .	1
i doubt not but his friends will turn to us .	1
as far ,  my lord ,  as will fill up the time ’twixt this and supper .	1
and, sister, as the winds will be favorable and the ships are strong to sail, don’t sleep, until you let me hear from you.	1
i don’t have that kind of reputation !	1
turn thy complexion there ,  patience ,  thou young and roselipp'd cherubin ,  ay ,  there ,  look grim as hell !	1
my lord ,  his majesty wanted me to tell you that he’s placed a large bet on you .	1
it is the bright day that brings forth the adder and that craves wary walking.	1
let him command, and to obey shall be in me remorse, what bloody business ever.	1
o dainty duck !	1
pray you, be round with him.	1
noble people don’t answer to peasants !	1
is this a prologue or the posy of a ring ?	1
or i have no observance .	1
longer ,  longer .	1
she’s dead as earth .	1
for your sake, jewel, i am glad at soul i have no other child, because your escape would teach me tyranny, to hang logs on them.	1
sir, for your hurts, myself will be your surgeon.	1
think you my uncle did dissemble ,  grandam ?	1
madam ,  how like you this play ?	1
we'll wait upon you.	1
indeed ,  my lord ,  it is a most absolute and excellent horse .	1
you’re right ,  charmian .	1
my wife !	1
a most courteous exposition .	1
there’s two—a man and a woman .	1
everything we’ve heard is bad .	1
her name, that was as fresh as diana's face, is now as grimy and black as my own face.	1
claudio deserves to be honored ,  and don pedro has rewarded him accordingly .	1
and like i am for ganymede .	1
it was the very day that young hamlet was born—he that is mad, and sent into england.	1
my situation is desperate .	1
for my own part, i’ll be glad to learn from more capable men.	1
gave it a judge's clerk!	1
is there anything inaccurate in that ?	1
oh ,  you are men of stones .	1
you shall not come to them.	1
come hither ,  proculeius .	1
why i descend into this bed of death is partly to behold my lady's face ,  but chiefly to take thence from her dead finger a precious ring—a ring that i must use in dear employment .	1
your preparation for war sounds like something .	1
i beg for justice ,  which you ,  prince ,  must give; romeo killed tybalt .	1
romeo is banished ,  and all the world is nothing if he ever dares to come back to fight for you .	1
is not this true?	1
i’ll go another way to work with him .	1
what does the tyrant ?	1
i grant i am a woman ,  but withal a woman that lord brutus took to wife .	1
with a touch of green in it .	1
ho ,  let the door be locked .	1
well, peace be with you, sir.	1
i will set down what comes from her, to satisfy my remembrance the more strongly.	1
what will all this lead to ?	1
i will.	1
quiet !	1
i heard it not.	1
you all loved him once , —not without reason .	1
sweet remembrancer!	1
wolvish - ravening lamb !	1
she’s very moral .	1
o ,  overcome them with zeal .	1
oh ,  now ,  who will behold the royal captain of this ruined band	1
but he hath chid me hence and threatened me to strike me ,  spurn me—nay ,  to kill me too .	1
to prison ,  until you’re called into court .	1
it is my wretched fortune .	1
i cannot hide what i am .	1
there are rats and thieves and pirates—not to mention storms ,  winds ,  and rocks .	1
good words are better than bad strokes ,  octavius .	1
some good man bear him carefully from hence; i'll fetch the general's surgeon .	1
hie you to church; i must another way ,  to fetch a ladder ,  by the which your love must climb a bird's nest soon when it is dark .	1
why then i think cassio’s an honest man .	1
this disturbed sky is not to walk in .	1
rest, rest, perturbed spirit!	1
i did .	1
thus it remains, and the remainder thus.	1
brother ,  i’m giving you good advice .	1
you’ve won .	1
if cassio lives, he has a daily beauty in his life that makes me ugly; and besides, the moor may disclose me to him; i stand there in great danger; no, he must die.	1
no ,  answer me .	1
no .	1
in truth, i think you wouldn’t.	1
rebellious subjects ,  enemies to peace .	1
thou old unhappy traitor ,  briefly thyself remember .	1
yes, a dozen; and as many to profit as would store the world they played for.	1
you know me well .	1
if any ship put out ,  then straight away .	1
return with her ?	1
good news ,  good news !	1
what would she have ?	1
within these three miles, you can see it coming, i say, a moving grove.	1
may one be pardon'd and retain the offence?	1
come here ,  proculeius .	1
those that with haste will make a mighty fire begin it with weak straws.	1
where is your husband?	1
so listen up ,  princess .	1
the doors are broke .	1
poison ,  i see ,  has been the cause of his death .	1
what are you doing ,  old man ?	1
now art thou romeo .	1
hide, i hear him coming.	1
then have your servants bring him out .	1
o anything of nothing first create !	1
it was a brute part of him to kill so capital a calf there .	1
take this !	1
i’ll give you such reasons for killing him that you’ll feel obliged to snuff him out .	1
the date is out of such prolixity .	1
they say he cried out of sack .	1
the great contention of the sea and skies parted our fellowship—   but ,  hark !	1
where are all the rest?	1
come, wait upon him; lead him to my bower.	1
caesar resents me ,  but he loves brutus .	1
how can i avoid committing a sin, unless the husband that heaven sent me dies?	1
the heavens forbid but that our loves and comforts should increase, even as our days do grow!	1
i beg you, hurry.	1
wherein hath caesar thus deserved your loves?	1
what is your name?	1
you were kneeled to and importuned otherwise by all of us ,  and the fair soul herself weighed between loathness and obedience ,  at which end o' th' beam should bow .	1
remain thou still in darkness .	1
is this your speeding ?	1
please ,  we will stand here and wait for your instructions .	1
what though he love your hermia ?	1
i believe your honor is thinking of a character called soto .	1
i pray you give me leave .	1
i mean when i wore it at your daughter’s wedding .	1
it’s me ,  a friend ,  and one that knows you well .	1
besides ,  you’ve gotten unreliable .	1
o ,  full of scorpions is my mind ,  dear wife !	1
here ,  catch this casket; it is worth the pains .	1
dear son ,  you’re alive !	1
michael, good night.	1
don’t you hear it ring ?	1
let life be short ,  else shame will be too long .	1
if they deny to come ,  swinge me them soundly forth unto their husbands .	1
who goes there ,  ha ?	1
what did you say to me ?	1
ah ,  that good kent— he said it would be thus ,  poor banished man .	1
and of the heat of the ginger .	1
here's our chief guest.	1
sir toby will be sworn that i am no fox ,  but he will not pass his word for two pence that you are no fool .	1
hello ,  sir .	1
my papers ,  it is just that i set it all down ,  that one may smile ,  and smile ,  and be a villain ,  at least ,  i am sure ,  it may be so in denmark .	1
turn right at the next turn ,  but at the following turn ,  turn left .	1
where is antony?	1
go on .	1
your husband knew about everything .	1
don’t let that lawyer ever come near my house !	1
you always slip out of the argument like this .	1
squabbling ?	1
these corpses suggest mayhem .	1
but like i said ,  on the night of lammas eve ,  she will be fourteen .	1
fear him not ,  caesar; he's not dangerous; he is a noble roman and well given .	1
tis hot ,  it smokes .	1
he mustn’t go to prison .	1
if fulvia were the last woman on earth ,  there would be a reason to grieve .	1
you should be able to endure this because the world is broad and wide .	1
if you continue treating hermia so badly ,  you’ll pay for it .	1
o, come in, emilia.	1
if that will not suffice ,  i will be bound to pay it ten times o'er ,  on forfeit of my hands ,  my head ,  my heart .	1
don’t i have reason ,  hags that you are ,  impudent and overbold ?	1
my wife!	1
why, even in that was heaven good to me.	1
okay ,  but please not before me .	1
what’s your name ?	1
vouchsafe ,  defused infection of a man ,  of these known evils but to give me leave by circumstance to curse thy cursèd self .	1
hadst thou thy wits, and didst persuade revenge, it could not move thus.	1
i told him you were asleep .	1
i’m ready now .	1
if he steals anything the while this play is going on ,  and he escapes detection ,  i will pay for the theft .	1
get out of here quickly !	1
but until that time, i receive your offered love like love, and won’t do it wrong.	1
hast thou not dropped from heaven ?	1
now near enough; your leavy screens throw down ,  and show like those you are .	1
bring me to octavius .	1
nay ,  i think it is scurvy ,  and begin to find myself fopped in it .	1
we are very sorry for’t .	1
banquo and donalbain ,  malcolm !	1
i am no pilot; yet, wert thou as far as that vast shore wash'd with the farthest sea, i would adventure for such merchandise.	1
but please ,  tell me the worst thing that could happen to me if i refuse to marry demetrius .	1
well ,  my good lord ,  i have informed them so .	1
if mortuaries and our graves must send those that we bury back, our tombs shall be the stomachs of birds.	1
i’ll hound him .	1
yes ,  certainly .	1
commend me to lord william .	1
if i weren’t forbidden to tell you the secrets of	1
come here ,  good volumnius .	1
i have been in such a pickle since i saw you last that ,  i fear me ,  will never out of my bones .	1
how can you blame her ,  a tender young maiden still given to virgin blushes ,  for objecting to having a blind ,  naked boy appear before her ?	1
in faith ,  hath not the world one man but he will wear his cap with suspicion ?	1
what is going on between you ?	1
was this ambition ?	1
just tell his faults so quaintly that they may seem to be the stains of freedom, the flash and outbreak of a fiery mind, a savageness in wild blood, an attack that everyone goes through.	1
by mary, farewell!	1
what think you on't?	1
tell me ,  laertes ,  why are you so angry like this ?	1
and thus thy fall hath left a kind of blot to mark the full - fraught man and best endued with some suspicion .	1
it is so too .	1
what’s going on ,  my lord ?	1
do you make fun of me ?	1
yes, it does.	1
who are you ?	1
o, she was heavenly true!	1
upon the platform ,  'twixt eleven and twelve ,  i'll visit you .	1
the word is too good to represent her wickedness .	1
marry ,  god defend his grace should say us nay !	1
you do impeach your modesty too much to leave the city and commit yourself into the hands of one that loves you not; to trust the opportunity of night ,  and the ill counsel of a desert place ,  with the rich worth of your virginity .	1
but there is no end ,  absolutely none ,  to my sexual desires .	1
if i were brutus now and brutus were me ,  i wouldn’t have let him influence me .	1
no ,  let’s not swear an oath .	1
and i missed yours.	1
we hear our bloody cousins are bestow'd in england and in ireland, not confessing their cruel parricide, filling their hearers with strange invention.	1
and this .	1
we’ll leave you here .	1
if you do not ,  if i be left alone ,  now ,  by mine honor—which is yet mine own— i’ll have that doctor for my bedfellow .	1
you, merchant, have you anything to say?	1
and for thy life let justice be accus'd .	1
then must i think you would not have it so .	1
cassio, how did you come by that handkerchief that was my wife's?	1
silence bestows that virtue on it ,  madam .	1
i’m killing myself with this provocative speculation  .   .   .	1
isn’t every living thing condemning her ?	1
montano and myself being in speech, there comes a fellow crying out for help, and cassio following him with determined sword, to execute upon him.	1
i will be angry .	1
he look should look that way with so many strange things to say .	1
i am required by oath to observe three things: first, never to tell anyone which chest i chose; next, if i fail to choose the right chest, i will never court a maid to marry for my whole life; lastly, if i do fail in choosing the right chest, i will leave you immediately and be gone.	1
i almost feel you .	1
i do not ,  till you practice them on me .	1
yes ,  you did .	1
is there no offence in't ?	1
there's something in his soul o'er which his melancholy sits on brood; and i do doubt the hatch and the disclose will be some danger; which for to prevent ,  i have in quick determination thus set it down: he shall with speed to england for the demand of our neglected tribute .	1
i'll touch my point with this contagion ,  that ,  if i gall him slightly ,  it may be death .	1
faith, i intend to.	1
his virtue is not hidden .	1
i think we know whose fancy handwriting that was .	1
let’s follow him .	1
go to ,  farewell .	1
shake !  ”  quoth the dovehouse .	1
stay, then.	1
dispute it like a man .	1
o ,  i have bought the mansion of a love ,  but i have not moved in ,  and ,  though i am sold ,  i have not yet been enjoyed .	1
he may show what outward courage he will ,  but i believe ,  as cold a night as ’tis ,  he could wish himself in thames up to the neck; and so i would he were ,  and i by him ,  at all adventures ,  so we were quit here .	1
i want to forget what i am .	1
our general put us early like this for the love of his desdemona ,  whom we won’t blame .	1
i know this quality in you ,  brutus—it’s as familiar to me as your face .	1
why ,  so .	1
what are you thinking ?	1
if we do meet again ,  why ,  we shall smile .	1
i have been with your father and given him notice that the duke of cornwall and regan his duchess will be here with him this night .	1
i fear the trust othello puts him in, because at some odd time of his infirmity, he will shake this island.	1
antony ”  was divided between her heart and lips .	1
dead ?	1
sir ,  for your hurts ,  i myself will be your surgeon .	1
don’t hurt me ,  please .	1
how poor are they that have not patience !	1
i think that one of them is still around here ,  and cannot make a getaway .	1
tweaks me by the nose?	1
o woeful day!	1
even what it please my lord that shall become him .	1
so may the outward shows be least themselves; the world is still deceiv'd with ornament.	1
no ,  follow him now ,  before he divulges the prank and ruins everything .	1
read on this book ,  that show of such an exercise may colour your loneliness .	1
write all this	1
and what will happen if i don’t ?	1
what sorrow craves to know me at my hand, that i don’t know yet?	1
you have said now.	1
why ,  whither shall we go ?	1
oh ,  sad day !	1
your honor is most welcome .	1
a pox of drowning thyself !	1
good morrow ,  both .	1
is't frailty that thus errs?	1
my resolution and my hands i’ll trust ,  none about caesar .	1
if that his majesty would aught with us, we shall express our duty in his eye; and let him know so.	1
these are ugly antics .	1
i shall grow jealous of you shortly ,  launcelot ,  if you thus get my wife into corners .	1
as i am an honest man, i thought you had received some bodily wound; there is more sense in that than in reputation.	1
give me your hand; conduct me to mine host.	1
the fool hath planted in his memory an army of good words; and i do know a many fools, that stand in better place, garnish'd like him, that for a tricksy word defy the matter.	1
i will rather seek to be despised than to deceive so good a commander with so slight ,  so drunken ,  and so indiscreet an officer .	1
did cicero say anything ?	1
well ,  more anon .	1
i have brought you from venice .	1
never king of england had nobles richer ,  and more loyal subjects ,  whose hearts have left their bodies here in england and lie pavilioned in the fields of france .	1
the sun for sorrow will not show his head .	1
since he went into france i have been in continual practice .	1
should i have answered caius cassius if he asked me ?	1
nor our strong sorrow ready to be revealed.	1
sport royal ,  i warrant you .	1
farewell the plumèd troops and the big wars that makes ambition virtue !	1
within a month ,  ere yet the salt of most unrighteous tears had left the flushing in her gallèd eyes ,  she married .	1
indeed ,  she gives a very good testimony of the snake’s power .	1
come, we'll get some sleep.	1
who of my people hold him in delay ?	1
here's some good stuff!	1
don’t move ,  dog .	1
what villain touched his body ,  that did stab ,  and not for justice ?	1
they say there’s but five upon this isle .	1
well ,  good - bye ,  portia .	1
go ,  prepare for dinner .	1
you shall not stir out of your house today .	1
look, he meditates.	1
speak ,  if you can .	1
and when that time comes ,  afflict me with thy mocks ,  pity me not ,  as till that time i shall not pity thee .	1
your flashes of laughter that always make the audience roar?	1
the fool hath planted in his memory an army of good words; and i do know a many fools ,  that stand in better place ,  garnish'd like him ,  that for a tricksy word defy the matter .	1
i will bring you thither .	1
romeo shall thank you ,  daughter ,  for us both .	1
they swore that you were almost sick for me .	1
well, well; but, for mine own part, as i have set up my rest to run away, so i will not rest till i have run some ground.	1
o my brother's child!	1
heaven keep the monster from othello’s mind !	1
he’d really be your proxy if he married you .	1
sometime a horse i’ll be ,  sometime a hound ,  a hog ,  a headless bear ,  sometime a fire .	1
now to that name my courage prove my title !	1
i am your spaniel; and ,  demetrius ,  the more you beat me ,  i will fawn on you .	1
bring me no more reports .	1
if not ,  the fates are on the side of the traitors .	1
i should have been a sore one then .	1
i haven’t seen anything.	1
alas ,  poor wretch !	1
it looks like you’ve offended it .	1
why ,  sweet othello—   i have not deserved this .	1
how strangely?	1
why ,  how now ,  monsieur ?	1
i was afraid of this ,  but i thought he had no weapon; he was great of heart .	1
fore god, an excellent song.	1
the duke and senators of venice greet you.	1
okay ,  now i’m dead .	1
come ,  come ,  nerissa ,  because i long to see quick cupid's messenger that comes so politely .	1
will you marry us here ,  under this tree ,  or should we follow you to your chapel ?	1
lucius !	1
tybalt ,  the reason that i have to love you does excuse very much the rage that is appropriate for such a greeting .	1
we’ll burn his body in the holy place ,  and with the brands fire the traitors' houses .	1
would i might but ever see that man !	1
i told him what i thought ,  and told no more than what he found himself was apt and true .	1
the moor says the man you hurt is very important in cyprus ,  and that under the circumstances he has no choice but to refuse to reinstate you .	1
yes ,  and my father .	1
now he goes, with no less confidence, but with much more love, than young alcides went to redeem the sacrifice of young women made by howling troy to the sea-monster: i stand for sacrifice; the rest aloof are the dardanian wives, with tear-stained faces coming out to view the outcome of the event.	1
listen !	1
heaven and thy thoughts are witness that thou art .	1
whip me ,  ye devils ,  from the possession of this heavenly sight !	1
the king is a thing ,  a thing ,  my lord !	1
o ,  blood ,  iago ,  blood !	1
can’t you somehow use your dissatisfaction to your own advantage ?	1
who heard me do that ?	1
they sit chatting by the parlor fire .	1
good day ,  lieutenant bardolph .	1
have you heard of them?	1
help !	1
my honored lord !	1
these are but wild and whirling words ,  my lord .	1
say that i lingered with you at your shop to see the making of her carcanet ,  and that tomorrow you will bring it home .	1
i’ve almost missed the time he requested .	1
i’m sorry you don’t have time . —antonio ,  give this gentleman a reward .	1
madam, you have made me speechless, only my blood in my veins speaks to you, and i am so confused just as there appears buzzing among a happy crowd after a well given speech by a beloved prince; where every piece, blended together, turns to something wild, expressed and not expressed, except for joy.	1
conquer ,  crush ,  conclude ,  and kill !	1
in bed asleep, while they do dream things true.	1
the fee simple ?	1
receive all the blessings of a happy father .	1
o thou invisible spirit of wine, if thou hast no name to be known by, let us call thee devil!	1
i must be idle.	1
my eyes itch; does that predict tears ?	1
tis true ,  my brother’s daughter’s queen of tunis ,  so is she heir of naples ,  ’twixt which regions there is some space .	1
madam .	1
truly ,  young gentlemen ,  though there was no great matter in the ditty ,  yet the note was very untunable .	1
you look pale and gaze and put on fear and cast yourself in wonder, to see the strange impatience of the heavens.	1
if they do this ,  as ,  if god please ,  they shall ,  my ransom then will soon be levied .	1
her eye in heaven would through the airy region stream so bright that birds would sing and think it were not night .	1
what judgment shall i dread ,  doing no wrong ?	1
and some have greatness thrust upon them .  ”  heaven help you !	1
if we’re all pork - eaters ,  we won’t be able to get our hands on a slice of bacon ,  even if we’ve got the money for it .	1
i remember .	1
my master is standing out in the street !	1
and then ?	1
no ,  my cousin ,  don’t wish that even one man who is now in england were here instead .	1
lucius ,  wake up !	1
thus it is, general.	1
why, well.	1
and here’s regan ,  whose grotesque face betrays her twisted heart .	1
i swear by jupiter i’ll never revoke this punishment .	1
o, but she'll keep her word.	1
a kinder gentleman treads not the earth .	1
is he talking nonsense ?	1
how will we pass the time without some entertainment ?	1
relent ?	1
sit down ,  clitus .	1
no, my noble lord, it is not for you.	1
no ,  but ask my opinion too about that .	1
soldier ,  you are .	1
the question is ,  how would being king change him ?	1
mother ,  for love of grace ,  lay not that flattering unction to your soul that not your trespass but my madness speaks .	1
you hear the charges .	1
how if ,  when i am laid into the tomb ,  i wake before the time that romeo come to redeem me ?	1
here comes another group looking for you .	1
i’ve stayed up with you for two nights now ,  and i haven’t seen any evidence of what you were talking about .	1
ho ,  ho ,  ho !	1
why, what art thou?	1
i have ordered you not to hang around my doors; in honest plainness, you have heard me say my daughter is not for you, and now, in madness, being full of supper and drunk, you come, out of maliciousness to interrupt my sleep.	1
away !	1
the street is narrow here .	1
if she comes in, she'll surely speak to my wife.	1
show!	1
he does ,  because he asked antonius to send word to you that he would be there tomorrow .	1
let him bless thee too .	1
i have as much of our father in me as you do ,  though i admit you’re closer to him and matter more because you’re older .	1
to ,  to ,  to— to murder me ?	1
be quiet ,  you mumbling fool !	1
i will say it for you.	1
i could translate between you and your love ,  if i could see the toys flirting .	1
i had rather be a dog ,  and bay the moon ,  than such a roman .	1
it is almost morning ,  and yet i am sure you are not satisfied of these events at full .	1
thirsty sorrow drinks our blood .	1
my brave spirit!	1
robin, take off this head.	1
mark antony shall say i am not well ,  and for thy humor i will stay at home .	1
oh portia ,  these are some of the worst words that ever stained a piece of paper .	1
i know a lady in venice who’d walk all the way to palestine for a kiss from him .	1
good morning, father!	1
what news ?	1
into a thousand that i have forgotten .	1
blister'd be thy tongue for such a wish!	1
not a word .	1
how chance thou art returned so soon ?	1
come ,  therefore ,  and to thasos send his body .	1
with demetrius .	1
i will not fail!	1
put out the light ,  and then put out the light .	1
now he tells how she plucked him to my chamber .	1
welcome to rome .	1
you the like loss ?	1
here's romeo's man .	1
set fire !	1
i'll follow it.	1
i make the laws ,  not you .	1
read .	1
capulet ,  you villain !	1
tush ,  tush ,  man ,  never fleer and jest at me .	1
they are natural .  ”  for i believe they are portentous things unto the climate that they point upon .	1
i have as much of this skill as you, but still i couldn’t bear such new like that.	1
a south-west blow on ye and blister you all o'er!	1
you are wel- come to elsinore.	1
leave me, iago.	1
yea, art thou there?	1
if it’s bad ,  why has it given me promise of success ,  that began with a truth ?	1
tybalt is dead ,  and romeo banished . ’ that ‘banished , ’ that one word ‘banished , ’ hath slain ten thousand tybalts .	1
i do not well know ,  my lord .	1
but let your fair eyes and gentle wishes go with me to my trial ,  wherein ,  if i be foiled ,  there is but one shamed that was never gracious; if killed ,  but one dead that was willing to be so .	1
addicted so and so . — ”  and there put on him what forgeries you please .	1
so did i yours .	1
it is the quality o'th’ climate.	1
wert thou not banishèd on pain of death ?	1
but why ,  why ,  why ?	1
let it come down .	1
come, friends.	1
and, for your life, let justice be blamed.	1
are you wise?	1
shall i hear from you anon ?	1
if the turkish fleet is not sheltered and in a bay ,  they are drowned; it is impossible to wait it out .	1
if there are any ,  speak ,  for it is he whom i’ve offended .	1
i had my father’s signet ring in my pocket ,  with the royal seal of denmark on it .	1
a day as black as this has never been seen !	1
that death is unnatural that kills for loving .	1
i humbly thank you; well, well, well.	1
tis banquo’s then .	1
i’ve botched the job ,  friends .	1
this isn’t a good moment for jokes—save them till a happier time .	1
why, antony.	1
i hope it works out for the best ,  lepidus .	1
the best news is that we have safely found our king and company: the next ,  our ship , — which only three hours ago was wrecked ,  we thought— is water - tight and ready ,  and bravely rigged as when we first put out to sea .	1
not this hour, lieutenant; 'tis not yet ten o' the clock.	1
either to die or to swear to avoid the society of men forever.	1
here is a letter ,  lady ,  the paper is like the body of my friend ,  and every word in it ,  a gaping wound bleeding heavily .	1
the crow doth sing as sweetly as the lark, when neither is attended; and, i think, the nightingale, if she should sing by day, when every goose is cackling, would be thought no better a musician than the wren.	1
she is banished .	1
very gladly .	1
alas, poor country, almost afraid to know itself!	1
a piece of work that will make sick men whole .	1
my ever - gentle cousin ,  welcome here .	1
no ,  cousin ,  i'd rather cry .	1
i’m as commanding as she is proud ,  and when two raging fires meet ,  they end up consuming the very thing that kindled them .	1
now ,  truly ,  gratiano ,  you give your wife a cause for grief that is very unkind; if it was given to me ,  i should be angry about it .	1
because ,  sir ,  it is as sure as you are roderigo ,  were i the moor ,  i would not be iago .	1
tranio ,  let’s go .	1
didst thou dream, lucius, that thou so criedst out?	1
what hour now?	1
for ever, and for ever, farewell, cassius!	1
what’s the matter ?	1
lady !	1
why is my lord enraged against his love ?	1
i’ll try to calm him down for you if i can .	1
what man dot you dig it for?	1
but come on ,  inconsistent young man ,  come with me .	1
only one word with one of us ?	1
my lord ,  i hold my life as dear as you do yours ,  and never in my days ,  i do protest ,  was it so precious to me as ’tis now .	1
free ,  madam ,  no .	1
the thane of fife had a wife; where is she now ?	1
conrade ,  i say !	1
methinks there is much reason in his sayings.	1
that’s definitely true ,  my lord .	1
i know i ought to obey my husband ,  but not now .	1
i am for it ,  lieutenant ,  and i’ll do you justice .	1
silver!	1
and you ,  sir .	1
never was monarch better feared and loved than is your majesty .	1
a fine ship ,  with some good people in it ,  i’m sure ,  smashed to pieces .	1
i am dying ,  egypt ,  dying .	1
where is the beauteous majesty of denmark?	1
now let thy friendly hand put strength enough to ’t .	1
find it!	1
for this same lord ,  i do repent; but heaven hath pleas'd it so ,  to punish me with this ,  and this with me ,  that i must be their scourge and minister .	1
thus from my lips ,  by thine ,  my sin is purged .	1
i don’t think you’ve got much of a reason to love me .	1
i say ‘silver sound’ because musicians sound for silver.	1
go one ,  and call the jew into the court .	1
why ,  this is an arrant counterfeit rascal .	1
your dinner ,  and the generous islanders by you invited ,  do attend your presence .	1
i am a spirit of no common rate; the summer still doth tend upon my state; and i do love thee; therefore ,  go with me .	1
bleed, bleed, poor country!	1
o hated potion ,  hence !	1
some two months hence up higher toward the north he first presents his fire ,  and the high east stands as the capitol ,  directly here .	1
believe me for mine honor ,  and have respect to mine honor that you may believe .	1
well met here .	1
tyrant ,  show your face !	1
hurry up, hurry up!.	1
it’s this servantlike mentality that’s keeping you unmarried .	1
what shall i say ?	1
good romeo, hide yourself.	1
yes, desdemona.	1
why ,  that's my delicate ariel !	1
renounce it, sight!	1
my dear son is too familiar with such sour company .	1
what a blunt fellow he’s turned out to be !	1
no, marry.	1
we’ll wait upon your lordship .	1
hear the noble antony .	1
oh ,  oh ,  oh !	1
the thief gone with so much, and so much to find the thief; and no satisfaction, no revenge; or only bad luck stirring and sits on my shoulders; no sighs except the ones i’m breathing; no tears except the ones i’m shedding.	1
what's this to my lysander ?	1
come ,  gentlemen ,  let us consult upon tomorrow’s business into my tent .	1
and you ,  gratiano ,  are you sincere ?	1
no ,  make it two more; let it be written in eight and eight .	1
within the bond of marriage, tell me, brutus, is it excepted i should know no secrets that appertain to you?	1
did you go to bed so late ,  my friend ,  that you’re having a hard time getting up now ?	1
you have been hotly call'd for; when, being not at your lodging to be found, the senate hath sent about three quests to search you out.	1
let’s say goodbye to him .	1
vouchsafe good morrow from a feeble tongue.	1
you shall do small respect ,  show too bold malice against the grace and person of my master ,  stocking his messenger .	1
i won’t forget.	1
no then ,  let the devil wear black ,  for i’ll have a suit of black fur .	1
since my beauty no longer pleases my husband ,  i’ll weep away what’s left and then die with weeping .	1
there you are lucky .	1
so said ,  so done ,  is well .	1
alas ,  she has been too long exiled from france ,  whose crops all lie in heaps ,  rotting with ripeness .	1
watch out ,  boy—remember i can whip you .	1
and like i am for ganymede .	1
if your messenger can’t find him there, look for him in the other place yourself.	1
what is his name ?	1
we’ll put a leash on this danger that’s now running wild .	1
mine and my father's death come not upon thee ,  nor thine on me !	1
i wish you could face your bad news like a man !	1
you say you are a better soldier .	1
now he denies it faintly ,  and laughs it out .	1
i owe you much; and, like a wilful youth, that which i owe is lost: but if you please to shoot another arrow that self way which you did shoot the first, i do not doubt, as i will watch the aim, or to find both, or bring your latter hazard back again, and thankfully rest debtor for the first.	1
ancient ,  conduct them; you best know the place .	1
good mr .  mustardseed ,  i know you very well .	1
do that good mischief which may make this island thine own for ever, and i, thy caliban, for aye thy foot-licker.	1
please don’t mock me ,  fellow - student .	1
no ,  nor mine now .	1
am i like such a fellow ?	1
if you did, i don’t care.	1
what are you ?	1
to him will i .	1
i have some rights of memory in this kingdom ,  which now ,  to claim my vantage doth invite me .	1
where are thy two sons ?	1
what, goodman boy?	1
o proud death, what feast is toward in thine eternal cell that thou so many princes at a shot so bloodily hast struck?	1
why, she’s inside.	1
to me it is a prison .	1
yes ,  i should know ,  but it disturbs me .	1
what's the matter?	1
don’t say that—unless you want to be one of my friends .	1
whoe'er he be that in this foul proceeding hath thus beguiled your daughter of herself and you of her ,  the bloody book of law you shall yourself read in the bitter letter ,  after your own sense ,  yea ,  though our proper son stood in your action .	1
where is he now ?	1
sojourn in mantua .	1
go, do what i have told you.	1
a holy day shall this be kept hereafter .	1
they met me in the day of success ,  and i have learned by the perfectest report ,  they have more in them than mortal knowledge .	1
and so say i .	1
give me your neaf ,  monsieur mustardseed .	1
and hell chew on his bones!	1
is your man secret ?	1
ay ,  sir ,  all this is so .	1
divinity of hell!	1
you shall not blame us in your funeral speech, but speak all the good that you can imagine about caesar; and say you do it by our permission; or else you won’t have any part at all in his funeral.	1
that ,  methinks ,  is strange .	1
and yet ,  to say the truth ,  reason and love keep little company together nowadays .	1
i think the best sign of intelligence will soon be silence ,  and talking will only be a good thing for parrots to do .	1
let’s not consort with them .	1
what ,  wouldst thou have a serpent sting thee twice ?	1
dear bassanio ,  my ships have all been wrecked .	1
he had a fever when he was in spain ,  and ,  when the fit was on him ,  i noticed how he shook .	1
i’ve already told you quite plainly that my daughter will never marry you .	1
most royal sir ,  fleance has escaped .	1
i’ll meet you there in an hour .	1
your mother’s name has become a threat to her own children .	1
when the sun sets ,  the air drizzles dew ,  but for the funeral of my brother's son it pours rain .	1
and what’s he then that says i play the villain ?	1
why ,  what’s the matter ?	1
grieve not that i am fallen to this for you; for herein fortune shows herself more kind than is her custom: it is still her use ,  to let the wretched man out - live his wealth ,  to view with hollow eye ,  and wrinkled brow ,  an age of poverty; from which lingering penance of such misery doth she cut me off .	1
come with me ,  i’ll show you ,  and along the way ,  you can tell me where you live .	1
why ,  why is this ?	1
tell him there's a letter arrived from my master with his horn full of good news; my master will be here before morning .	1
no, truly, sir; not a penny.	1
now ,  by the world— it’s full of your ugly wrongdoings .	1
you are very welcome ,  sir .	1
play ,  trumpets !	1
what would you ask ,  laertes ?	1
since your woes are only a portion of mine ,  i have every reason to surpass your lamentations and drown out your cries with my own .	1
i’ll get me to a place more void ,  and there speak to great caesar as he comes along .	1
why do we wrap the gentleman in our more rare breath?	1
no ,  don’t press so close to me; stand a bit away .	1
your tale, sir, would cure deafness.	1
when devils are about to commit their biggest sins they put on their most heavenly faces ,  just like i’m doing now .	1
tis e'en so.	1
she is unfortunate ,  indeed deranged .	1
it’s not craziness that i have spoken .	1
who's there?	1
alas the day !	1
quick, quick, i pray thee, draw the curtain straight; the prince of arragon hath ta'en his oath, and comes to his election presently.	1
all may be well.	1
there's enough wood inside.	1
i humbly thank you, well, well, well.	1
romeo ,  come here; come here ,  you fearful man .	1
how easy is it ,  then !	1
or are you aught that man may question ?	1
you wake up to have fun ,  and you start work when you go to bed .	1
you envy my advancement ,  and my friends' .	1
is brutus sick ?	1
marry ,  that am i and my partner .	1
take it easy; he shall see my face no more; lysander and i are going to leave this place quickly.	1
by heaven ,  thy madness shall be paid by weight ,  till our scale turn the beam .	1
poor knave ,  i blame thee not ,  thou art o'erwatch'd .	1
if you bethink yourself of any crime unreconciled as yet to heaven and grace, solicit for it straight.	1
were you with rosaline?	1
well ,  it’s a fault i wouldn’t trade for your best virtue .	1
then the jew must show you mercy .	1
o treacherous villains!	1
let’s follow it ,  and after do our work .	1
then shall we find tomorrow they have only stomachs to eat and none to fight .	1
why did you leave me alone so unkindly ?	1
speak you so gently ?	1
let’s take leave of him .	1
not a word .	1
no way but this, killing myself, to die on a kiss.	1
i love you all the more for not liking it .	1
his soldiers fell to spoil ,  whilst we by antony are all enclosed .	1
why do you keep to yourself ,  making the worst imaginings your companions ,  thinking those thoughts which should indeed have died with the dead ones you’re thinking about ?	1
whatever has already been done can’t be undone now .	1
here let them lie until famine and the plague eat them up .	1
the saddle maker has it ,  sir—i didn’t keep it .	1
sir ,  by your patience: if i heard you rightly ,  the duke hath put on a religious life and thrown into neglect the pompous court .	1
why should he stay ,  whom love doth press to go ?	1
why ,  this' a heavy chance ’twixt him and you ,  your ancient ,  trusty ,  pleasant servant grumio .	1
the voice kept crying ,   “ sleep no more !  ”  to everyone in the house .	1
yes, sooth; and so do you.	1
the treacherous weapon is right in your hand ,  sharp and dipped in poison .	1
no more!	1
there’s warrant in that theft which steals itself when there’s no mercy left .	1
and let the wise man fly .	1
she speaks .	1
and so near will i be that your best friends shall wish i had been further.	1
so hath my lord dared him to single fight .	1
let’s carve him up like a dish fit for the gods ,  not chop him up like a carcass fit for dogs .	1
lady ,  shall i lie in your lap ?	1
while i stood spellbound ,  messengers from the king arrived and greeted me as the thane of cawdor ,  which is precisely how the weird sisters had saluted me before calling me ’the future king !	1
i’ll leave you now to chatter and gossip like an old woman .	1
then hurry up and tell me what you want .	1
yes ,  god be praised ,  i have managed to earn his favor .	1
he is defiled that draws a sword on thee .	1
look after my goods and possessions .	1
farewell ,  lady .	1
i’m launcelot ,  who was your boy ,  is your son ,  and will be your child .	1
do you know where we may catch her and the moor ?	1
we have been praying for our husbands' welfare ,  which speed ,  we hope ,  the better for our words .	1
madam, they are not yet; but there is come a messenger before, to signify their coming.	1
this is a stem of that victorious stock ,  and let us fear the native mightiness and fate of him .	1
we all stand up against the spirit of caesar ,  and in the spirit of men there is no blood .	1
let that be the latest, and be on time.	1
clerk, draw a deed of gift.	1
what, ho, brabantio!	1
lend thy hand and pluck my magic garment from me .	1
ho ,  now you strike like the blind man .	1
here at the door; i beg you, call them in.	1
may sweet repose and rest come to your heart such as that is within my breast!	1
they bore him barefac'd on the bier (hey non nony, nony, hey nony) and on his grave rain'd many a tear.	1
o ,  break ,  my heart !	1
do you want to sink ?	1
i now perceive it was not altogether your brother’s evil disposition made him seek his death ,  but a provoking merit set awork by a reprovable badness in himself .	1
you most lying slave ,  whom beatings may move ,  not kindness !	1
away ,  go !	1
you are banished away from verona.	1
as sweet repose and rest come to thy heart as that within my breast!	1
neither ,  my lord .	1
but before they reached us–let me say no more !	1
i told you, sir, they were red-hot with drinking; so fun of valour that they smote the air for breathing in their faces, beat the ground for kissing of their feet; yet always bending towards their project.	1
truly ,  and i hold ambition of so airy and light a quality that it is but a shadow's shadow .	1
evermore show'ring ?	1
reborn .	1
i’m begging you ,  good mercutio ,  let’s call it a day .	1
banquo!	1
it’s leaping about like a frisky horse .	1
what devil was it that trick you like this with a blindfold ?	1
go ahead; yell with frightening accent and distress as when a fire is seen in big cities at night and by accident.	1
oh !	1
let’s look in his pockets .	1
o most bloody sight !	1
we’ll hear the will .	1
i escaped upon a butt of sack which the sailors heaved o'erboard—by this bottle, which i made of the bark of a tree with mine own hands since i was cast ashore.	1
in the secret parts of fortune?	1
hail to thee, thane of glamis!	1
think upon what hath chanced, and at more time, the interim having weigh'd it, let us speak our free hearts each to other.	1
you want me to copy the embroidery pattern ?	1
now we'll fight together, and the chance of goodness will like our necessary quarrel!	1
romeo is banish'd; and all the world to nothing that he dares ne'er come back to challenge you; or if he do, it needs must be by stealth.	1
le chien est retourné à son propre vomissement ,  et la truie lavée au bourbier .  ”  thou mak’st use of anything .	1
i’ll watch the play .	1
if she should break the moment now !	1
she’s been dead for some time .	1
if sanctimony and a frail vow betwixt an erring barbarian and supersubtle venetian be not too hard for my wits and all the tribe of hell ,  thou shalt enjoy her .	1
stop ,  even if only to kill me .	1
o, it is most sweet, when you can kill two birds with one stone.	1
the glowworm shows the matin to be near ,  and 'gins to pale his uneffectual fire .	1
neither ,  my lord .	1
ourselves we do not owe .	1
three thousand ducats, for three months, and antonio bound.	1
what had he done to make him fly the land?	1
what shall we hear of this?	1
peace ,  this piece of toasted cheese will do ’t .	1
she is not worth thee ,  then .	1
hail .	1
i wish you had my bones ,  and i had your news .	1
do not abuse me .	1
what ?	1
i swear ,  lamond .	1
how do you mean, removing of him?	1
what, shall i groan and tell thee?	1
then if he says he loves you, it fits your wisdom so far to believe it as he in his particular act and place may give his saying deed; which is no further than the main voice of denmark goes withal.	1
farewell, for i must leave you.	1
i charge thee, speak!	1
nerissa, cheer yon stranger; bid her welcome.	1
we’re very sorry ,  sir ,  that you may not live to wear us out with your commands .	1
listen ,  signor bassanio ,  there’s nothing to worry about .	1
no .	1
all is but toys .	1
ah ,  dear ,  if that is true ,  let heaven make poisonous hail grow from my heart ,  and let the first hailstone drop down my throat .	1
what news can you tell me in this fast - moving ,  unsteady state of ours ?	1
who ,  me ,  my lord ?	1
o thou othello ,  that wert once so good ,  what shall be said to thee ?	1
i swear— —each actor arrived on his ass .	1
i grant indeed it hath not appeared, and your suspicion is not without wit and judgement.	1
a dear happiness to women .	1
i have been feasting with mine enemy ,  where on a sudden one hath wounded me that's by me wounded .	1
she’s the reason i’m here .	1
shylock, although i don’t lend or borrow by taking or by giving excess money, still, to supply the urgent wants of my friend, i'll break a custom.	1
come, come, how you talk.	1
why ,  “ one fair daughter ,  and no more ,  the which he loved passing well .  ”  still harping on my daughter .	1
sweet desdemona !	1
go ,  go ,  you answer me with wickedness .	1
rise up as you would from your graves, and walk like spirits to see this horror!	1
go down, because you must be carry my torch.	1
you heard her say it herself it wasn’t i.	1
the count sent me an excellent pair of perfumed gloves .	1
by heaven, i'll make a ghost of him that lets me.	1
no ,  thy words are too precious to be cast away upon curs .	1
it is a highwrought flood; i cannot ,  'twixt the heaven and the main ,  descry a sail .	1
my dearest coz ,  i pray you school yourself .	1
there’s no need to be ,  really ,  for—  you’re my teacher ,  so i must believe you .	1
romeo ,  come forth .	1
go, but do it.	1
now they are my men .	1
i doubt not of his temperance .	1
give us a light there ,  ho !	1
edward plantagenet ,  why are you dead ?	1
it is silliness to live when to live is torment; and then we have a prescription to die when death is our physician .	1
and ,  you know ,  his means ,  if he improve them ,  may well stretch so far as to annoy us all; which to prevent ,  let antony and caesar fall together .	1
why is that cauldron sinking ?	1
let me see ,  let me see; isn’t the page turned down where i left reading ?	1
lead the way .	1
she doesn’t dare lie near this lack-love, this kill-courtesy.	1
from this time forward, i’ll never speak word.	1
out ,  out ,  brief candle !	1
how does my wife?	1
fare thee well ,  lord .	1
by isis ,  i will give thee bloody teeth if thou with caesar paragon again my man of men .	1
men must not walk too late.	1
my lord sebastian, the truth you speak lacks some gentleness and proper timing; you rub the wound, when you should bring the band-aid.	1
if this be known, cassius or caesar never shall turn back, for i will slay myself.	1
what ,  you look merrily .	1
thank you kindly .	1
was it a man ?	1
here in the tent.	1
will you come to bed ,  my lord ?	1
i could do more to help antony ,  but to do so would insult him .	1
this balanced justice returns the ingredients of the gold cup we poisoned to our own lips.	1
all other devils who tempt people to treason patch together some motive ,  put together from shreds	1
if this hadn’t been a gentlewoman ,  she should have been buried without a christian burial .	1
oh ,  heaven help us !	1
ay ,  mistress ,  and petruchio is the master ,  that teacheth tricks eleven and twenty long to tame a shrew and charm her chattering tongue .	1
she for an edward weeps ,  and so do i; i for a clarence weep; so doth not she .	1
it is othello's pleasure, our noble and valiant general, that upon certain tidings now arrived, importing the mere perdition of the turkish fleet, every man put himself into triumph; some to dance, some to make bonfires, each man to what sport and revels his addiction leads him; for besides these beneficial news, it is the celebration of his nuptial.	1
my lord ,  what’s wrong with you ?	1
mr. antonio!	1
aren’t you moved ,  when the entire earth is shaking uncontrollably ?	1
thou villain capulet !	1
yes ,  it is .	1
she will not put up with loving language nor tolerate loving looks, nor does she care if a guy is rich.	1
give me your hand.	1
spread thy close curtain ,  love - performing night ,  that runaway eyes may wink ,  and romeo leap to these arms untalk'd of and unseen .	1
therefore be doubledamn'd; swear thou art honest.	1
no .	1
here comes his body ,  mourned by mark antony ,  who ,  though he had no part in the killing ,  will benefit from his death—receiving a share in the commonwealth ,  as you all will .	1
oh ,  by no means .	1
because, even if you only shine your grey light one time, i'll find demetrius, and revenge this spite.	1
how stand i then ,  that have a father kill'd ,  a mother stain'd ,  excitements of my reason and my blood ,  and let all sleep ,  while to my shame i see the imminent death of twenty thousand men that for a fantasy and trick of fame go to their graves like beds ,  fight for a plot whereon the numbers cannot try the cause ,  which is not tomb enough and continent to hide the slain ?	1
forth of my heart those charms, thine eyes, are blotted; thy bed, lust-stain'd shall with lust's blood be spotted.	1
did you call?	1
you won’t find any cause for anxiety ,  even if you look for one .	1
i was born free as caesar .	1
then you can hear my news ,  as dessert .	1
then ,  to answer every man briefly ,  wisely ,  and truthfully—wisely i say ,  i am a bachelor .	1
to insult and judge are different things, and of opposite natures.	1
run to the capitol ,  and nothing else ?	1
did you not speak to it ?	1
the duke in council !	1
of it own color too .	1
will you hear some music, my sweet love?	1
what would you write about me, if you should praise me?	1
bid her have good heart .	1
the british forces are on their way here .	1
went he hence now?	1
let us be satisfied !	1
starveling!	1
o come ,  ventidius .	1
i do not in position distinctly speak of her; though i may fear, her will, recoiling to her better judgement, may fall to match you with her country forms, and happily repent.	1
o, you will speak again of banishment.	1
my lord bassanio ,  and my gentle lady ,  i wish you all the joy that you can wish; for i am sure you can wish none from me: and ,  when your honours mean to solemnize the bargain of your faith ,  i do beseech you ,  even at that time i may be married too .	1
what committed .	1
why, he drinks your dane dead drunk easily; he doesn’t even sweat to defeat your german; he makes your hollander vomit before the next round can be poured.	1
ready ,  if it pleases your grace .	1
we would not die in that man’s company that fears his fellowship to die with us .	1
i see you surrounded by the finest nobles in the kingdom that speak my greetings by their thoughts ,  whose voices i want to hear loudly with mine: hail ,  king of scotland !	1
that’s why they say love is a child .	1
do you see that cloud over there that's almost in shape of a camel?	1
why does he speak this to me whom he hates?	1
nay ,  i pray you let me go .	1
how dangerous is it that this man goes loose!	1
definitely a tailor ,  sir .	1
bring him silently .	1
let me entreat you .	1
and i will not beg for more .	1
have patience and endure .	1
my words would bounce her to my sweet love ,  and his words would bounce her back to me .	1
give them hefty meals of beef and iron and steel ,  and they will eat like wolves and fight like devils .	1
it’s a bad time for such an injury .	1
madam, what should i do?	1
mantua .	1
spirit ,  we have to get ready to meet with caliban .	1
let me choose; for ,  as i am ,  i live upon the rack .	1
i do not know .	1
therefore, pardon me, and not attribute this surrender to light love, which the dark night has discovered.	1
i say my prayers aloud .	1
and yet i would not be thee ,  nuncle .	1
it is a monstrous birth of love to me ,  that i must love a loathéd enemy .	1
rosencrantz and guildenstern hold their course for england .	1
you’ve wronged caius ligarius .	1
all ,  all .	1
shall rome ,  &amp;c .  speak ,  strike ,  redress !  ”   “ brutus ,  thou sleep'st: awake !  ”  such instigations have been often dropp'd where i have took them up .	1
what will you do with't ,  that you have been so earnest to have me filch it ?	1
i wish she were as lying a gossip in that as ever knapped ginger or made her neighbors believe she wept for the death of a third husband.	1
haply some poison yet doth hang on them to make me die with a restorative .	1
cough them up .	1
have you heard any news of impending battle ?	1
what's the matter, lieutenant?	1
he wished that our undertaking today might thrive.	1
o woful time !	1
no.	1
dead, desdemon!	1
i won’t miss a chance to send you my greetings, love.	1
more light and light it grows .	1
humble as i am ,  i represent antony .	1
i say, to buy his favour, i extend this friendship; if he will take it, so; if not, adieu; and, for my love, i pray you wrong me not.	1
lepidus flatters both ,  of both is flattered ,  but he neither loves ,  nor either cares for him .	1
thanks for letting me go .	1
the larger part ,  the main body of cavalry ,  are coming with cassius .	1
so to them both .	1
good gentlemen ,  he hath much talk'd of you ,  and sure i am two men there are not living to whom he more adheres .	1
as the indifferent children of the earth .	1
what manner of man ?	1
yes ,  i’ll wipe my mind clean of all trivial facts and memories and preserve only your commandment there .	1
damn her !	1
no .	1
it’s him !	1
but thou art not quickly moved to strike .	1
a was the first that ever bore arms .	1
would i might but ever see that man!	1
there’s one at the gate .	1
and thus a while the fit will work on him .	1
i see that you are poor .	1
i will give him some relief if it be but for that .	1
they say there's only five on this island; we’re three of them; if the other two are brained like us, the state shakes.	1
macbeth .	1
sir, i will answer any thing.	1
brother, i'll go and bring it thee.	1
answer every man directly .	1
stop ,  sir toby !	1
caesar, all hail!	1
one word more shall make me chide thee, if not hate thee.	1
are you laughing at what i say ,  as if i were a fool ?	1
the table's full.	1
truthfully ,  my name is cinna .	1
where’s my knave ,  my fool ? —go you ,  and call my fool hither .	1
if you are a devil, i cannot kill you.	1
then the liars and swearers are fools; for there are liars and swearers enough to beat the honest men and hang up them .	1
god forbid !	1
what did popilius lena say?	1
some god direct my judgment !	1
if thou dost i shall never love thee after .	1
i do beseech you, give him leave to go.	1
what should such fellows as i do crawling between earth and heaven ?	1
they must lie there.	1
i didn’t give her any ring .	1
you’ve said it well .	1
this lion is a very fox for his valour .	1
too cruel any where .	1
will they stop working when their voices mature ?	1
oh ,  it’s too terrible .	1
e'en so ,  my lord .	1
for god's love ,  let me hear what you have to say .	1
cousin hamlet, you know the wager?	1
i mean ,  sir ,  in delaying our entrance ,  we waste our lights in vain ,  like lamps by day .	1
what good could they claim ?	1
i’d give half my dowry to keep anything bad from happening to him .	1
i think it be thine indeed, for thou liest in't.	1
ay, madam, from the reach of these my hands.	1
revenge .	1
come ,  come ,  no longer will i be a fool ,  to put the finger in the eye and weep whilst man and master laugh my woes to scorn .	1
won’t you be patient?	1
there’s plenty of time .	1
o caesar ,  read mine first ,  for mine’s a suit that touches caesar nearer .	1
muffle me ,  night ,  a while .	1
you can’t talk about something that you don’t feel .	1
and i see you survived your time in egypt .	1
come on ,  i' god’s name ,  once more toward our father’s .	1
you’re wasting your efforts .	1
be large in mirth .	1
i don’t know .	1
probably because my cheeks' roses needed rain ,  which i could easily give them with all the tears in my eyes .	1
o, damn you, slanderer!	1
i’ve been poisoned .	1
what should we do ?	1
you’ll find beatrice there ,  talking to claudio and the prince .	1
show him and make him grieve .	1
o!	1
farewell .	1
heavens protect him from these beasts!	1
i warrant your honour.	1
yes ,  making a big fuss .	1
your children shall be kings .	1
isn’t she down so late ,  or up so early ?	1
what mean’st thou ,  that thou help’st me not ?	1
farewell.	1
oh heavens !	1
are not you moved, when all the sway of earth shakes like a thing unfirm?	1
i am bound to your niece ,  sir .	1
whither is he going ?	1
nay ,  i am sure it is ,  volumnius .	1
head to foot now is he total gules, horridly trick'd with blood of fathers, mothers, daughters, sons.	1
go seek the traitor gloucester .	1
no .	1
pray you ,  lead on .	1
it shall be done ,  my lord .	1
i’m going far enough that i’ll be riding from now until dinner .	1
have you prayed tonight, desdemona?	1
come in, without there!	1
listen to me me ,  good brother .	1
to ireland ,  i .	1
for shame ,  you lazy loafer !	1
i’m tired of this moon .	1
come now!	1
a most poor credulous monster . —well drawn ,  monster ,  in good sooth !	1
oh ,  ho !	1
it cannot be .	1
pray you sit still .	1
now ,  my lord constable ?	1
what trade ,  thou knave ?	1
follow !	1
thanks ,  guildenstern and gentle rosencrantz .	1
not shine today ?	1
is he man enough at this point to face off with tybalt ?	1
it is backed like a weasel .	1
are not you he ?	1
believe what?	1
by jacob’s staff ,  i swear ,  i have no mind of feasting forth tonight .	1
you can decide that privately .	1
no master, sir, only a poor man's son; his father, although i say it, is an honest, exceedingly poor man, and, thank god, well enough to live.	1
that you must teach me.	1
i pray you all ,  stand up .	1
therefore my age is as a lusty winter ,  frosty but kindly .	1
wake up and see yourself .	1
i am maim'd forever.	1
let her live to join our kingdoms and our hearts ,  and never fly off our loves again !	1
save you ,  friend cassio !	1
i won’t break this promise .	1
o, fear me not!	1
tomorrow shall you bear our full intent back to our brother england .	1
who lies i’ the second chamber?	1
and by how much she strives to do him good she shall undo her credit with the moor .	1
i'll prove you wrong, or else die trying.	1
how can you test them like that ?	1
i’m ready and waiting . —give me your hand ,  bassanio .	1
how now, ophelia?	1
supper is done ,  and we shall come too late .	1
my good lord, be quiet.	1
if i die before you, i beg you, shroud me in one of those same sheets.	1
i am true to my intentions; they follow the king's pleasure .	1
why may not that be the skull of a lawyer ?	1
as good a gentleman as the emperor .	1
i wish some god could help me choose !	1
and when you get married ,  i hope i can be married at the same time .	1
by cheshu ,  he will maintain his argument as well as any military man in the world in the disciplines of the pristine wars of the romans .	1
but ,  look !	1
no ,  my dearest love ,  i wouldn’t cheat you for the whole world .	1
beware the thane of fife .	1
i know i’m going to die.	1
you’ve stunned him .	1
weren’t you ordered ,  on penalty of— why dover ? —let him answer that question first .	1
the next day i explained all this to him ,  which was as good as begging his pardon .	1
as i did stand my watch upon the hill, i look'd toward birnam, and anon, methought, the wood began to move.	1
those that are good manners at the court are as ridiculous in the country as the behavior of the country is most mockable at the court .	1
god, we are her privates.	1
twenty crowns .	1
we come here to help you and you treat us like thugs ,  but you let an african horse climb all over your daughter .	1
you can’t have anything but the penalty ,  to be taken at your peril ,  jew .	1
the duke in council ?	1
i’d prefer to keep my mistress rather than some lame horse .	1
we’ll get married at some point ,  audrey .	1
it should seem then, that dobbin's tail grows backward: i am sure he had more hair of his tail, than i have of my face, when i last saw him.	1
good night ,  honest iago .	1
helena ,  it’s not true .	1
o flesh ,  flesh ,  you’ve turned pale and weak like a fish .	1
what news from genoa ?	1
not mad, but bound more than a madman is; shut up in prison, kept without my food, whipp'd and tormented and– god-eve, good fellow.	1
go you to him from me .	1
and these she interprets for warnings and portents and imminent evil ,  and on her knee ,  has begged me to stay home today .	1
for if the sun breeds maggots in a dead dog, being a god-kissing rotten flesh— have you a daughter?	1
it’s almost morning .	1
my soul is full of discord and dismay.	1
how all occasions do inform against me and spur my dull revenge!	1
you told me they snuck into this forest, and i’m here and wander within this forest, because i cannot meet hermia.	1
the jewels you have had from me to deliver desdemona would half have corrupted a votaress .	1
but i have none.	1
how ,  my lord ,  i may be censured ,  that nature thus gives way to loyalty ,  something fears me to think of .	1
as waggish boys in game themselves forswear ,  so the boy love is perjured everywhere; for ere demetrius look'd on hermia's eyne ,  he hail'd down oaths that he was only mine; and when this hail some heat from hermia felt ,  so he dissolv'd ,  and showers of oaths did melt .	1
the level meadow ,  where the freckled cowslip ,  burnet ,  and green clover once grew ,  has become useless: unmowed ,  it grows to seed ,  so that nothing springs up but weeds ,  rough thistles ,  barren plants ,  and burs .	1
do not torment me .	1
shall we not ?	1
i will get peter quince to write a ballad of this dream.	1
my lord, i take my leave.	1
hey!	1
she shall be buried by her antony .	1
hold off your hands.	1
remember who commended thy yellow stockings— ”  thy yellow stockings ?	1
well ,  i’m sorry for your niece .	1
i’ll be assured that i may; and, that i may be assured, i will think it over.	1
tell me ,  my good friend ,  what is that light over there ?	1
i’m amazed you’re still talking ,  signior benedick .	1
let me see his face .	1
have you ever slept before while such a terrible deed was done ?	1
sings .	1
how is it ,  michael ,  that you have forgotten yourself ?	1
and so ,  my words and thoughts will be at odds .	1
cassio ,  walk hereabout .	1
go, philostrate, stir up the athenian youth to merriments; awake the pert and nimble spirit of mirth; turn melancholy forth to funerals; the pale companion is not for our pomp.	1
no ,  my lord ,  not me .	1
oh ,  beware ,  my lord ,  of jealousy !	1
he receives comfort like cold porridge.	1
and can you by no drift of conference get from him why he puts on this confusion ,  grating so harshly all his days of quiet with turbulent and dangerous lunacy ?	1
this fellow doth not stand upon points .	1
this is the truth, or let benvolio die.	1
into my grave .	1
give me your hand .	1
crown him that ,  and then i grant we put a sting in him that at his will he may do danger with .	1
if he be not born to be hanged ,  our case is miserable .	1
i know him well .	1
love - news ,  in faith .	1
how can these things in me seem like ridicule to you, when my tears prove them to be true?	1
do you smell a fault ?	1
friends ,  come hither .	1
thou hast mistaken quite ,  and laid the love - juice on some true - love's sight .	1
he pretended that everything was fine until the moment they were exchanging vows ,  and then—with public accusation ,  blatant slander ,  pure hatred—oh god ,  if only i were a man !	1
who ,  being more than sand - blind ,  high - gravel blind ,  knows me not: i will try confusions with him .	1
shall i not then be stifled in the vault, to whose foul mouth no healthsome air breathes in, and there die strangled ere my romeo comes?	1
so ,  jew ,  though justice is your plea ,  consider this ,  that if we all got justice ,  none of us would see salvation; we pray for mercy ,  and that same prayer teaches us all to do the deeds of mercy .	1
go ,  get thee hence .	1
and its tears are wet .	1
i’ll call on you before you go to bed, and tell you what i know.	1
then ,  window ,  let day in ,  and let life out .	1
i’ll get her ,  but i won’t keep her long .	1
i’ll have no halves .	1
that's not an office for a friend ,  my lord .	1
one of these three chests contains her heavenly picture .	1
you are now only fallen in his mood ,  a punishment more in policy than in malice; even as some one would beat his defenseless dog to scare an imperious lion .	1
less in your knowledge and your grace you show not than our earth’s wonder ,  more than earth divine .	1
this is not yet an alexandrian feast .	1
come, for england!	1
herein i teach you how you shall bid god ’ild us for your pains, and thank us for your trouble.	1
no more .	1
nay ,  you need not fear us ,  lorenzo .	1
my father… i think i see my father .	1
in his bosom ?	1
by god's sonties, 'twill be a hard way to hit.	1
there were none fine but adam ,  rafe ,  and gregory .	1
my master’s mind .	1
o sir ,  to wilful men ,  the injuries that they themselves procure must be their schoolmasters .	1
if haply you my father do suspect an instrument of this your calling back, lay not your blame on me.	1
one word ,  sir .	1
a fish: he smells like a fish: a very old and fish-like smell; a kind that’s not like the freshest small fish.	1
to every roman citizen he gives seventy-five dollars each.	1
i will, my hermia.	1
suppose th' ambassador from the french comes back ,  tells harry that the king doth offer him	1
look ,  here she comes !	1
what have i kept back ?	1
the taper burneth in your closet ,  sir .	1
find a time to speak with don pedro and claudio alone .	1
alack, i had forgotten.	1
what of that?	1
how can these things in me seem scorn to you ,  bearing the badge of faith ,  to prove them true ?	1
come, sir, i am for you.	1
so help me every spirit sanctified, as i have spoken for you all my best and stood within the blank of his displeasure for my free speech!	1
the king hath note of all that they intend ,  by interception which they dream not of .	1
you’re going to lose this bet ,  my lord .	1
tonight i’ll mourn with hero .	1
do you bite your thumb at us ,  sir ?	1
go you down that way towards the capitol; this way will i .  disrobe the images ,  if you do find them deck'd with ceremonies .	1
yes ,  demetrius has my approval; and everything i own i will leave to him; and she is mine; and all my rights concerning her ,  i leave to demetrius .	1
he’s arrived .	1
i am to blame to be thus waited for .	1
o cassius ,  far from this country pindarus shall run ,  where never roman shall take note of him .	1
therefore another prologue must tell he is not a lion .	1
who's there?	1
haven’t you ,  boy ?	1
alas ,  iago ,  what shall i do to win my lord again ?	1
a customer !	1
speak but one rhyme ,  and i am satisfied .	1
come your ways .	1
do i look like a cudgel or a hovel - post ,  a staff or a prop ?	1
if you nod ,  you’ll break your harp; i'll take it from you ,  and ,  good boy ,  good night .	1
he is drowned whom thus we stray to find ,  and the sea mocks our frustrate search on land .	1
thou still hast been the father of good news .	1
ok!	1
give me some whiskey .	1
just like that, my lord.	1
you agree now that we’re not imagining this ,  don’t you ?	1
madam ,  i am not well .	1
forever showering ?	1
i grant him bloody ,  luxurious ,  avaricious ,  false ,  deceitful ,  sudden ,  malicious ,  smacking of every sin that has a name .	1
not we .	1
yes ,  yes ,  three thousand dollars .	1
my dagger ,  little cousin ?	1
but if you knew to whom you give this friendship ,  how true a gentleman you send in relief ,  how dear a friend of my lord is your husband ,  i know you show more pride in the work than accustomed behavior can make you show .	1
so my eye is very attracted to your shape; and your fair virtue's force violently moves me, on the first look of you, to say, to swear, i love you.	1
when hamlet returns, he shall know you’re home.	1
we pray you throw to earth this unprevailing woe, and think of us as of a father; for let the world take note you are the most immediate to our throne, and with no less nobility of love than that which dearest father bears his son do i impart toward you.	1
obey, and go with me; for thou must die.	1
he’s welcome here.	1
ah ,  ha !	1
it waves me forth again .	1
and were the king on ’t ,  what would i do ?	1
if aught of woe or wonder ,  cease your search .	1
come ,  no matter vor your foins .	1
why ,  thou hast put him in such a dream that when the image of it leaves him he must run mad .	1
fetch me my rapier ,  boy .	1
i’ll deliver the message .	1
sure and firm-set earth, don’t hear my steps, which ever way they walk, for fear your very stones disclose my whereabouts, and take the current horror from the time, which now suits it.	1
these chatty fellows who can rhyme their way into a lady’s good graces always reason themselves out again .	1
oh, the heavens!	1
thisbe !	1
ha, ha, ha!	1
it’s the former hero !	1
well ,  catesby ,  ere a fortnight make me older i’ll send some packing that yet think not on ’t .	1
go home ,  you lazy men .	1
what said popilius lena?	1
then ,  in god’s name ,  march .	1
belike they had some notice of the people ,  how i had moved them .	1
by what ,  in the name of god ?	1
it may be ,  very like .	1
do you see that these lovers are looking for a place to fight?	1
i do beseech you that are of suppler joints, follow them swiftly, and hinder them from this ecstasy may now provoke them to.	1
do you speak in the sick tune ?	1
blind is his love and best befits the dark .	1
just as high as my heart .	1
fit to govern ?	1
a serious calling lies on me like lead, and still i couldn't sleep.	1
are we turn'd turks ,  and to ourselves do that which heaven hath forbid the ottomites ?	1
it waves me still .	1
what, will these hands never be clean?	1
rather seek to be hanged in planning your joy than to be drowned and go without her.	1
i can’t tell who’s who .	1
nay ,  weep not ,  gentle eros .	1
this is old ninny's tomb.	1
i’ll rather kill myself .	1
his name !	1
we will go from here to inverness ,  and then we will bind us further to you .	1
yes, from the table of my memory i’ll wipe away all unimportant records, all kinds of books, all pictures, all pressures past, that my youth and observations wrote there, and your commandment all by itself shall live within the book and volume of my brain, unmixed with other low thoughts.	1
she blushes from guilt ,  not modesty .	1
faith ,  stay here this night .	1
i have heard your grace hath ta'en great pains to qualify his rigorous course .	1
o ,  now you weep ,  and i perceive you feel the dint of pity .	1
tis true .	1
i have possessed your grace of what i purpose ,  and by our holy sabbath have i sworn to have the due and forfeit of my bond .	1
i have a strange infirmity, which is nothing to those that know me.	1
but since you come from him ,  you’re saturated with his healing spirit .	1
no ,  wait .	1
i’ll see you hang first ,  young filth !	1
i have a daughter—have while she is mine— who in her duty and obedience ,  mark ,  hath given me this .	1
wilt thou provoke me?	1
give me up the truth .	1
i have been in similar a pickle since i saw you last that, i’m afraid, will never get out of my bones.	1
i'd have you live; because ,  in my thinking ,  it is happiness to die .	1
safely hidden .	1
sweet - heart !	1
inside ,  sir ,  with the earl .	1
where is the master ,  boatswain ?	1
you say right, sir; o' monday morning; 'twas so indeed.	1
and so it is .	1
blab my nonsense ?	1
or to be naked with her friend in bed an hour or more ,  not meaning any harm ?	1
is it true?	1
all comfort that the dark night can afford be to thy person ,  noble father - in - law .	1
therefore go .	1
jesu, what haste!	1
make room !	1
alas iago ,  what shall i do to win my lord again ?	1
come forth .	1
i know thou wilt say ‘ay’; and i will take thy word.	1
please stop ,  sir .	1
i don’t know ,  ma'am .	1
how did this happen ?	1
here comes his majesty .	1
not one, my lord.	1
his affections don’t go that way, and what he said, though it was a little unorganized, wasn’t like craziness.	1
but as yet ,  i swear ,  i cannot truly say how i came here .	1
for do but stand upon the foaming shore ,  the chidden billow seems to pelt the clouds ,  the wind - shaked surge ,  with high and monstrous mane ,  seems to cast water on the burning bear ,  and quench the guards of th' ever - fixèd pole .	1
what do you mean by being so stupidly fond like this on such goods?	1
what you would have i’ll stay to know at your abandoned cave .	1
if not ,  he foams at mouth and by and by breaks out to savage madness .	1
find it !	1
i take all responsibility for my decisions .	1
i have a suit to you.	1
just a bit of my dry humor ,  sir .	1
question it ,  horatio .	1
do we so .	1
but men are men; the best sometimes forget: though cassio did some little wrong to him ,  as men in rage strike those that wish them best ,  yet surely cassio ,  i believe ,  received from him that fled some strange indignity ,  which patience could not pass .	1
i’d endure it until he came home again .	1
dromio ,  go bid the servants spread for dinner .	1
my lord of orléans ,  and my lord high constable ,  are you talking about horses and armor ?	1
wouldst thou have that which thou esteem’st the ornament of life ,  and live a coward in thine own esteem ,  letting  “ i dare not ”  wait upon  “ i would ,   ”  like the poor cat i' th' adage ?	1
good sir, why do you start, and seem to fear things that do sound so fair?	1
then bid adieu to me ,  and say the tears belong to egypt .	1
what are you thinking about so seriously ?	1
marcus luccicos ,  is not he in town ?	1
ha ,  ha ,  ha !	1
i scarce did know you ,  uncle; there lies your niece ,  whose breath indeed these hands have newly stopp'd .	1
i'll contact your man ,  and he shall bring ,  from time to time ,  news to you of every good event that happens here .	1
oh, why do you reject him that loves you so?	1
caius ligarius doesn’t like caesar, who berated him for speaking well of pompey.	1
help !	1
drown yourself!	1
bids the winds blow the earth into the sea or swell the curlèd water 'bove the main ,  that things might change or cease .	1
my words are dull .	1
i knew him, horatio, a fellow of infinite fun, of most excellent imagination.	1
freedom !	1
i have done the deed .	1
can any of your neighbors tell ,  kate ?	1
oh ,  then ,  i see queen mab hath been with you .	1
tut!	1
i’m coming ,  i’m coming !	1
out o' your wits and hearing too ?	1
night is approaching .	1
your sum of parts did not together pluck such envy from him as did that one; and that ,  in my regard ,  of the unworthiest siege .	1
our royal master's murdered .	1
you are three men of sin ,  whom destiny ,  that has the power over this lower world and what is in it , —has caused the never - satisfied sea to spit up you; and on this island where man doesn’t live ,  you among men being most unfit to live .	1
what, look you pale?	1
away ,  go !	1
that will tell you a lot .	1
they’ll be married tomorrow ,  and i’ll invite the duke to the ceremony .	1
the day is broke .	1
my friend stephano ,  signify ,  i pray you ,  within the house ,  your mistress is at hand: and bring your music forth into the air .	1
tis death for anyone in mantua to come to padua .	1
no ,  i’m as honest as i am christian .	1
look ,  and you’ll see .	1
i wouldn’t follow him then .	1
certainly, sir, i can.	1
friends to this ground .	1
why ,  know’st thou any harm’s intended towards him ?	1
if thou be merciful, open the tomb, lay me with juliet.	1
has he come home yet?	1
oh life !	1
what is it ,  laertes ?	1
he doesn’t have children .	1
your majesty !	1
where is she ?	1
go not my horse the better ,  i must become a borrower of the night for a dark hour or twain .	1
shall i speak ill of him that is my husband ?	1
and you ,  sir ,  had me arrested over that necklace .	1
heaven ,  and thy thoughts ,  are witness that thou art .	1
when these are gone, the woman will be out.	1
she told my mother that as long as she kept it with her ,  my father would love and desire her .	1
let’s not argue here in front of both our armies ,  which ought to see nothing but love between us .	1
it is too late.	1
isn’t that what he said ?	1
we really like this news ,  and later when we have more time we'll read this request ,  answer ,  and think upon this business .	1
what are you determined to do then ?	1
so you must take your husbands .	1
if you care about your life, shake off slumber, and beware.	1
and all for nothing !	1
we talk with goblins ,  owls ,  and sprites: if we obey them not ,  this will ensue: they’ll suck our breath ,  or pinch us black and blue .	1
a man that had a wife with such a wit ,  he might say  “ wit ,  whither wilt ?  ”   nay ,  you might keep that check for it ,  till you met your wife’s wit going to your neighbor’s bed .	1
if your messenger can’t find him there ,  look for him in the other place yourself .	1
how noble in reason!	1
give me ,  give me !	1
come on, one more; two boys and two girls makes up four.	1
i ,  who have heard the rumble of guns in battle—and thunder in the sky (heaven’s version of artillery) .	1
what angel wakes me from my flowery bed?	1
ha !	1
these vows are hermia's .	1
it’s nice you’re offering to sacrifice her behind her back .	1
i predict he comes to tell me of the players ,  listen .	1
our arms in strength of malice and our hearts of brothers' temper do receive you in with all kind love ,  good thoughts ,  and reverence .	1
but where is he ?	1
why ,  now ,  blow and ,  swell billow ,  and swim bark !	1
come hither ,  knight .	1
you should tell antonio what you hear—but don’t do it suddenly ,  because it might upset him .	1
i cannot be a man with wishing ,  therefore i will die a woman with grieving .	1
sweet desdemona !	1
mark antony, here, take you caesar's body.	1
yet do i not use my horse for my mistress ,  or any such proverb so little kin to the purpose .	1
since you have given me my dukedom again, i will repay you with just as good a thing; at least bring out a wonder, to make you as happy as i am to have my dukedom.	1
and ,  if thou prate of mountains ,  let them throw millions of acres on us ,  till our ground ,  singeing his pate against the burning zone ,  make ossa like a wart !	1
how now shall this be compassed ?	1
father and mother is man and wife, man and wife is one flesh, and so, my mother.	1
madam ,  i am here .	1
good evening, fair gentlewoman.	1
heaven rest them now .	1
chill pick your teeth ,  zir .	1
the first time we see the world as newborns ,  we cry and scream .	1
what do you think about it?	1
now i’m alone .	1
but aren’t you drowned, stephano?	1
sir ,  do you know me ?	1
he has refused it in the open court; he shall merely have justice ,  and his promise to pay .	1
about it.	1
i am constant to my purposes; they follow the king's pleasure.	1
without his roe, like a dried herring.	1
i will not stay behind .	1
hush !	1
do we trouble you ?	1
it’s entirely possible .	1
i often came to places where i heard of her ,  but i cannot find her .	1
how can i bring those promises back down to earth ,  unless my husband sends them back down to me by dying and going to heaven ?	1
there lies the man slain by young romeo ,  that killed your kinsman ,  brave mercutio .	1
weep'st thou for him to my face ?	1
i will not leave him now till cassio be call'd to him.	1
you have to wait for the appropriate time to let loose .	1
he sent a messenger ahead of him who arrived here so out of breath that he could barely speak his message .	1
where have you been hiding ?	1
sleep thou ,  and i will wind thee in my arms .	1
or is your gold and silver ewes and rams?	1
i know they are in rome together looking for antony .	1
therefore ,  dear isis ,  keep decorum ,  and fortune him accordingly .	1
and the more pity that great folk should have countenance in this world to drown or hang themselves more than their even christian.	1
what he hath lost ,  noble macbeth hath won .	1
yes ,  well ,  things could get better .	1
how now ,  roderigo !	1
but let him come .	1
he is enamored on hero .	1
why are you up now?	1
ha, ha!	1
why, now thou diest as bravely as titinius, and mayst be honor'd, being cato's son.	1
thy life’s a miracle .	1
a mellifluous voice ,  as i am true knight .	1
you pulled my sleeve; do you want to speak with me ?	1
here comes the man you mean .	1
friends ,  part !  ”  and ,  swifter than his tongue ,  his agile arm beats down their fatal points ,  and ’twixt them rushes—underneath whose arm an envious thrust from tybalt hit the life of stout mercutio ,  and then tybalt fled .	1
read it .	1
will you go to them?	1
my bones would rest ,  that have but labored to attain this hour .	1
when caesar says “do this,” it is perform'd.	1
you have a fat friend at your master’s house: she took care of me in the kitchen today ,  thinking i was you .	1
what are you accused of ?	1
of course the prince wants hero for himself .	1
ay, or drinking, fencing, swearing, quarrelling, drabbing.	1
proceed you in your tears .	1
yare!	1
the king ,  sir ,  hath laid that in a dozen passes between yourself and him ,  he shall not exceed you three hits .	1
god have mercy on us !	1
and you still say that exile is not death !	1
i think the sun where he was born took all such humors out of him .	1
what are you saying ,  mistress ?	1
this island's mine ,  by sycorax my mother ,  which thou tak'st from me .	1
away !	1
then you shall be his insurance.	1
but it is no matter.	1
don’t be shy—shake hands with me .	1
how comes it, michael, you are thus forgot?	1
i can suck sadness out of a song the way a weasel sucks eggs .	1
you have been hotly called for .	1
we'll wait until you’re free .	1
i know he wouldn’t be a wolf ,  but he sees that the romans are nothing but sheep .	1
the evil deed has turned itself on me.	1
there is no composition in these news that gives them credit .	1
go in ,  and weep not .	1
where the devil should he learn our language ?	1
kent banished thus ?	1
then i guess the whole world is one .	1
thou dost snore distinctly; there's meaning in thy snores.	1
said what ,  sir ?	1
i know you are no truant .	1
if i live to be as old as sibylla the witch, i’ll die as pure as diana the goddess of purity, unless i am obtained by the letter of my father's will.	1
look ,  love ,  what envious streaks do lace the severing clouds in yonder east .	1
yet ,  in reason ,  no man should possess him with any appearance of fear ,  lest he ,  by showing it ,  should dishearten his army .	1
yet i have known those which have walked in their sleep who have died holily in their beds.	1
hear me yet ,  good shylock .	1
my name is proculeius .	1
you mustn’t think that we are made of stuff so flat and dull that we can let our power be shaken with danger ,  and think it unimportant .	1
i thank you.	1
now ,  princely buckingham ,  seal thou this league with thy embracements to my wife’s allies and make me happy in your unity .	1
a messenger from the galleys .	1
why ?	1
while you lie here snoring, open-eyed plotting takes his time.	1
then heaven have mercy on me !	1
but soft ,  i pray you .	1
tell me once more what you say .	1
thy mistress' marks ?	1
what visions have i seen!	1
a charge we bear i’ th’ war ,  and as the president of my kingdom will appear there for a man .	1
but a lot of old people act like they’re already dead—sluggish ,  slow ,  fat ,  and colorless ,  like lead .	1
romeo must not live.	1
what then ?	1
i have no wife .	1
these vows are hermia's .	1
murder!	1
i’m ready .	1
fury ,  fury ! —there ,  tyrant ,  there .	1
pardon me ,  sweet one ,  even for the vows we made each other but so late ago .	1
i confess the cape .	1
death is my son - in - law .	1
even such a husband hast thou of me, as she is for a wife.	1
so much for fortinbras .	1
there is no ancient gentlemen but gardeners, ditchers, and grave-makers.	1
you don’t know me, but i know you though in your state of honor.	1
twere as good a deed as to drink when a man’s a - hungry ,  to challenge him the field and then to break promise with him and make a fool of him .	1
when you “dared” to do it, then you were a man; and, in order to be more than what you are, you would be so much more the man.	1
alas, my lord, i have been so frightened!	1
nought's had ,  all's spent ,  where our desire is got without content .	1
i'll have grounds more relative than this .	1
what needs this iteration ,  woman ?	1
and i will run through fire, i will, for your sweet sake.	1
are your doors locked ?	1
go ,  go .	1
give me your hand .	1
where is my romeo ?	1
then everything must really be finished .	1
i assure you it is ,  madam .	1
have you seen a farmer’s dog bark at a beggar ?	1
everyone swears to these conditions who come to take a chance for my worthless self .	1
was not that letter from fair jessica ?	1
my dearest cousin, i beg you, have patience yourself.	1
come ,  some music !	1
leave ,  gentle wax ,  and ,  manners ,  blame us not .	1
give me my long sword, hey!	1
should i lie ,  madam ?	1
we’ll no more meet ,  no more see one another .	1
where is the villain ,  edmund ?	1
then music with her silver sound  ” with speedy help gives relief from sorrow .  ”  what kind of an annoying knave is this guy ?  !	1
how the hell does he know our language ?	1
and thou must stand by too, and suffer every knave to use me at his pleasure!	1
at my lodging.	1
have a good life .	1
curse you !	1
your lieutenant ,  if you list ,  he's no standard .	1
perchance till after theseus' wedding day .	1
i richard’s body have interrèd anew ,  and on it have bestowed more contrite tears than from it issued forcèd drops of blood .	1
but screw your courage to the sticking - place ,  and we'll not fail .	1
speak the speech, i pray you, as i pronounced it to you, trippingly on the tongue.	1
your spirit walks abroad ,  and turns our swords into our own guts .	1
it is certain, then, for cyprus.	1
why do the roses in your cheeks fade so fast?	1
i'll have this marriage done tomorrow morning .	1
approach ,  rich ceres ,  her to entertain .	1
but ,  sir ,  be you ruled by me .	1
we all stand up against the spirit of caesar, and in the spirit of men there is no blood.	1
damn, a risky business.	1
the thane of cawdor lives.	1
they mean to warn us here at philippi ,  answering us before we demand answers of them .	1
shylock is my name .	1
he will ,  sir ,  if he wants to .	1
you speak to casca ,  and to such a man that is no fleering telltale .	1
what paper were you reading ?	1
peter, stay at the gate.	1
you were never with me for anything when you were not there for the goose .	1
what are these faces ?	1
what likelihood ?	1
who's there ?	1
i beg you ,  no more !	1
you may doubt you that the stars are fire ,   ” you may doubt that the sun does move ,   ” you may doubt truth to be a liar ,   ” but never doubt i love .	1
you should know that to me ,  profit isn’t more important than honor ,  but the other way around .	1
is not this man jealous?	1
master ,  master ,  i’ve been on the lookout so long ,  i’m ready to fall down dead—but i’ve got one ,  finally !	1
now ,  afore god ,  this reverend holy friar ,  all our whole city is much bound to him .	1
be angry when you will, it shall have scope; do what you will, dishonor shall be humor.	1
noble sebastian ,  thou let'st thy fortune sleep—die rather; wink'st whiles thou art waking .	1
we’ll meet at the giant oak tree in the duke’s forest .	1
all my pretty ones ?	1
hast thou forgot her?	1
near to her close and consecrated private place, while she was sleeping, a crew of actors, rude mechanicals, that work for bread near athenian shops, were met together to rehearse a play intended for great theseus' wedding day.	1
give the word through .	1
unless i’ve mistaken his battle flags ,  which i’m sure i haven’t ,  his regiment lies at least half a mile south of the king’s mighty army .	1
thus twice before, and jump at this dead hour, with martial stalk hath he gone by our watch.	1
i am friends with you all, and love you all, on this hope, that you shall give me reasons why and how caesar was dangerous.	1
are the others waiting ?	1
do thou but close our hands with holy words ,  then love - devouring death do what he dare— it is enough i may but call her mine .	1
now is that noble vessel full of grief, that it runs over even at his eyes.	1
she that i spoke of, our great captain's captain, left in the company of the bold iago, whose footing here occurs earlier than the seven nights we thought it would take.	1
his antique sword ,  rebellious to his arm ,  lies where it falls ,  repugnant to command .	1
i’ll put it on .	1
the only profit i seek is a peaceful match .	1
what do you think ,  madam ?	1
who can move the forest ,  bid the tree to walk away from his earth - bound root ?	1
we shall obey ,  if she were ten times our mother .	1
so please you ,  for i never heard it yet ,  yet heard too much of phoebe’s cruelty .	1
agreed .	1
you say you do not know the lady's mind .	1
o ,  no ,  a lantern ,  slaughtr'd youth ,  for here lies juliet ,  and her beauty makes this vault a feasting presence full of light .	1
come away with me .	1
your hand ,  leonato .	1
are you a man ?	1
you are everywhere ?	1
apparently so . —cover their faces .	1
had you not been their father ,  these white flakes did challenge pity of them .	1
she has the stones on her ,  and the ducats .  ”  i know ,  all the boys in venice are following him ,  yelling ,   “ his stones ,  his daughter ,  and his ducats !  ”	1
dar’st thou resolve to kill a friend of mine ?	1
good mercutio!	1
you must know that the snake will act according to his nature .	1
once more remove ,  good friends .	1
this is i ,  hamlet the dane .	1
you should know that i think you’re a smart man .	1
i wish i were sleep and peace ,  so sweet to rest !	1
i spoke with some of the sailors that escaped the wreck.	1
what is your wish with regard to her ?	1
no, cassius, no.	1
what were these?	1
first let me talk with this philosopher here . —	1
the table is full on both sides .	1
dove - feather'd raven !	1
no, sir, there are moe with him.	1
and you ,   and how are you liking the shepherd’s life ,  master touchstone ?	1
i am woe for't ,  sir .	1
whose was it ?	1
marry ,  farewell !	1
let me at him .	1
yes, on the front.	1
my dear madam ,  why are you in mourning ?	1
three words, dear romeo, and good night indeed.	1
he’s in arthur’s bosom ,  if ever man went to arthur’s bosom .	1
if ,  in your wisdom ,  you can’t help me ,  only say that my solution is a wise one ,  and right now ,  with this knife ,  i'll help solve it .	1
i with the morning’s love have oft made sport ,  and like a forester the groves may tread even till the eastern gate ,  all fiery red ,  opening on neptune with fair blessèd beams ,  turns into yellow gold his salt green streams .	1
welcome ,  wanderer .	1
it is a very deep oath .	1
hum!	1
it’s gone .	1
here ,  at thy hand .	1
but ships are just fragile boards ,  and sailors are just men .	1
goes fleance with you ?	1
let's get going and do the murder first .	1
i’ve told cowards to turn their backs on me and run .	1
how say'st thou, that macduff denies his person at our great bidding?	1
i'll fetch them ,  sir .	1
you are a villain.	1
good - bye .	1
now he begins the story .	1
those that are in a hurry will make a mighty fire and start it with flimsy straws.	1
bethink you.	1
did she see thee the while ,  old boy ?	1
the more i love ,  the more he hateth me .	1
no epilogue ,  i pray you ,  for your play needs no excuse .	1
revenges burn in them ,  because their dear causes would excite a dead man to the flowing of blood and the grim alarm .	1
and did not they put on my brows this wreath of victory, and bid me give it thee?	1
sit down ,  jessica .	1
here comes sir toby halting .	1
yes ,  and for that you die .	1
here they come.	1
i know how his mind works .	1
we would be resolved ,  before we hear him ,  of some things of weight that task our thoughts concerning us and france .	1
thanks for that .	1
eyes without feeling, feeling without sight, ears without hands or eyes, smelling without them all, or a sickly part of one true sense couldn’t act like this without a conscious thought.	1
do you hear that ,  charmian ?	1
and these does she apply for warnings and portents and evils imminent, and on her knee hath begg'd that i will stay at home today.	1
slay !	1
as far as i know ,  sir .	1
a parlous boy !	1
speak; tell me .	1
sweet friends ,  i’m sorry i’m late; not i ,  but my affairs ,  have made you wait: when you are ready to do anything to get wives ,  i'll watch as long for you then .	1
answer that question .	1
say  “ a day ”  without the  “ ever .  ”  no ,  no ,  orlando ,  men are april when they woo ,  december when they wed .  maids are may when they are maids ,  but the sky changes when they are wives .	1
you’re mistaken .	1
there never was a monarch better feared and loved than yourself ,  your majesty .	1
take up the bodies.	1
what, ho!	1
and i for rosalind .	1
this caesar was a tyrant.	1
when i tried desperately to question them further ,  they vanished into thin air .	1
let’s go .	1
nay ,  you were better speak first ,  and when you were graveled for lack of matter ,  you might take occasion to kiss .	1
tell them so, decius.	1
how did he become crazy ?	1
your highness ,  i want nothing more than what you’ve already offered .	1
you will never run mad ,  niece .	1
for but a month ago i went from hence ,  and then ’twas fresh in murmur—as ,  you know ,  what great ones do the less will prattle of— that he did seek the love of fair olivia .	1
listen ,  guildenstern ,  and you too ,  with each ear .	1
beware the ides of march.	1
but brother ,  i have some strange news for you .	1
what will i do, do you think?	1
i drink in the air before me, and return before your pulse beats twice.	1
ah ,  don’t tear yourself away from me !	1
my mind and courage will never falter with doubt or shake with fear .	1
robin starveling ,  the tailor ?	1
o ,  tell me ,  friar ,  tell me ,  in what vile part of this anatomy doth my name lodge ?	1
why ,  by making him uncapable of othello's place; knocking out his brains .	1
and from my soul too or else curse them both .	1
oh ,  this is terrible !	1
he’d stay up all night and all day if he didn’t drink himself to sleep .	1
i never saw a better - fashioned gown ,  more quaint ,  more pleasing ,  nor more commendable .	1
well, death's the end of all.	1
and what’s the news ,  good cousin lodovico ?	1
all men say you are changeable .	1
and trust me ,  love ,  you look pale to me too .	1
well ,  happiness to their sheets !	1
the devil himself could not pronounce a title more hateful to mine ear.	1
let me see ,  let me see; is not the leaf turn'd down where i left reading ?	1
no more !	1
safe, antony; brutus is safe enough.	1
here, kiss the book.	1
set a huge mountain between my heart and tongue!	1
oh ,  how awful that a lady who’s been rejected by one man should therefore be treated horribly by another one !	1
she has royal blood .	1
uncomfortable time ,  why cam'st thou now to murder ,  murder our solemnity ?	1
if he’s so sad and solemn when he’s young ,  i can only imagine how much he’ll cry as an old man .	1
now ,  my friendly servant ,  thank you .	1
let them start something .	1
he won’t fight with me ,  domitius ?	1
a good wench ,  give it me .	1
what a strange drowsiness possesses them!	1
the king is coming here tonight .	1
well ,  good night .	1
which of you has been complaining to the king that i don’t like them ?	1
tell him to bring his pen and his inkwell to the jail .	1
good madam ,  patience .	1
or ,  if you don’t mind ,  come to my home ,  and i’ll wait for you .	1
o sorrowful time !	1
he shift a trencher !	1
beatrice— i swear ,  i’m going .	1
to prison ,  eyes ,  ne'er look on liberty .	1
i’d never heard such raucous music ,  such pleasant thunder .	1
why do you ask ?	1
twere good you do so much for charity .	1
i do but say what she is.	1
yet i'll not shed her blood, nor scar that whiter skin of hers than snow and smooth as monumental alabaster.	1
this guest of summer, the temple-haunting martlet, does approve by his loved mansionry that the heaven's breath smells wooingly here.	1
if not the face of men ,  the sufferance of our souls ,  the time's abuse— if these be motives weak ,  break off betimes ,  and every man hence to his idle bed; so let high - sighted tyranny range on till each man drop by lottery .	1
i’ll scalp you .	1
what, do you present your petitions in the street?	1
you shall have permission .	1
i have forgot why i did call thee back.	1
well that’s good .	1
if you can’t do it ,  be grateful you’ve lived this long and go wait to die in your cabin ,  if it comes to that . —harder ,  men ! —now get out of our way ,  i’m telling you .	1
who's there ?	1
how did you get this sober ?	1
what an ass i am .	1
caesar is touched .	1
alas ,  the storm is come again !	1
what, shall i find you here?	1
trust to it .	1
yes, and for that you die.	1
let me speak as you would; and lay a sentence which ,  as a grace or step ,  may help these lovers into your favor .	1
the king is insane .	1
i will bite thee by the ear for that jest .	1
what, do you shake at that?	1
throw this slave upon the dunghill . —regan ,  i bleed apace .	1
that’s impossible .	1
but we haven’t made any preparations .	1
stop, oh!	1
thou seest that all the grace that she hath left is that she will not add to her damnation a sin of perjury .	1
but what see i ?	1
this rudeness is a sauce to his good wit ,  which gives men stomach to digest his words with better appetite .	1
farewell content !	1
they who have done this deed are honorable .	1
impatient that i was gone ,  and upset that young octavius with mark antony has made themselves so strong;—because that news came with the news of her death;—with all this ,  she became crazy ,  and ,  without her attendants present ,  swallowed fire .	1
i cannot believe that in her .	1
sir ,  i beg you to come home with me to dinner .	1
prodigious birth of love it is to me that i must love a loathed enemy.	1
i pray you ,  good bassanio ,  let me know it; and ,  if it stand ,  as you yourself still do ,  within the eye of honour ,  be assur'd ,  my purse ,  my person ,  my extremest means ,  lie all unlock'd to your occasions .	1
ah ,  where's my man ?	1
he is so full of courage ,  and his commendations are food for me ,  a banquet to me .	1
if he loves caesar ,  then he can only hurt himself—by grieving and dying for caesar .	1
now listen and understand.	1
i know exactly how to proceed .	1
and when you saw his chariot but appear, have you not made an universal shout, that tiber trembled underneath her banks to hear the replication of your sounds made in her concave shores?	1
apparently you think there’s nothing unusual about a bloody head .	1
how is my wife ?	1
look ,  how our partner's in such deep thought .	1
thanks, really, because silence is only commendable in a cow’s dried tongue, and in a girl who’s not for sale.	1
master ,  knock the door hard .	1
i say i love thee more than he can do .	1
then tell me ,  who's the next heir of naples ?	1
my lord ,  i came to see your father’s funeral .	1
who is this bloody man ?	1
and thou ,  all - shaking thunder ,  smite flat the thick rotundity o' th' world ,  crack nature’s molds ,  all germens spill at once that make ingrateful man !	1
i know what you’d do .	1
what’s he talking about ?	1
come here ,  ariel .	1
tis not to make me jealous to say my wife is fair ,  feeds well ,  loves company ,  is free of speech ,  sings ,  plays ,  and dances well; where virtue is ,  these are more virtuous .	1
but come, your italian country dance; forget your epilogue.	1
what, is antonio here?	1
if there were no more women but fulvia ,  then had you indeed a cut ,  and the case to be lamented .	1
why wouldst thou be a breeder of sinners?	1
who are you here that cry so grievously ?	1
come ,  come ,  do you think i do not know you by your excellent wit ?	1
if i miss this ,  let me be boiled alive .	1
behold, i have a weapon; a better one never sustained itself on a soldier's thigh.	1
madam ,  he’s well .	1
noble sebastian, you let your fortune sleep — die rather: wink while you are waking.	1
he married but his occasion here .	1
no ,  none that thou hast wit enough to make .	1
will it not be ?	1
good night ,  good boy .	1
lysander's love, that would not let him bide, fair helena, who more engilds the night than all yon fiery oes and eyes of light.	1
as great to me as late; and supportable to make the dear loss have i means much weaker than you may call to comfort you ,  for i have lost my daughter .	1
welcome, good robin.	1
well then .	1
be thou a spirit of health or goblin damn'd ,  bring with thee airs from heaven or blasts from hell ,  be thy intents wicked or charitable ,  thou comest in such a questionable shape that i will speak to thee .	1
my lord ,  do as you please; but ,  if you hold it fit ,  after the play ,  let his queen mother all alone entreat him to show his grief .	1
my soul doth tell me hero is belied ,  and that shall claudio know; so shall the prince and all of them that thus dishonor her .	1
very well.	1
there is one that can rule naples as well as the man who is sleeping, lords that can talk as much and unnecessarily as this gonzalo: i myself could make asses of these lords .	1
believe what ?	1
o, vengeance!	1
what are you doing here alone ?	1
and if he fails at that ,  he will find other ways to kill you .	1
give me the proof i can see; or, by the worth of man's eternal soul, you would’ve been better born a dog than answer my aroused anger!	1
very well .	1
so think thou wilt no second husband wed; but die thy thoughts when thy first lord is dead.	1
i do obey thee till i give thee bail .	1
give me your blessing .	1
if i said something ,  she’d mock me so mercilessly that i’d probably disintegrate into air .	1
good portia ,  go to bed .	1
i would not be the villain that thou think’st for the whole space that’s in the tyrant’s grasp ,  and the rich east to boot .	1
what evil things were done to us that we were driven here ?	1
yet calm down .	1
you say well .	1
go but with me tonight ,  you shall see her chamber window entered ,  even the night before her wedding day .	1
we do it wrong, its being so like the king, to offer it the show of violence, because it is, like the air, unable to be hurt, and our empty blows seem like a malicious joke.	1
what ,  are you mad ?	1
carthage?	1
o desdemon!	1
o, who hath done this deed?	1
eyes without feeling, feeling without sight, ears without hands or eyes, smelling sans all, or but a sickly part of one true sense could not so mope.	1
no more of that .	1
how often tonight have my old feet stumbled over graves!	1
having once this juice ,  i’ll watch titania when she is asleep and drop the liquor of it in her eyes .	1
blessed my foot!	1
fortune now to my heart’s hope !	1
mark antony, shall we give sign of battle?	1
stop it .	1
two or three men are groaning .	1
he is so full of courage, and his commendations are food for me, a banquet to me.	1
fight me, coward!	1
very like a whale .	1
my lady ordered me to deliver her letter .	1
hermia’s not holding onto me anymore .	1
though now we must appear bloody and cruel, as, by our hands and this our present act, you see we do, yet see you but our hands and this the bleeding business they have done.	1
we are men ,  my liege .	1
and that’s all there is to it .	1
the rest march on with me .	1
my life on her faith in me!	1
what, i, my lord?	1
no ,  indeed ,  even if you had your eyes ,  you might not know me: it is a wise father that knows his own child .	1
first let us go to dinner .	1
quiet ,  children ,  quiet .	1
what's to be done ?	1
then see the evidence of their evil with your own eyes .	1
if we didn’t have rational minds to counterbalance our emotions and desires ,  our bodily urges would take over .	1
i thought i heard a voice cry ,   “ sleep no more !	1
so long ?	1
but with a rear - ward following tybalt's death ,   ” romeo is banished .  ”  to speak that word is father ,  mother ,  tybalt ,  romeo ,  juliet ,  all slain ,  all dead .	1
behold!	1
my lord ,  from head to foot .	1
you kill me to deny it .	1
what, ho!	1
if you refuse to allow me to do so ,  your city’s charter and its freedom are endangered .	1
is't not enough ,  is't not enough ,  young man ,  that i did never ,  no ,  nor never can ,  deserve a sweet look from demetrius' eye ,  but you must flout my insufficiency ?	1
misery acquaints a man with strange bedfellows .	1
is the king awake ,  worthy thane ?	1
go you and maintain talk with the duke ,  that my charity be not of him perceived .	1
will you have me ,  lady ?	1
and now, octavius, listen great things.	1
come, let me clutch you.	1
do i mistreat even my enemies ?	1
i beg you, tell the truth.	1
there’s protection in the theft that steals itself when there's no mercy left.	1
i have no way ,  and therefore want no eyes .	1
how now !	1
you can’t trust all the rumors .	1
romeo!	1
i’ll use albany’s power and authority for now to win the war ,  but afterward one of the sisters—whichever one wants to—can get rid of him .	1
sit i' th' middle .	1
if love has touched you ,  love has touched you—end of story .	1
so to be banished from verona is like being banished from the world ,  and being banished from the world is death .	1
therefore be deaf to my unpitied folly ,  and all the gods go with you !	1
i humbly beseech you, proceed to the affairs of state.	1
that it did, sir, in the very throat of me; only i paid him back for his lie; and, i think, being too strong for him, though he knocked me off my feet a few times, i still made a joke to throw him off.	1
come on .	1
no ,  by this hand .	1
this is casca .	1
we'll leave you, brutus;— and, friends, scatter yourselves, but all remember what you’ve said, and show yourselves to be true romans.	1
grumio gave the order for how it should be done .	1
although i hate her ,  i’ll not harm her so .	1
i bought an unction of a mountebank ,  so mortal that but dip a knife in it ,  where it draws blood no cataplasm so rare ,  collected from all simples that have virtue under the moon ,  can save the thing from death this is but scratch'd withal .	1
injurious hermia !	1
good my lord, tell it.	1
alas ,  poor caitiff !	1
it is the lady that pyramus must love.	1
yon ribaudred nag of egypt— whom leprosy o’ertake ! —i’ th’ midst o’ th’ fight ,  when vantage like a pair of twins appeared both as the same ,  or rather ours the elder ,  the breeze upon her ,  like a cow in june ,  hoists sails and flies .	1
here’s decius brutus .	1
and your experience makes you sad .	1
it isn’t daybreak yet .	1
that’s not necessary.	1
and wake diana with a hymn; with sweetest touches pierce your mistress' ear ,  and draw her home with music .	1
bondage is hoarse and may not speak aloud; else would i tear the cave where echo lies, and make her airy tongue more hoarse than mine with repetition of my romeo's name.	1
his madness .	1
strange and terrible events are all welcome ,  but i despise comforts .	1
wherefore art thou romeo ?	1
but the really unbelievable thing is—and this is incredible— as most unbelievable things are .	1
i'll warrant him for drowning, though the ship were no stronger than a nutshell and as leaky as an unstanched wench.	1
stay here for a moment .	1
if our general had been his old self ,  we would have won .	1
have you forgot me?	1
poor turlygod !  ”   “ poor tom !  ” — that’s something yet .	1
but why did you leave me so unkindly?	1
ah, ha!	1
i have done the state some service, and they know't.	1
i know the boy will be a convincing gentlewoman ,  taking up her exact walk and talk and gentle gestures .	1
i look forward to getting to know you better .	1
yes ,  but these english are seriously short of beef .	1
most mighty caesar ,  let me know some cause ,  lest i be laughed at when i tell them so .	1
have some patience ,  please .	1
yet you will be hanged for being so long absent .	1
so ,  goodbye .	1
was that rejection done like cassius?	1
go then ,  slave .	1
let the great gods that keep this dreadful pudder o'er our heads find out their enemies now .	1
i’ll be there early .	1
until the day we die ,  my lord .	1
make forth, the generals would have some words.	1
romeo ,  there dead ,  was husband to that juliet; and she ,  there dead ,  that romeo's faithful wife .	1
spring ,  summer ,  fertile autumn and angry winter have all changed places ,  and now the confused world doesn’t know which is which .	1
for shame ,  for shame !	1
fast asleep?	1
you knew, none so well, none so well as you, of my daughter's flight.	1
come now; what masques ,  what dances shall we have ,  to wear away this long age of three hours between our after - supper and bed - time ?	1
i here take my oath before this honorable assembly ,  she kicked the poor king her father .	1
but he told me to get lost and threatened to hit me ,  kick me—even kill me .	1
ah ,  there’s the problem .	1
i will, my lord.	1
oh ,  i’ve read that .	1
here come two noble beasts in, a man and a lion.	1
o sisters three, come, come to me, with hands as pale as milk; lay them in gore, since you have shore with shears his thread of silk.	1
in this slumbery agitation ,  besides her walking and other actual performances ,  what ,  at any time ,  have you heard her say ?	1
hear the noble antony .	1
that drop of blood that's calm proclaims me bastard; cries cuckold to my father; brands the harlot even here ,  between the chaste unsmirched brows of my true mother .	1
ha ,  ha !	1
don’t worry ,  i couldn’t care less .	1
i’m sorry ,  malvolio ,  but this isn’t my writing ,  though i admit it looks like mine .	1
no ,  only heaven knows .	1
that’s burglary ,  that is .	1
if i had the goddess juno’s power ,  i would make the strong - winged messenger ,  mercury ,  pick you up and seat you beside jove .	1
then certifies your lordship that this night he dreamt the boar had razèd his helm besides ,  he says there are two councils kept ,  and that may be determined at the one which may make you and him to rue at th' other .	1
commend me to thy lady.	1
how are you doing ?	1
was this ambition ?	1
it did ,  it did .	1
remember march ,  remember the fifteenth of march ?	1
his spirits listen to me ,  and yet i have to curse .	1
what is a traitor?	1
caesar ,  my lord .	1
shall i strike at it with my partisan?	1
yes ,  my lord .	1
sir, i cannot.	1
while the armed hand fights in foreign lands ,  the wise head defends itself at home .	1
leave all the rest to me .	1
the watchdogs bark .	1
i was born in pisa ,  famous for its serious citizens ,  like my father before me; my father ,  vincentio ,  a successful ,  world - traveled merchant ,  was one of the	1
but what warmth is there in your affection towards any of these princely suitors that are already come ?	1
he is gone ,  he is gone ,  and we go away crying .	1
i will ,  my lady ,  but a sane person reading this would make it sound crazy .	1
and i pray thee now tell me ,  for which of my bad parts didst thou first fall in love with me ?	1
then crush this herb into lysander's eye; its juice has the virtuous property of removing all error from his eyes and will make his eyeballs roll with correct sight .	1
pray god your wife doesn’t send you a worse one .	1
methinks i have a great desire to a bottle of hay .	1
sweet soul ,  take care ,  take care of perjury; you are on your death - bed .	1
give me thy hand .	1
for us, and for our tragedy, here stooping to your clemency, we beg your hearing patiently.	1
no; he only totally misses the truth .	1
prithee say on.	1
i took no more pains for those thanks than you take pains to thank me .	1
oh ,  come on now ,  kate .	1
nor did you nothing hear?	1
if consequence do but approve my dream my boat sails freely ,  both with wind and stream .	1
come .	1
he doesn’t know what he’s saying .	1
where should we meet?	1
o ,  but i fear how lost you each other ?	1
hang him instantly .	1
they did so ,  to th' amazement of mine eyes that looked upon ’t .	1
what’s up ,  man ?	1
go softly on .	1
did he say it ?	1
no ,  madam .	1
i'll go along, not to be shown such a sight, but to rejoice in splendor of my own love’s looks.	1
here ,  my good lord .	1
some two months hence up higher toward the north he first presents his fire, and the high east stands as the capitol, directly here.	1
conceit ,  more rich in matter than in words ,  brags of his substance ,  not of ornament .	1
but wherefore could not i pronounce  “ amen ”  ?	1
didn’t you speak to it?	1
i have laid those sheets you bade me on the bed.	1
please do .	1
fie !	1
it is ‘music with her silver sound’ because musi- cians have no gold for sounding.	1
i don’t want you to deny this imposition, which my love and some necessity now lays on you.	1
oh god ! —oh nurse ,  how can this be stopped ?	1
what, to kiss in private?	1
grace go with you ,  sir .	1
the concernancy ,  sir ?	1
what’s wrong with me ,  that every noise makes me jump ?	1
tut ,  i have lost myself .	1
it were good that benedick knew of it by some other ,  if she will not discover it .	1
though i die for it—as no less is threatened me—the king my old master must be relieved .	1
o my good lord ,  believe not all ,  or ,  if you must believe ,  stomach not all .	1
no more yet about this; because it is a story of day by day, not a story for a breakfast or befitting this first meeting.	1
i am not bid for love; they flatter me: but yet i'll go in hate, to feed upon the prodigal christian.—jessica, my girl, look to my house.—i am right loath to go; there is some ill a-brewing towards my rest, for i did dream of money-bags to-night.	1
i can tell what thou wouldst do .	1
caesar and he are better friends than ever .	1
you are not ,  cassius .	1
is't possible ?	1
went’st not thou to her for a purse of ducats ?	1
your mind is tossing on the ocean ,  where your ships ,  with full sails — like gentlemen and rich citizens on the water ,  or as if they were in a procession of the sea— look over the minor merchants ,  that bow to them ,  pay them respect ,  as they fly by them with their woven wings .	1
do you know what you say ?	1
she doth well .	1
if it be love indeed ,  tell me how much .	1
why ,  my boy ?	1
i be your mercy.	1
we have sworn, my lord, already.	1
learn of the wise and perpend: civet is of a baser birth than tar ,  the very uncleanly flux of a cat .	1
i am the greatest ,  able to do least ,  yet most suspected ,  as the time and place doth make against me ,  of this direful murder .	1
it's true ,  good lieutenant .	1
tomorrow will it please you to be crowned ?	1
will his billing bill him no more for his purchases ,  and double ones too ,  than the length and breadth of a pair of property liens ?	1
what a pied ninny's this!	1
o ,  who has done this deed ?	1
nor in thine ,  lord .	1
say what you want ,  but i know what i know .	1
it's the wind.	1
didn’t you tell me i should know the man by the athenian garments he had on ?	1
thou wast the prettiest babe that e'er i nurs'd.	1
it is unusually cold ,  my lord ,  indeed .	1
there lies your love .	1
just think ,  i could be count malvolio !	1
vex not his ghost .	1
come ,  sir ,  i pray you ,  go .	1
not crazy ,  but more tied up than a madman is; i am shut up in prison ,  kept without my food ,  whipped and tormented and— good day ,  good fellow .	1
the heavens do lour upon you for some ill .  move them no more by crossing their high will .	1
my lord, i have remembrances of yours that i have longed long to redeliver.	1
i see ,  lady ,  the gentleman is not in your books .	1
he doesn’t dare come there for the candle, because you see, it’s already out.	1
may god thank you for it .	1
o ceremony ,  show me but thy worth !	1
how's the day?	1
is it four o'clock ?	1
my industrious servant ,  ariel !	1
as proper men as ever trod upon neats - leather have gone upon my handiwork .	1
many proper men that ever walked on cowhide leather have walked on my work.	1
away ,  go !	1
i think so too .	1
sorry ,  i’m all stuffed .	1
and sometime lurk i in a gossip’s bowl in very likeness of a roasted crab ,  and when she drinks ,  against her lips i bob and on her withered dewlap pour the ale .	1
but then i saw no harm, and then i heard each syllable that was exchanged between them.	1
the devil himself could not pronounce a title more hateful to mine ear .	1
fie ,  demetrius !	1
did you know him ?	1
the orchard walls are high and hard to climb ,  and the place death ,  considering who thou art ,  if any of my kinsmen find thee here .	1
ay ,  springes to catch woodcocks .	1
you find yourself a bed, and i will rest my head upon this bank.	1
how infinite in faculty!	1
his love is blind ,  so it belongs in the dark .	1
the near in blood ,  the nearer bloody .	1
well ,  wednesday is too soon .	1
stanley did dream the boar did raze his helm ,  and i did scorn it and disdain to fly .	1
swear by my sword .	1
and why’s that ?	1
if you took a good look at yourself ,  or if you thought about this more carefully ,  your fear would teach you to act more cautiously .	1
how oddly he is suited!	1
but here's a parchment with the seal of caesar,— i found it in his bedroom,—it’s his will.	1
the bitter one is the other one—that’s you . lear are you calling me a fool ,  boy ?	1
o day!	1
and died that day when viola from her birth had numbered thirteen years .	1
my sweet cassio !	1
i asked you again ,  then you scratched your head ,  and stamped your foot very impatiently .	1
hail, caesar!	1
damn her!	1
she haunts me in every place .	1
you’re lying .	1
then is the world one.	1
you’ve judge his worth, and our great need of him, very well.	1
sir ,  a whole history .	1
oh ,  how i love thee !	1
why ,  dromio ?	1
take each man’s censure but reserve thy judgment .	1
not till you have slept .	1
i will confess to you that i love him.	1
lead them inside .	1
some of your french crowns have no hair at all ,  and then you will play barefaced .	1
gentlemen ,  stand up .	1
be thou assur'd, if words be made of breath, and breath of life, i have no life to breathe what thou hast said to me.	1
i will preach to the world for him; that is ,  make questions and answer them .	1
you have enough holy feeling to advise me to  “ make peace with god ,  ”  but you’re willing to go to war with god by murdering me ?	1
he’s late .	1
come, go aside with me; i will leave so i can equip me with some swift means of death for the beautiful devil.	1
in such a time as this, it isn’t fair that every silly offense should uphold his criticism.	1
why should i, mother?	1
young fortinbras ,  returning in triumph from poland ,  is firing his guns to greet the english ambassadors .	1
ever since cordelia left for france ,  sir ,  the fool has been depressed .	1
do you think i meant sexual matters?	1
and you ,  good farmers ,  whose limbs were made in england ,  show us here the vigor of your upbringing .	1
to the jail with him !	1
if he should offer to choose, and choose the right casket, you should refuse to perform your father's will, if you should refuse to accept him.	1
i will not entertain so bad a thought .	1
he’s a good - looking young man ,  and there are a lot of people with him .	1
thou hast a lady far more beautiful than any woman in this waning age .	1
what says the silver with her virgin hue ?	1
therefore this project	1
o, farewell!	1
alas, what does this gentleman mean?	1
what do you think about it?	1
this lion is a very fox for his valour.	1
my father dead ,  my fortune lives for me .	1
truly ,  my name is cinna .	1
at dinner .	1
well ,  i will hie ,  and so bestow these papers as you bade me .	1
pronounce .	1
be thou familiar but by no means vulgar .	1
why ,  right ,  you are in the right .	1
there are my keys . —but wherefore should i go ?	1
my lord ,  my lord !	1
my lord ,  what are you talking about ?	1
i found it in my chamber .	1
have i not heard great ordnance in the field ,  and heaven’s artillery thunder in the skies ?	1
why ,  he’s the prince’s fool ,  and a very dull fool at that .	1
you’re poisoning my eyes .	1
what time tomorrow should i send a messenger to you ?	1
i don’t know how to ask you for forgiveness ,  but i have to say something .	1
but he says he still loves and respects you ,  and based on his own feelings alone he’s looking for an opportunity to safely take you back .	1
get you hence ,  sirrah; saucy fellow ,  hence !	1
signior gremio ,  came you from the church ?	1
an inviting eye ,  and yet methinks right modest .	1
but she, being mortal, of that boy did die; and for her sake do i rear up her boy; and for her sake i will not part with him.	1
i will do so .	1
whatever your highness commands me to do ,  it is always my duty to do it .	1
yes ,  he has .	1
but ,  as we often see a silence in the heavens ,  after some storm ,  the gales stand still ,  the bold winds speechless ,  and the earth below as hushed as death ,  and eventually the dreadful thunder tears the region ,  so ,  after pyrrhus' pause ,  a roused anger renews him and he begins to work ,  and never did the one - eyed monster’s hammers fall on the god of war’s amour ,  forged for eternal strength ,  with less sorrow than pyrrhus' bleeding sword now falls on priam .	1
young men will do't if they come to't by cock, they are to blame.	1
no more yet of this, for ‘tis a chronicle of day by day, not a relation for a breakfast, nor befitting this first meeting.	1
tis best to give him way .	1
really ,  cousin ,  it’s him .	1
just because i act familiar with you sometimes and let you fool around and joke with me ,  you try to take advantage of my affection .	1
thou didst smile, infused with a fortitude from heaven, when i have decked the sea with drops full salt, under my burden groaned; which raised in me an undergoing stomach, to bear up against what should ensue.	1
what, ho!	1
i would i could see this taborer .	1
so please your lordship to accept our duty .	1
i would’ve given it to you this morning ,  but a madman’s letters aren’t gospel ,  so it doesn’t matter much if i’m a bit late .	1
how are you ,  hamlet ?	1
your name is lucentio ,  you say .	1
if you only knew how you appreciate the purpose while you mock it like this !	1
nature in you stands on the very verge of his confine .	1
i might have saved her .	1
but when you are with him ,  your angel is weakened and easily frightened .	1
i can’t go any further ,  sir .	1
i must needs report the truth .	1
madam ,  i shall obey you in all fair commands .	1
where is he ?	1
listen !	1
why, with my lord, madam.	1
come ,  let’s be off !	1
you know i’m powerful enough to make you pay for this .	1
holy saint francis !	1
though i have far more reason ,  i don’t have as much energy to curse you .	1
we’ll know all our fortunes .	1
when they do choose ,  they have the wisdom by their wit to lose .	1
mark antony shall say i’m not well ,  and ,  to make you happy ,  i’ll stay home .	1
by mary, a perfumed one.	1
i saw him yesterday ” —or  “ t' other day ,  ”  or then ,  or then ,  with such or such— “ and ,  as you say ,  there was he gaming ,  there o'ertook in’s rouse ,  there falling out at tennis ,  ”  or ,  perchance ,   “ i saw him enter such a house of sale ” —   your bait of falsehood takes this carp of truth .	1
yet here's a spot.	1
give me too much of it ,  so i’ll get sick of it and stop loving .	1
i only believe part of it ,  because my spirit is fresh ,  and i am resolved to meet all perils very constantly .	1
you may come across better food ,  but not a warmer welcome .	1
oh  ,  stay but till then !	1
you are to bring his daughter to the supper .	1
younger than you, here in verona, ladies of esteem, are made already mothers.	1
quiet for awhile . —robin ,  take off this head .	1
isn’t there a guard around ?	1
tis done already ,  and the messenger gone .	1
i am a very villain if i don’t.	1
no, honestly.	1
i am very glad of it; i'll plague him, i'll torture him; i am glad of it.	1
though news be sad ,  yet tell them merrily .	1
enough !	1
i long to be immortal .	1
the man who gives away his crust and his crumbs will discover that he needs some crumbs back .	1
he knows not the stop .	1
they laugh that win.	1
get me a taper in my study ,  lucius .	1
no .	1
but let him come .	1
uncle !	1
lorenzo ,  to be sure and my love indeed ,  because who do love i so much ?	1
is it they?	1
here comes young mr .  ganymede ,  my new mistress’s brother .	1
well done!	1
don’t come in here ,  uncle !	1
good night .	1
whether he was combined with those of norway ,  or did line the rebel with hidden help and vantage ,  or that with both he labored in his country’s wrack ,  i know not; but treasons capital ,  confessed and proved ,  have overthrown him .	1
if she should break the moment now!	1
it seems to be the truth.	1
and i serve the fairy queen  to dew her orbs upon the green .	1
flute ,  you must take the role of thisbe .	1
lo ,  where he comes !	1
my lord ,  he refuses to come .	1
what do you call the play ?	1
now ,  noble buckingham ,  seal this alliance by embracing my wife’s friends ,  and make me happy in your unity .	1
and i .	1
i know, iago, thy honesty and love doth mince this matter, making it light to cassio.	1
what !	1
i wish the foolish girl were married to her grave!	1
if i don’t do all this ,  never trust me again .	1
for my part, i do not lie in't, yet it is mine.	1
your friends.	1
goodbye, i'll be a better talker by dinner.	1
your clothes aren’t spattered with my family’s blood ,  and you aren’t affected by my curse .	1
lily - livered coward ,  what’s he doing there ?	1
make my blood thick, stop up the ways remorse can get into and leave my body, that no feelings of guilt keep me from what i intend to do, or put guilt between the consequences and the deed!	1
since no man of aught he leaves knows ,  what is ’t to leave betimes ?	1
too bad it fell flat .	1
i will do so .	1
i have sent to bid cassio to come and speak with you.	1
what ,  ho !	1
why do you look so pale?	1
i won’t bet on whether or not any of this is real .	1
for those of old ,  and the late dignities heap'd up to them ,  we rest your hermits .	1
where is my lord ?	1
uncomfortable time, why do you come now to murder, murder our solemnity?	1
merciful heaven !	1
thus have i ,  wall ,  my part dischargèd so .	1
judge ,  o you gods ,  how dearly caesar loved him !	1
come here, good volumnius; listen to a few words.	1
or stole it ,  rather .	1
unfold it .	1
i hope she will be brief .	1
and i for ganymede .	1
what is pyramus ?	1
many men use that excuse to avoid giving gifts .	1
and speak parrot ?	1
to race after your departing ships ,  leaving his navy to watch ,  was a shame as great as the resulting loss .	1
do it not with poison .	1
yes.	1
to tell you where he lodges ,  is to tell you where i lie .	1
how came her eyes so bright ?	1
oh, me!	1
mistress ,  dispatch you with your safest haste ,  and get you from our court .	1
i do.	1
i thank thee for that gird ,  good tranio .	1
that way we can conceal how many of us there are ,  and macbeth’s spies will give him inaccurate reports .	1
thy garments are not spotted with our blood ,  nor thou within the compass of my curse .	1
a murderer should look like you do ,  so pale and grim .	1
you know that i held epicurus strong, and his opinion.	1
his spirits are listening to me ,  but i can’t help cursing him anyway .	1
will she go to bed now ?	1
an if thou could'st, thou could'st not make him live.	1
with rosaline ,  father ?	1
compounded it with dust ,  whereto 'tis kin .	1
maria ,  our lady wants you .	1
that’s not an office for a friend ,  my lord .	1
she’s probably right .	1
ay ,  sir .	1
go get yourself a seat .	1
trust me, i am glad about it.	1
your hands are quicker than mine for a fight; my legs are longer, though, to run away.	1
but do not look for further recompense than thine own gladness that thou art employed .	1
no more that thane of cawdor shall deceive our bosom interest: go pronounce his present death ,  and with his former title greet macbeth .	1
let her come in.	1
take yourself a convent .	1
this is a bad joke of theirs to frighten me.	1
farewell .	1
o you hard hearts ,  you cruel men of rome ,  knew you not pompey ?	1
o kate ,  content thee .	1
dost thou not bring me letters from the friar?	1
look ,  my lord ,  it comes !	1
may the heavens make our presence and our practices pleasant and helpful to him !	1
o father abram ,  what these christians are ,  whose own hard dealings teaches them suspect the thoughts of others !	1
go ,  and hurry back to bring us her reply and news of her state of mind .	1
catch me ,  catch me ,  wife .	1
let them set on at once ,  for i perceive but cold demeanor in octavius' wing ,  and sudden push gives them the overthrow .	1
masters ,  never speak ,  we charge you ,  let us obey you go with us .	1
oh strange!	1
must i remember?	1
yes, good my lord.	1
i do not well understand that.	1
this visitation is but to whet thy almost blunted purpose.	1
the king has bet six barbary horses ,  and he has prepared six french rapiers and daggers with all their accessories .	1
now i'll tell you without asking.	1
what's here ?	1
i’m afraid that i wrong the honorable men whose daggers have stabbed caesar .	1
ah ,  i’m an odd kind of guy .	1
then make a ring about the corse of caesar ,  and let me show you him that made the will .	1
i have heard it said so .	1
bring me the fairest creature born in the north ,  where the sun’s fire hardly thaws the icicles ,  and let’s make a cut for your love to prove whose blood is reddest ,  his or mine .	1
goodbye .	1
ay, that they do, my lord, hercules and his load too.	1
but don’t be too tame either, but let your own discretion be your teacher.	1
marry ,  i’ll teach you .	1
out alas!	1
give me my sword.	1
who can control his fate ?	1
tis time we twain did show ourselves i’ th’ field ,  and to that end assemble we immediate council .	1
indeed i should have asked you that before.	1
rather than so, come, fate, into the list, and champion me to the utterance!	1
peace!	1
i can stay with regan ,  i and my hundred knights .	1
i must go to his house and tell his wife that he came bursting into my place like a lunatic and stole my ring .	1
good monster !	1
at home, my lord.	1
lucillius and titinius ,  bid the commanders prepare to lodge their companies tonight .	1
you shall read us the will, caesar's will.	1
see how he stands between two clergymen !	1
he will ,  if he lives to be a man .	1
it is meat and drink to me to see a clown .	1
i have used it ,  nuncle ,  ever since thou madest thy daughters thy mothers .	1
out, you green-sickness carrion!	1
i couldn’t stay behind after you left .	1
wrong i mine enemies ?	1
is he not honest ?	1
thyself art coming to see performed the dreaded act which thou so sought’st to hinder .	1
ha !	1
the sailors are all below deck ,  sleeping both from their labor and from a magic spell i cast over them .	1
what noise is that ?	1
why ,  for that too .	1
how goes the night, boy?	1
unless philosophy can make a juliet ,  displant a town ,  reverse a prince's doom ,  it helps not ,  it prevails not .	1
the town is empty; on the brow o' the sea stand ranks of people, and they cry, “a sail!” my hopes do shape him for the governor.	1
i beg you, keep up your jokes.	1
fool !	1
no ,  it begins again .	1
and after this ,  let caesar sit more securely on his throne ,  because we will shake him from there ,  or endure worse days .	1
shall i have the thought to think on this; and shall i lack the thought that such a thing ,  bechanc'd ,  would make me sad ?	1
give him no breath ,  but now make boot of his distraction .	1
soft ,  here follows prose .	1
my lord ,  he just left here .	1
he ,  when he hears of her ,  cannot refrain from excessive laughter .	1
marry, patience, or i shall say you are all in all in spleen, and nothing of a man.	1
sweet, do not scorn her so.	1
his very genius hath taken the infection of the device ,  man .	1
tis now the very witching time of night ,  when churchyards yawn ,  and hell itself breathes out contagion to this world .	1
anon.	1
here i am.	1
get me ink and paper and hire posthorses .	1
who’s that ?	1
why ,  there ,  there ,  there ,  there !	1
oh ,  antony ,  antony ,  antony !	1
oh wife ,  look at how our daughter bleeds !	1
madam ,  i will .	1
come on ,  let’s go see the king .	1
this is not an act of man, nor any sound like those on earth:—i hear it now above me.	1
has this fellow no feeling of his business ?	1
you had better go in.	1
and ,  for as the first installment of a greater honor ,  he ordered me ,  from him ,  to call you baron of cawdor .	1
saints do not move, though they do grant favors for prayers' sake.	1
both of you know banquo was your enemy.	1
everyone that does so is a traitor and must be hanged.	1
you have taken it wiselier than i meant you should .	1
she herself is as valuable as any dowry could ever be .	1
ay ,  my good lord .	1
by-and-by is easily said.	1
here comes the man;—to him ,  father; for i am a jew if i serve the jew any longer .	1
if i only had the means to compete with one of them ,  i have a mind that predicts such good luck for me that i will undoubtedly be a very lucky one .	1
as from your graves rise up ,  and walk like sprites ,  to countenance this horror !	1
will you tear impatient answers from my gentle tongue?	1
brutus ,  bait not me .	1
were not my doors locked up and i shut out ?	1
my noble lord— what is it ,  iago ?	1
they have made him drink alms - drink .	1
doubt thou the stars are fire; doubt that the sun doth move; doubt truth to be a liar; but never doubt i love .	1
who calls?	1
he supped at my house ,  but i therefore shake not .	1
for besides these beneficial news ,  it is the celebration of his nuptial .	1
where's romeo's man?	1
thou canst not speak of that thou dost not feel .	1
did my heart love till now?	1
by my holy order, i thought thy disposition better temper'd.	1
what ,  is brutus sick ,  and will he steal out of his wholesome bed to dare the vile contagion of the night and tempt the rheumy and unpurged air to add unto his sickness ?	1
what now ,  sweet queen !	1
rest you merry!	1
if you have any pity, grace, or manners, you would not make me such an argument.	1
they say the owl was a baker's daughter.	1
read it .	1
take thou that .	1
my lord ?	1
but there’s no goodness in thy face—if antony be free and healthful ,  so tart a favor to trumpet such good tidings !	1
i don’t think it’s a good idea .	1
think what you will, i am your lover's grace; and like limander, i am still trusty.	1
by the world ,  i think my wife be honest and think she is not .	1
who i am and what i want are a secret .	1
for ,  by this light of heaven ,  i know not how i lost him .	1
come you ,  sir .	1
i do consent— prick him down ,  antony .	1
but who comes here ?	1
he doth nothing but frown ,  as who should say ,   “ an you will not have me ,  choose .  ”  he hears merry tales and smiles not .	1
i would thou wert so happy by thy stay to hear true shrift . —come ,  madam ,  let’s away .	1
the meat was fine if you wanted to eat it .	1
have you not set mine honor at the stake ,  and baited it with all the unmuzzled thoughts that tyrannous heart can think ?	1
nonsense .	1
is she not down so late, or up so early?	1
indeed !	1
how absolutely clever this chap is !	1
there is no rest to be had in any bedroom where you are !	1
o loving hate !	1
there’s hardly a bush for miles around .	1
have you had quiet guard ?	1
therefore ,  have done .	1
be quiet ,  be quiet .	1
while he and i are at one ,  my loyal servant catesby will be at the other ,  so nothing will happen that we won’t find out about .	1
well ,  thou hast comforted me marvellous much .	1
dear sovereign ,  hear me speak .	1
my lord ,  my lord— i will not hear you .	1
good luck ,  sir .	1
we must starve our sight from lovers' food till morrow deep midnight .	1
i’d rather have a handful or two of dried peas .	1
my gentle puck ,  come hither .	1
think about it .	1
if you survive ,  i’ll live .	1
o inhuman dog!	1
you'll not endure him?	1
i am that merry wanderer of the night.	1
and if it doesn’t go well ,  then you can keep her hidden in a nunnery ,  the best place for someone with her kind of dirtied reputation—away from the public’s eyes ,  tongues ,  mind ,  and insults .	1
this is a foolish man without merit, good to be sent on errands.	1
how oddly it will sound that i must ask my child for forgiveness!	1
your answer to that ?	1
stop ,  brave lady ,  stop !	1
an excellent motion .	1
why ,  so did you .	1
i beg your pardon ,  sir— what did that guy say ?	1
you have me, have you not?	1
sir ,  do you know who i am ?	1
laertes ,  you shall hear them .	1
i go, and it is done: the bell invites me.	1
you may convey your pleasures in a spacious plenty and yet seem cold, the time you may so hoodwink.	1
i have a strange infirmity ,  which is nothing to those that know me .	1
o !	1
i will confess to you that i love him.	1
o gentle lady ,  don’t ask me ,  because i am nothing if not critical .	1
an you'll come to supper tonight, you may; an you will not, come when you are next prepared for.	1
what was the second noise for?	1
do i blame nature for being so thrifty ?	1
god be with you all .	1
who's within?	1
now be quiet .	1
and for thy life let justice be accus'd.	1
oh ,  if you are the same egeon ,  speak now ,  and speak to that same emilia !	1
o ,  speak again ,  bright angel !	1
i have put on those sheets you asked me to.	1
then ,  with your will ,  go on .	1
i have done no harm .	1
the sooner ,  sweet ,  for you .	1
there was blow for blow .	1
trust me ,  sweet ,  out of this silence yet i picked a welcome; and in the modesty of fearful duty i read as much as from the rattling tongue of saucy and audacious eloquence .	1
but she, because she was mortal, died giving birth to the boy; and, for her sake, i am raising him, and, for her sake, i will not part with him.	1
my leg is cut in two .	1
there came divers of antonio's creditors in my company to venice, that swear he cannot choose but break.	1
master ,  young gentleman ,  i pray you which is the way to master jew's ?	1
for your life you durst not .	1
since you left ,  i’ve been enjoying the sweetest sleep and most promising dreams i’ve ever had ,  my lords .	1
rebels it at these years ?	1
aren’t you my father ?	1
no ,  by this heavenly light !	1
no ,  sooth ,  sir .	1
i’ve been transformed somehow ,  haven’t i ,  master ?	1
who is to be buried in it?	1
there attend my coming .	1
but that’s not how you’re going to be .	1
tis the curse of service .	1
rosalind ,  i have to leave you for two hours .	1
nothing ,  good monsieur ,  but to help cavalery cobweb to scratch .	1
go tell him of this.	1
give me my sword .	1
younger than she are happy mothers made .	1
within this three mile may you see it coming; i say ,  a moving grove .	1
keep that promise ,  love .	1
but ,  till the king come forth ,  and not till then ,  unto southampton do we shift our scene .	1
juliet, i’ll wake you up early on thursday early.	1
a piece of work that will make sick men well again .	1
what is it else?	1
thy lips are warm!	1
i will not leave him now till cassio be called to him . —how is ’t with you ,  my lord ?	1
i can’t tell what you and other men think of this life; but, for myself alone, i would rather not live to be in awe of such a thing as i’m.	1
just now a tailor showed me fabrics he bought especially for me and then started to take my measurements .	1
who can control his fate ?	1
the gods protect him from so great a shame !	1
thou torturest me, tubal: it was my turquoise: i had it of leah, when i was a bachelor: i would not have given it for a wilderness of monkeys.	1
use them according to your class .	1
nothing ,  messala .	1
i warrant it is to knight you ,  captain .	1
now curse my manners and my pride if hermia meant to say lysander lied!	1
alas now ,  pray you ,  work not so hard .	1
no ,  he did not .	1
i leave you at once.	1
being satisfied with a job well done is payment enough .	1
mine eyes are made the fools o’ the other senses ,  or else worth all the rest .	1
not in my house ,  lucentio .	1
this is trebonius.	1
a bawd ,  a bawd ,  a bawd !	1
give me your hands all over ,  one by one .	1
i have done the deed .	1
o, tell me, friar, tell me, in what vile part of this anatomy does my name live?	1
let’s stay and watch a while .	1
never so rich a gem was set in worse than gold.	1
and speak parrot ?	1
they deserved to keep their heads more than some people who have managed to keep their positions .	1
a most ridiculous monster ,  to make a wonder of a poor drunkard !	1
i can never be proud of what i hate ,  but i can be thankful even for hate that is meant to be love .	1
i do not ,  sir .	1
for what ,  please tell me ?	1
if thou rememberest aught ere thou camest here ,  how thou camest here thou mayst .	1
true ,  my lord .	1
if you complain any more ,  i’ll split an oak tree and lock you up in it till you’ve howled for twelve years .	1
in a fit of rage she locked you up in a hollow pine tree ,  with the help of her powerful assistants ,  and left you there for twelve years .	1
you gentle romans—     peace ,  ho !	1
my royal lord ,  you’re not entertaining the guests .	1
put him within the reach of my sword ,  and if he escapes ,  may heaven forgive him as well !	1
mr. bassanio, listen to me: if i don’t put on a sober habit, talk with respect, and swear only now and then, wear prayer-books in my pocket, look demurely, no more, while grace is saying, hood my eyes like this with my hat, and sigh, and say “amen;” use all the observances of manners, as one well studied in a sad display in order to please his grandmother, never trust me anymore.	1
marry ,  i'll teach you .	1
since he went into france i have been in continual practice.	1
what should i say to her ?	1
good repose the while !	1
here i have few attendants and subjects none.	1
you yourself shall see the law; because ,  as you insist on justice ,  be assured you shall have justice ,  more than you desire .	1
i could rhyme like that for eight years in a row ,  excepting meal times and sleeping hours .	1
since cassius first did whet me against caesar ,  i have not slept .	1
o brave new world that has such people in it !	1
thou most lying slave ,  whom stripes may move ,  not kindness !	1
oh ,  it offends me to the soul to hear a robustious periwig - pated fellow tear a passion to tatters ,  to very rags ,  to split the ears of the groundlings ,  who for the most part are capable of nothing but inexplicable dumb - shows and noise .	1
bring me but to the very brim of it ,  and i’ll repair the misery thou dost bear with something rich about me .	1
yes ,  caesar ,  but not gone .	1
did michael cassio, when you woo'd my lady, know of your love?	1
i’ll be here again, even with a thought.	1
he hath every month a new sworn brother .	1
honest iago ,  that look'st dead with grieving ,  speak ,  who began this ?	1
you wouldn’t have dared to tempt him so .	1
good hermia, don’t be so angry with me.	1
give me the daggers .	1
you didn’t do anything else to earn this punishment ?	1
when i have praised antony ,  i’ve disparaged caesar .	1
hush ,  grumio .	1
they would be better sentences ,  if you followed them well .	1
no, that were pity; i would entreat you rather to put on your boldest suit of mirth, for we have friends that purpose merriment.	1
find out moonshine ,  find out moonshine !	1
he asked me to give his father this letter, and threatened me with death, going into the tomb, if i didn’t leave, and i left him there.	1
she hath good leave .	1
noble brutus has mounted the platform .	1
that ever i should live to see thee dead .	1
well run ,  thisbe .	1
give him the cup.	1
let the ship sail close to the wind .	1
the problem is that they have to compete with a group of children who yell out their lines and receive outrageous applause for it .	1
heavens rain grace on that which breeds between ’em!	1
most humbly do i take my leave ,  my lord .	1
keep listening .	1
but no beautiful woman has an honest face .	1
i say you are not.	1
then ,  his thisbe must be answered ,  and my creation comes back to the rehearsal .	1
i am your wife ,  if you will marry me .	1
he came with flowers to strew his lady's grave; and bid me stand aloof, and so i did.	1
but if it were ,  doubt not her care should be to comb your noddle with a three - legged stool and paint your face and use you like a fool .	1
you can’t tell a story simply when it’s a lie .	1
god forbid !	1
the table's full .	1
this will put them out of fear .	1
the king shall drink to hamlet’s better breath ,  and in the cup an union shall he throw richer than that which four successive kings in denmark’s crown have worn .	1
and i.	1
the french have reinforced their scattered men .	1
how often, when men are at the point of death have they been happy?!	1
tis time that i were gone .	1
it will be rain tonight .	1
o ,  then by day where wilt thou find a cavern dark enough to mask thy monstrous visage ?	1
i wonder of their being here together .	1
hail ,  caesar !	1
his name's gonzago .	1
till then sit still, my soul.	1
if there be cords or knives ,  poison or fire ,  or suffocating streams ,  i'll not endure it .	1
celerity is never more admired than by the negligent .	1
lo!	1
march gently ahead to meet him.	1
someone whose mood is as foul as the weather ,  very troubled .	1
o, the world has not a sweeter creature.	1
who, then, shall blame him when his own vexed senses begin to recoil and attack, when all that is within him revolts against him?	1
why he more than another?	1
caesar should be a beast without a heart if he should stay at home today for fear.	1
but ,  oh ,  it makes me bitter to look at happiness through another man’s eyes .	1
thou ’dst never fear the net nor lime ,  the pitfall nor the gin .	1
why the king of france is so suddenly gone back know you the reason ?	1
that you do love me, i am nothing jealous; what you would work me to, i have some aim.	1
no harm done .	1
he shall spurn fate, scorn death, and bear his hopes above wisdom, grace, and fear.	1
god and our good cause fight upon our side .	1
a mote will turn the balance, which pyramus, which thisbe, is the better,—he for a man, god warrant us: she for a woman, god bless us!	1
welcome ,  dear rosencrantz and guildenstern .	1
noting this penury ,  to myself i said ,  ‘an if a man did need a poison now whose sale is present death in mantua ,  here lives a caitiff wretch would sell it him . ’ o ,  this same thought did but forerun my need ,  and this same needy man must sell it me .	1
only one word with one of us?	1
very like; one of them is a plain fish, and no doubt marketable.	1
how came he mad ?	1
who did strike out the light ?	1
though that the queen on special cause is here ,  her army is moved on .	1
if he filled his vacancy with his voluptuousness ,  full surfeits and the dryness of his bones call on him for ’t .	1
and when she is peevish and perverse ,  sullen ,  sour ,  and disobedient to his honest wishes ,  what is she but a loathsome ,  warlike rebel and an ungrateful traitor to her loving lord ?	1
i would not follow him then .	1
not all the dukes of waterish burgundy can buy this unprized precious maid of me . — bid them farewell ,  cordelia ,  though unkind .	1
let’s hear it .	1
all torment ,  trouble ,  wonder and amazement live here .	1
they know by th’ height ,  the lowness ,  or the mean ,  if dearth or foison follow .	1
for i am trinculo—be not afeard—thy good friend trinculo .	1
approach and speak .	1
he is then a giant to an ape; but then is an ape a doctor to such a man .	1
she doesn’t have anything going for her so far .	1
dear love ,  adieu !	1
ay ,  past all surgery .	1
call you ?	1
so - so ”  is good ,  very good ,  an excellent answer .	1
let husbands know their wives have sense like them .	1
oh !	1
i hope this explanation will stand as my excuse .	1
o excellent young man !	1
but she ,  because she was mortal ,  died giving birth to the boy; and ,  for her sake ,  i am raising him ,  and ,  for her sake ,  i will not part with him .	1
we’ll hear a play tomorrow .	1
trow you whither i am going ?	1
hear me for my cause ,  and be silent that you may hear .	1
i have done ,  my lord .	1
come ,  you are too severe a moraler .	1
yes ,  my lord .	1
our era should be ashamed !	1
remember you !	1
not i ,  my lord ,  by heaven !	1
o ,  she is lame !	1
these moors are changeable in their wills:—fill thy purse with money .	1
you can command a beggar to bow on bended knee ,  but can you take possession of his health ?	1
call him in .	1
welcome .	1
oh ,  caesar ,  this charmian lived but now .	1
good - night .	1
one word more ,  honest neighbors .	1
here in this island we arrived ,  and here have i ,  thy schoolmaster ,  made thee more profit than other princesess’ can ,  that have more time for vainer hours and tutors not so careful .	1
are these ,  i pray you ,  wind instruments ?	1
her ladies - in - waiting saw her go to bed ,  and early this morning the bed was empty .	1
make assay .	1
what beard were i best to play it in ?	1
i have made bold ,  iago ,  to send in to your wife .	1
no ,  make it two more .	1
here ,  peter quince .	1
what likelihood?	1
what wicked and dissembling glass of mine made me compare with hermia's sphery eyne ?	1
a bright day brings out the black, poison snake, and that means we must walk carefully.	1
relent ?	1
bow ,  stubborn knees; and heart with strings of steel ,  be soft as sinews of the new - born babe !	1
i pray ,  sir ,  can you read ?	1
this wretch hath part confess'd his villainy.	1
out of the frying pan and into the fire—from a tyrant duke to a tyrant brother !	1
seek to know no more .	1
ay ,  ’twas he that told me on her first .	1
to take the widow exasperates ,  makes mad her sister goneril ,  and hardly shall i carry out my side ,  her husband being alive .	1
my dismal scene i needs must act alone.	1
alas ,  why would you heap this care on me ?	1
he said he was going to buy me a necklace ,  but i never saw it .	1
tis unnatural, even like the deed that's done.	1
fare you well ,  my dove !	1
in the name of truth ,  are you fantastic beings or indeed what you look like ?	1
but you ,  sir ,  altered that ,  for some hour before you took me from the breach of the sea was my sister drowned .	1
a piece of ice .	1
fortune is happy today and ,  in this mood ,  will give us anything we want .	1
my lord ,  i say !	1
that’s all .	1
mercy only murders us ,  pardoning those that kill .	1
hast thou slain him then ?	1
if that thy bent of love be honourable, thy purpose marriage, send me word to-morrow, by one that i'll procure to come to thee, where and what time thou wilt perform the rite; and all my fortunes at thy foot i'll lay and follow thee my lord throughout the world.	1
this casket threatens .	1
do you bite your thumb at us ,  sir ?	1
so every bondman in his own hand bears the power to cancel his captivity.	1
i am not  “ i ,  ”  if there be such an  “ i ,  ”  or those eyes shut that make you answer  “ i .  ”  if he is slain ,  say  “ i; ”  or if not ,  say  “ no .  ”  brief sounds determine my wealth or sorrows .	1
with one cut you can be through paying money to naples .	1
begin ,  murderer .	1
let’s drink through midnight .	1
you’re still here ,  laertes !	1
what kind of scheme do you have going together ?	1
no ,  i don’t .	1
you know i say nothing to him ,  for he understands not me ,  nor i him .	1
disobedient wretch !	1
whoever bound him ,  i will loose his bonds and gain a husband by his liberty . — speak ,  old egeon ,  if thou be’st the man that hadst a wife once called emilia ,  that bore thee at a burden two fair sons .	1
brutus is wise ,  and ,  if he were not in good health ,  he would do something about it .	1
listen how these instruments summon us to supper!	1
did you see anything ?	1
what are you doing ?	1
and mine ,  a hundred and forty .	1
no ,  my lord .	1
offspring of a witch, come here!	1
he’s not your man .	1
oh ,  the good gods !	1
o ,  that's an honest fellow .	1
there ,  my lord .	1
so we grew together ,  like to a double cherry—seeming parted but yet an union in partition— two lovely berries molded on one stem;	1
speak .	1
tell me the truth .	1
join your witchcraft with your beauty ,  and let antony’s lust combine with both .	1
oh ,  this is treachery !	1
nurse ,  commend me to thy lady and mistress .	1
sing me now to sleep ,  then go to your tasks ,  and let me rest .	1
then ,  good my lord ,  teach your cousin to consent winking .	1
thou art armed ,  gloucester .	1
and i am brutus ,  marcus brutus .	1
when you avoid one trap ,  you fall into another .	1
so i expect his .	1
why is this  “ impawned ,  ”  as you call it ?	1
what stunning ,  exquisite ,  and unmatchable beauty—but please ,  tell me if you’re the lady of the house ,  because i’ve never seen her .	1
your fortune stood upon the caskets there ,  and so did mine too ,  as the matter falls: for wooing here ,  until i sweat again ,  and swearing until my very roof was dry with oaths of love ,  at last , —if promise last , — i got a promise of this fair one here ,  to have her love ,  provided that your fortune achiev'd her mistress .	1
is this a dagger which i see before me, the handle toward my hand?	1
what is the matter, masters?	1
hold you the watch tonight ?	1
and he and i will watch you wake up, and that very night romeo take you there, to mantua.	1
thursday it is ,  then .	1
i will not .	1
then you have to say ,   “ i take you ,  rosalind ,  to be my lawfully wedded wife .  ”  i take you ,  rosalind ,  to be my lawfully wedded wife .	1
i beg your honors’ mercy ,  heartily . —what is your name ?	1
if you are valiant ,  as ,  they say ,  corrupt men being in love have a nobility in their natures that is more than natural to them ,  listen to me .	1
good .	1
belike this show imports the argument of the play .	1
what do you mean by  “ furniture ”  ?	1
when did i say all that ?	1
tis not to make me jealous to say my wife is fair ,  feeds well ,  loves company ,  is free of speech ,  sings ,  plays ,  and dances .	1
these fogs which, falling in the land, have made every rough river so high that they have flooded the continents where they flow.	1
four days will quickly steep themselves in night .	1
just look at me kindly ,  and i’m invincible against their hatred .	1
i know by that same eye there’s some good news .	1
and it’s very much lamented ,  brutus ,  that you don’t have any mirrors that will let you see your own hidden worthiness ,  any mirrors that you might let you see your shadow .	1
let us prepare for our wedding . —on that day ,  i’ll take your oath of loyalty ,  my lord of burgundy and all my peers ,  to guarantee my treaty .	1
and then i will be in charge of your sorrows, and lead you even to death.	1
there’s no one else here .	1
but ,  remember— because that's my business to you , —that you three from milan replaced good prospero; exposed him and his innocent child to the sea ,  which has repaid it: for which evil deed ,  the powers ,  delaying but not forgetting ,  have angered the seas and shores ,  yes ,  all the creatures ,  against your peace of mind .	1
i doubt it .	1
i’m proud to be sir rowland’s son—his youngest son—and i would never change that ,  not even to be frederick’s adopted heir .	1
and what other oath than honesty to honesty promised that this promise shall be ,  or we will die for it ?	1
hold you the watch tonight?	1
a foolish heart that i leave here behind.	1
gainst nature still!	1
i have a speech of fire ,  that fain would blaze but that this folly drowns it .	1
o ,  how we joy to see your wit restored !	1
you need to sleep .	1
o cassio, whence came this?	1
o, hardness to lie!	1
his nurse ,  grandmother .	1
adultery ?	1
oh pain !	1
it’s true ,  good lieutenant .	1
let us be sacrificers, but not butchers, caius.	1
stay here .	1
now, sir, her father thinks it’s dangerous that she gives in so much to her grief; and, in his wisdom, hurries our marriage to stop the flood of her tears, which, if she does too much crying by herself, may make her too depressed to function in society.	1
younger than you ,  here in verona ,  ladies of esteem ,  are made already mothers .	1
your dinner and the generous islanders you invited ,  wait for your presence .	1
anything that’s mended is only patched up .	1
call peter, he’ll show you where they are.	1
therefore ,  tell me ,  what is he doing at sea ?	1
there is no world without verona walls ,  only purgatory ,  torture ,  hell itself .	1
dun's the mouse, the constable's own word!	1
will he bring his army ?	1
they were poisoned ,  then .	1
and then ,  i admit ,  he may do danger ,  at his will ,  with a sting that we put in him .	1
observe his construction of it .	1
what is it else ?	1
we talk here in the public haunt of men.	1
they’re pretty busy in there .	1
let’s look for some desolate shade and there cry our hearts out.	1
i will not stay to offend you .	1
it would become me as well as it does you ,  and i should do it with much more ease ,  for my good will is to it and yours it is against .	1
well ,  i’ll there .	1
has his largest ship lost ,  coming from tripolis .	1
she must change for youth .	1
for they were parted with foul and violent tempest .	1
for juliet’s sake ,  for her sake ,  rise and stand up .	1
not yet .	1
if wolves had been howling outside your gate at the heart of that storm ,  you would’ve told your doorman to let them in ,  despite all the cruelties you inflict on the world .	1
and yet, to me, what is this highly refined speck of dust?	1
who has a breast so pure that some unclean thoughts keep court records and legal holidays ,  and sit in session with lawful deliberations ?	1
well, what is it?	1
well, well.	1
a trade ,  sir ,  that ,  i hope ,  i may use with a safe con -  science ,  which is indeed ,  sir ,  a mender of bad soles .	1
if thou more murmur’st ,  i will rend an oak and peg thee in his knotty entrails till thou hast howled away twelve winters .	1
yes indeed it is ,  sir .	1
do you see, gentlemen?	1
to make me blessed or cursed among men !	1
turn the sands into eloquent tongues ,  and my horse is argument for them all .	1
set it down .	1
will you come immediately ?	1
vile earth ,  to earth resign .	1
hall to you ,  lady !	1
do you know who i am ?	1
what blessed work ,  my king .	1
i pray you ,  sir ,  hold your hand .	1
now thou and i are new in amity, and will tomorrow midnight solemnly dance in duke theseus' house triumphantly, and bless it to all fair prosperity.	1
heaven stops the nose at it ,  and the moon winks; the bawdy wind ,  that kisses all it meets ,  is hush'd within the hollow mine of earth ,  and will not hear it .	1
but woo her ,  gentle paris ,  get her love .	1
this is above all strangeness .	1
it is the cause.	1
you’re a fellow of a good respect; your life has some smack of honor in it .	1
how wonderful my master is !	1
goodbye ,  goodbye !	1
o, there has been much throwing about of brains.	1
therefore ,  fair hermia ,  question your desires .	1
see ,  the snail already has its horns ,  which prevents nasty rumors from spreading about his wife’s infidelity .	1
nor have we herein barr'd your better wisdoms ,  which have freely gone with this affair along .	1
you don’t need to be afraid, lady, of having any of these lords; they have told me their intentions, which is indeed to go back to their homes, and to trouble you with no more suits, unless you may be won by some other way than your father's command, that getting you depends on the chests.	1
come ,  go with me .	1
he was a man ,  take him for all in all; i shall not look upon his like again .	1
now ,  good - bye .	1
please don’t let his youth be an impediment to giving him the utmost respect ,  because i never knew so young a body with so old a head .	1
but here’s a paper with caesar’s seal on it .	1
saw who ?	1
away ,  you black giant !	1
what, not dare to tempt him?	1
yes ,  even if i had a thousand more pounds than that ,  for i hear that you are  me ,  too .	1
what devil was't that thus hath cozen'd you at hoodman-blind?	1
i’ll not endure it .	1
it’s nothing .	1
tis not in the bond .	1
i frown upon him ,  yet he loves me still .	1
he has a father ,  and yet he's fatherless .	1
it’s a wild night .	1
trinculo ,  if you interrupt him any more ,  i swear i’ll knock some teeth out of your head .	1
well, well, you have a careful father, child; one who, to put you past all this grief, has sorted out a surprise happy day that you hadn’t expected, and i hadn’t looked for.	1
the storm is up, and all is on the hazard.	1
i there it goes, silver!	1
o, she says nothing, sir, but weeps and weeps; and now falls on her bed; and then starts up, and calls tybalt, and then cries over romeo, and then falls down again.	1
so foolish sorrows bids your stones farewell .	1
he speaks well.	1
sir !	1
but yet i cannot love him; he might have took his answer long ago .	1
yes ,  in truth it is ,  sir .	1
i have had a dream, past the wit of man to say what dream it was.	1
don’t argue against it .	1
and yet i fear you; because you are deadly when your eyes roll so.	1
what tidings can you tell me of my lord ?	1
so is he mine, and in such bloody distance that every minute of his being thrusts against my near'st of life: and though i could with barefaced power sweep him from my sight and bid my will avouch it, yet i must not, for certain friends that are both his and mine, whose loves i may not drop, but wail his fall who i myself struck down.	1
your royal father's murdered .	1
have you pray'd tonight, desdemona?	1
captain of our fairy band ,  helena is here at hand ,  and the youth mistaken by me pleading for her love; shall we watch what they’re doing ?	1
by mary, to… come, captain, will you go?	1
be factious for redress of all these griefs ,  and i will set this foot of mine as far as who goes farthest .	1
why, man, they did make love to this job.	1
what did he tell you ,  ophelia ?	1
my lord?	1
the queen desires you to use some gentle entertainment to laertes before you start to play .	1
a most unhappy one .	1
i must go to england, you know that?	1
here comes lorenzo;—more of this hereafter.	1
change you color ?	1
all that's spoken is marred .	1
it’s so too .	1
things at the worst will cease, or else climb upward to what they were before.	1
ay ,  and a subtle ,  as he most learnedly delivered .	1
ho, guildenstern!	1
when caesar lived, he durst not thus have moved me.	1
i must take out the work ?	1
nor i .	1
but since ,  so jump upon this bloody question ,  you from the polack wars ,  and you from england ,  are here arrived ,  give order that these bodies high on a stage be placed to the view; and let me speak to the yet unknowing world how these things came about .	1
call peter ,  he’ll show you where they are .	1
then bid them prepare dinner.	1
name what part i am for, and proceed.	1
i tell you ,  churlish priest ,  my sister shall be a ministering angel when you lie howling .	1
ay ,  if the devil tempt you to do good .	1
have you not set lysander ,  as in scorn ,  to follow me and praise my eyes and face ?	1
i got it from you—i never said i didn’t .	1
casca ,  i can tell by your voice .	1
would you desire lime and hair to speak better?	1
we’ll give you an answer tomorrow .	1
oh ,  how fortunate that horse is to have antony on him .	1
clerk ,  draw up a deed of gift .	1
say ‘better.’ here comes one of my master's kinsmen.	1
faint ,  fall down—if you don’t ,  then you’re lying about my eyes being murderers .	1
why ,  lamb !	1
what if this mixture doesn’t work at all ?	1
how every fool can play on the word!	1
see, who comes here?	1
i’ll run from this woman who claims to be my wife as fast as i’d run from a bear .	1
o antony, beg not your death of us!	1
doesn’t a jew have hands ,  bodily organs ,  a human shape ,  five senses ,  feelings ,  and passions ?	1
he hath known you but three days ,  and already you are no stranger .	1
this mortal house i’ll ruin ,  do caesar what he can .	1
didst thou see any thing?	1
o wretched villain!	1
i'll fetch them ,  sir .	1
good sir ,  as a friend ,  i advise you to leave this place .	1
no warmth ,  no breath shall testify thou livest .	1
she can’t deny it .	1
that’s more than we know .	1
but in this case of wooing ,  a child shall father his own father—if my wits don’t fail me .	1
o you public commoner!	1
he is a subject for a king to contemplate ,  and for a king’s king to ride on ,  and for the world at large—both friend and stranger—to stop whatever they are doing and marvel at .	1
it’s another such polecat!	1
hood my unmann'd blood ,  bating in my cheeks ,  with thy black mantle till strange love ,  grown bold ,  think true love acted simple modesty .	1
why are you defying me in this urgent matter ?	1
o noble caesar !	1
most horrible !	1
i must embrace thee .	1
poor desdemona !	1
say that i did all this for love of her .	1
what means this shouting ?	1
tybalt’s death would be bad enough if that was all .	1
the name of cassius honors this corruption ,  and chastisement doth therefore hide his head .	1
nor i know not where i did lodge last night .	1
people don’t cry when they’re mocking someone .	1
so much for this ,  sir .	1
i recognize a natural and prompt speed that i find in hardness ,  and undertake these present wars against the ottoman .	1
i’m not that stupid .	1
you were to blame, i must be plain with you, to part so slightly with your wife's first gift; a thing stuck on with oaths upon your finger, and so riveted with faith unto your flesh.	1
well ,  then ,  be brave and pretend to be a man .	1
as i came down?	1
i’ll be with you right away .	1
no words can that woe sound .	1
peace ,  ho !	1
i have wasted myself out of my means.	1
ay, my good lord.	1
other countries criticize us for our loud partying .	1
but why did you leave me so unkindly ?	1
am i to come near you now ?	1
gone ?	1
why ,  how now ,  ho !	1
lysander ,  keep thy hermia .	1
his affections do not that way tend .	1
i am sure, the duke will never grant this forfeiture to hold.	1
what should a man do but be merry ?	1
how shall we beguile the lazy time ,  if not with some delight ?	1
your worship’s friend and launcelot ,  sir .	1
hold then my sword and turn away thy face while i do run upon it .	1
death ,  that has taken her away to make me wail ,  ties up my tongue and will not let me speak .	1
set him before me .	1
despised substance of divinest show !	1
what, will the line stretch out to the crack of doom?	1
your face is mine ,  and you’ve lied about it .	1
so long ?	1
what is do you need?	1
lucentio is your name .	1
lysander riddles very prettily .	1
i was hurt under your arm .	1
o monstrous act!	1
prithee ,  do not turn me about; my stomach is not constant .	1
why don’t you laugh ?	1
what do you want to do ,  desdemona ?	1
tis one iago, ancient to the general.	1
i will not .	1
it does ,  my boy .	1
you shall have none ill ,  sir; for i'll try if they can lick their fingers .	1
i could go on weeping like a woman and bragging about how i will avenge them !	1
no ,  his mouth is stopped; honest iago has taken orders for it .	1
was it not yesterday we spoke together?	1
here ,  kiss the book .	1
wherever you had it, i won’t take out any embroidery.	1
let me choose now .	1
why, so; since you’ve gone, i am a man again.	1
but yet thou art my flesh ,  my blood ,  my daughter— or rather a disease that’s in my flesh ,  which i must needs call mine .	1
in this last storm .	1
o heavy lightness !	1
how are you ,  my lord !	1
if that thou be'st a devil ,  i cannot kill thee .	1
ha !	1
this play isn’t right for you .	1
if she is black and also has a wit ,  she'll find a white that will her blackness fit .	1
faith ,  that was not so well .	1
ay, sooth; so humbled, that he hath left part of his grief with me, to suffer with him.	1
you are passing welcome ,  and so i pray you all to think yourselves .	1
why ,  saw you anything more wonderful ?	1
what wouldst thou have ,  laertes ?	1
why do people love you ?	1
here is the list of every man's name, who are thought to be the best in all athens, to play in our play before the duke and duchess at night on their wedding-day.	1
write from us to him .	1
or rather bottomless ,  that as fast as you pour affection in ,  it runs out .	1
is it possible ,  my lord ?	1
those that hobgoblin call you ,  and sweet puck ,  you do their work ,  and they shall have good luck .	1
fare you well .	1
nay, lay thee down and roar; for thou hast kill'd the sweetest innocent that e'er did lift up eye.	1
maybe i’ll never go home again ,  iago !	1
this king of naples, being an old enemy of mine, listens my brother's request, which was, that he, instead of the promises of allegiance and i don’t know how much protection money, should presently drive me and my family out of the dukedom, and give the fair city of milan, with all the honors to my brother: which, with a treacherous army recruited, on a midnight assigned to the purpose, antonio opened the gates of milan; and, in the dead of darkness, the ones given the job hurried me and your crying self from there.	1
is it possible?	1
first, forward to the temple; after dinner your hazard shall be made.	1
would you do such a deed for all the world?	1
gentlemen !	1
as good a wife as she is ,  that’s how good a husband i am to you .	1
if't be not for some purpose of import, give't me again.	1
look ,  look ,  titinius: are those my tents where i perceive the fire ?	1
i saw him once .	1
thou shalt know the man by the athenian garments he hath on.	1
what think’st thou ?	1
fear me not .	1
the devil must be behind this .	1
i know all of this .	1
you grow exceeding strange: must it be so ?	1
these clothes are good enough to drink in ,  and so be these boots too .	1
also add a tiger's guts ,  for the ingredients of our caldron .	1
hence ,  saucy eunuch !	1
what is thy name ?	1
the little song reminds me of my drowned father .	1
yes ,  and the best looking too .	1
tell me ,  that i may rip the hateful mansion apart .	1
i do not like the office; but sith i am enter'd in this cause so far, prick'd to't by foolish honesty and love, i will go on.	1
a pretty pathetic monster .	1
now when you awake ,  see with yours own fool's eyes .	1
my lord ?	1
forty thousand brothers could not, with all their quantity of love, make up my sum.	1
shylock ,  do you hear ?	1
go softly on .	1
my money’s almost run out .	1
it is even so.	1
only go at once.	1
i am his brother ,  and i love him well .	1
i’m hoping for better .	1
say, what, is horatio there?	1
he took my father grossly ,  full of bread ,  with all his crimes broad blown ,  as flush as may; and how his audit stands ,  who knows save heaven ?	1
here .	1
ay ,  forsooth .	1
are you there, trusty fellow?	1
yes, in faith, my lord.	1
so full of artless jealousy is guilt it spills itself in fearing to be spilt.	1
then but forbear your food a little while whiles ,  like a doe ,  i go to find my fawn and give it food .	1
how have i been behaved ,  that he might stick the small'st opinion on my least misuse ?	1
that’s him .	1
let me tell you, cassius, you yourself are much condemn'd to have an itching palm, to sell and mart your offices for gold to undeservers.	1
give them the foils, young osric.	1
from the earth ,  or the air ?	1
no one has heard anything about him .	1
i do not wish to be the villain that you may think, for the whole space that's in the tyrant's grasp and the rich east to boot.	1
i want to get to know you as well ,  good master mustardseed .	1
he looks as though he’s in a great hurry!	1
lady!	1
good night ,  brother .	1
did you have no poison ,  no sharp knife ,  no weapon you could use to kill me quickly ,  nothing so disgraceful ,  except banishment ?	1
let me be resolved.	1
or ,  if his mind be writ ,  give me his letter .	1
and may.	1
to thee ,  that hast nor honesty nor grace .	1
o love !	1
i see thee yet, in form as palpable as this which now i draw.	1
what are you saying ?	1
we will .	1
calmly ,  good laertes .	1
that’s why it’s better for wise men to trumpet their own virtues ,  like i do .	1
upon the talk of the poisoning ?	1
to the storm] blow your wind until you burst ,  so long as there’s room enough for us .	1
your names ?	1
how may the duke be therewith satisfied, whose messengers are here about my side, upon some present business of the state to bring me to him?	1
i’m wounded .	1
o ,  i could cry like a woman with my eyes ,  and brag with my tongue !	1
no metal—not even the executioner’s axe—could ever be half as sharp as your hatred .	1
bring forth the parties of suspicion.	1
all disconsolate ,  with pindarus his bondman ,  on this hill .	1
and so far i’m pleased with the way things have turned out ,  since i find all of this commotion very entertaining .	1
o god !	1
really ,  niece ,  you’ll never get a husband if you keep saying such harsh things about people .	1
who is next?	1
a plague o’ both your houses!	1
but let them measure us by what they will .	1
no ,  not till a hot january .	1
go .	1
o ,  i am slain !	1
come, swear it, damn thyself; lest, being like one of heaven, the devils themselves should fear to seize thee.	1
o thou untaught !	1
do you know them ?	1
i am sorry thou wilt leave my father so; our house is hell, and thou, a merry devil, didst rob it of some taste of tediousness: but fare thee well: there is a ducat for thee.	1
o ,  no; he goes into mauritania ,  and takes the beautiful desdemona away with him ,  unless his living here can be delayed by some accident which no one can be so determined about removing of cassio .	1
we don’t want it at our festivities .	1
let’s go to bed ,  knight .	1
come, let me clutch thee.	1
listen!	1
at my poor house look to behold this night earth-treading stars that make dark heaven light.	1
it must be shortly known to him from england what is the issue of the business there .	1
smilest thou ?	1
a sealed bag ,  two sealed bags of ducats ,  of double ducats ,  stol'n from me by my daughter !	1
a friend .	1
sir ,  my liege ,  do not infest your mind with beating on the strangeness of this business .	1
hence ,  make your best of it .	1
but yet ,  madam— i do not like  “ but yet .  ”  it does allay the good precedence .	1
who is he that is going out the door now?	1
there lives within the very flame of love a kind of wick or snuff that will abate it; and nothing is at a like goodness still; for goodness, growing to a pleurisy, dies in his own too much.	1
no ?	1
i can’t explain it .	1
please, look in.	1
the abuse of greatness is when it disconnects remorse from power, and, to speak truth about caesar, i haven’t known a time when his emotions were swayed more than his reason.	1
tis but one cast away ,  and so ,  come ,  death .	1
he would be a brave monster indeed, if they were set in his tail.	1
to tell you where he lodges, is to tell you where i lie.	1
will you go hide ?	1
all right then ,  confess and live .	1
and even though i’m in a distasteful mood ,  i’ll work on being happy .	1
thank you.	1
hear my soul speak .	1
o treason of the blood!	1
we both have eaten as well ,  and we can both endure the cold winter as well as he .	1
a certain group of educated worms are now biting him .	1
the hay .	1
is it possible ?	1
what ,  ho ,  brabantio !	1
the four strangers seek for you, madam, to take their leave: and there is a forerunner come from a fifth, the prince of morocco; who brings word, the prince, his master, will be here to-night.	1
they’ll tell all .	1
i have been dear to him ,  lad ,  some two thousand strong ,  or so .	1
come with me ,  sir .	1
we shall ,  my lord ,  perform what you command us .	1
god’s peace ,  i would not lose so great an honor as one man more ,  methinks ,  would share from me ,  for the best hope i have .	1
up .	1
by your most gracious pardon ,  i sing but after you .	1
and stay, good nurse, behind the abbey wall.	1
adieu .	1
the will !	1
i am your wife if you will marry me .	1
love ,  and be friends ,  as two such men should be; for i have seen more years ,  i'm sure ,  than ye .	1
get lost !	1
yes ,  dear little chick ,  come along with me . —shut up ,  man !	1
let’s be sacrificers but not butchers ,  caius .	1
and so she did .	1
can such things be, that can overcome us like a summer's cloud, without puzzling us?	1
here's not a nobler man in rome than antony.	1
where’s my fool ? —go call my fool and have him come here .	1
none ,  brutus ,  none .	1
then if he says he loves you, you would be wise to believe it because then being in his particular act and place may do what he says, which is what the majority of people in of denmark go along with.	1
so is the dear'st o'th’ loss .	1
through the house give glimmering light, by the dead and drowsy fire; every elf and fairy sprite hop as light as bird from brier; and this ditty, after me, sing and dance it trippingly.	1
yes ,  it’s just clothing .	1
as a matter of fact ,  if the playwright had played pyramus and hanged himself with thisbe’s belt ,  it would have been a very good tragedy .	1
have you told her what we have decided for her ?	1
if with myself i hold intelligence or have acquaintance with mine own desires ,  if that i do not dream or be not frantic— as i do trust i am not—then ,  dear uncle ,  never so much as in a thought unborn did i offend your highness .	1
he ,  fast of foot ,  outran me; and i returned because that i heard the clink and fall of swords ,  and cassio swearing loudly; which ,  until tonight ,  i never saw him do before .	1
and she breathed such life with her kisses on my lips, that i was brought back to life, and i was an emperor.	1
marcus luccicos ,  is not he in town ?	1
do they come from good families ?	1
go to ,  away .	1
tis now struck twelve.	1
robin starveling ,  the tailor ?	1
then i defy you ,  stars !	1
what did he when thou saw’st him ?	1
i know not where he lodges, and for me to devise a lodging, and say he lies here or he lies there, were to lie in mine own throat.	1
wait ,  who’s coming here ?	1
the dictator ,  custom ,  very grave senators ,  has made the stone and steel couch of war my feather bed three times .	1
i have slept ,  my lord ,  already .	1
lo !	1
thou wast the prettiest babe that e'er i nursed .	1
what’s the reason for this horrible shouting ?	1
say ,  what entertainment do you have for this evening ?	1
we’ll hear him what he says .	1
had i but died an hour before this chance ,  i had lived a blessèd time ,  for from this instant there’s nothing serious in mortality .	1
know’st thou his mind ?	1
dear gods ,  bless this couple ,  since you’re the ones who have shown us the path that led us here .	1
turn melancholy forth to funerals .	1
how say you, then; would heart of man once think it?	1
no ,  my friends ,  don’t please fate by giving it your sorrow as well .	1
serve god ,  love me ,  and mend .	1
they’re never jealous for a reason; they’re just jealous .	1
arms ,  take your last embrace .	1
i should make very forges of my cheeks, that would to cinders burn up modesty, did i but speak thy deeds.	1
let that satisfy you.	1
why, love, i say!	1
well ,  that’s just greedy .	1
why ,  what did i ?	1
i am not sorry neither .	1
well, susan is with god; she was too good for me.	1
well ,  juliet ,  i’ll lie with you tonight .	1
you did well ,  and you shall sleep again; i’ll not keep you long .	1
yes ,  yes !	1
goodbye .	1
it doesn’t seem so .	1
but god above deal between thee and me !	1
go release them, ariel.	1
let’s go !	1
i have to go and live, or stay and die.	1
it is a most sharp sauce .	1
i haven’t seen such a promising candidate for your love .	1
you are gentlemen of brave mettle .	1
you!	1
i meant to say the lord protector .	1
what ,  ho ,  brabantio !	1
come on ,  sir knave ,  have done your foolishness ,  and tell me how thou hast disposed thy charge .	1
oh ,  ominous !	1
sit ,  sir .	1
the best thing about me is that i’m hardworking .	1
now all the youth of england are on fire ,  and silken dalliance in the wardrobe lies .	1
yet could i bear that too ,  well ,  very well .	1
i'll have some proof.	1
white his shroud as the mountain snow— alas, look here, my lord!	1
so shall you feel the loss ,  but not the friend which you weep for .	1
over hill, over dale, through bush, through brier, over park, over pale, through flood, through fire, i am going everywhere, quicker than the moon goes through the sky; and i serve the fairy queen, to put dewdrops into her eyes upon the green.	1
cassius ,  stop worrying .	1
goodbye .	1
don’t bring me any more reports .	1
tis time to part .	1
once more unto the breach ,  dear friends ,  once more ,  or close the wall up with our english dead !	1
how are you ,  lorenzo ?	1
the former hero !	1
but don’t expect any more than that .	1
but mortals like you aren’t allowed to hear this description of the afterlife .	1
stay, tybalt, stay!	1
it's true, good lieutenant.	1
whither indeed ,  before thy here - approach ,  old siward ,  with ten thousand warlike men ,  already at a point ,  was setting forth .	1
o ,  then i see that madmen have no ears .	1
i do believe you think what now you speak; but what we do determine oft we break.	1
how foolish your fears seem now ,  calphurnia !	1
what, ho!	1
tonight we hold a solemn supper ,  sir ,  and i'll request your presence .	1
i will apprehend him.	1
damn, damn you, prostitute!	1
your husband .	1
yes, and truly; you had better answer.	1
if cassio lives ,  he has a daily beauty in his life that makes me ugly; and besides ,  the moor may disclose me to him; i stand there in great danger; no ,  he must die .	1
but fare you well, i have some business.	1
in my travels ,  great scholars have come up to me ,  meaning to greet me with well - rehearsed welcoming speeches ,  and i have seen them tremble and turn pale ,  and pause inappropriately in the middle of their sentences ,  and botch their well - rehearsed tones of voice because they’re so nervous ,  and then break off abruptly at the end ,  without actually welcoming me .	1
please keep in mind we’re only here out of spite .	1
what if i obey ?	1
i beg you ,  remember the porter .	1
it did always seem so to us .	1
o ,  have mercy !	1
go ,  tubal ,  and meet me at our synagogue; go ,  good tubal; at our synagogue ,  tubal .	1
virtue turns to vice if it’s misused .	1
what foul play had we that we came from thence ?	1
swear by your double self ,  and there’s an oath of credit !	1
after her, after her.	1
i was never disloyal ,  and i never will be .	1
peter !	1
thou almost mak'st me waver in my faith, to hold opinion with pythagoras, that souls of animals infuse themselves into the trunks of men: thy currish spirit govern'd a wolf, who, hang'd for human slaughter, even from the gallows did his fell soul fleet, and, whilst thou lay'st in thy unhallow'd dam, infus'd itself in thee; for thy desires are wolvish, bloody, sterved, and ravenous.	1
words ,  words ,  words .	1
o iras ,  charmian !	1
yes ,  with cassio .	1
will you let him, my lord?	1
i must perforce have shown to thee such a declining day ,  or look on thine .	1
what’s the matter?	1
thisbe ?	1
sir boy ,  i’ll whip you from your foining fence ,  nay ,  as i am a gentleman ,  i will .	1
i take my leave at once .	1
thyself do grace to them ,  and bring them in .	1
i know thy quality .	1
don’t be offended .	1
with this strange virtue he hath a heavenly gift of prophecy ,  and sundry blessings hang about his throne that speak him full of grace .	1
come down ,  behold no more .	1
o jephthah, judge of israel, what a treasure hadst thou!	1
ay, widow dido.	1
you said the enemy would not come down ,  but keep the hills and upper regions .	1
what says polonius?	1
i will this night ,  in several hands ,  in at his windows throw ,  as if they came from several citizens ,  writings all tending to the great opinion that rome holds of his name ,  wherein obscurely caesar’s ambition shall be glancèd at .	1
i don’t know whether he combined forces with those of norway, or aided the rebel with hidden help and supplies, or that with both he labored to overthrow his country's government, only his treasons, punishable by death, confessed and proven, have caused his downfall.	1
a plague upon the tyrant that i serve !	1
the quality of nothing hath not such need to hide itself .	1
what is my nation ?	1
i’ll be right here ,  silent .	1
you shall not write my praise .	1
pat, pat; and here's a marvellous convenient place for our rehearsal.	1
send me away.	1
he’s a good man .	1
i am unfit for state and majesty .	1
it were a delicate stratagem to shoe a troop of horse with felt .	1
no master ,  sir ,  but a poor man's son: his father ,  though i say it ,  is an honest exceeding poor man ,  and ,  god be thanked ,  well to live .	1
can you do me greater harm than hate?	1
the old priest at saint luke’s church is at your command at all hours .	1
this jest shall cost me some expense .	1
friends ,  go .	1
that which hath made them drunk hath made me bold .	1
can such things be ,  and overcome us like a summer's cloud ,  without our special wonder ?	1
what i have done that might your nature, honour, and exception roughly awake, i here proclaim was madness.	1
here are the rulers of france and burgundy ,  my lord .	1
are you dreaming or awake ?	1
alas, good cassio!	1
then leave her ,  sir ,  for by the power that made me ,  i tell you all her wealth .	1
what shall i do?	1
sleep well there on the ground .	1
and hath given countenance to his speech ,  my lord ,  with almost all the holy vows of heaven .	1
it’ll be my job to talk about how benedick is sick with love for beatrice .	1
come, he has hidden himself among these trees, to have a sexual liaison with the moody night.	1
i do, with all my heart; and yet no man like he doth grieve my heart.	1
the desperate tempest hath so banged the turks ,  that their designment halts .	1
now ,  by heaven ,  my blood begins to rule my safer sense ,  and passion ,  having influenced my better judgment tries to lead the way .	1
who are you there ?	1
he remembers how unkind he was to her ,  how he disowned her and sent her abroad ,  how he gave her rightful inheritance to her two dog - hearted sisters .	1
in belmont is a lady richly left ,  and she is fair ,  and ,  fairer than that word ,  of wondrous virtues .	1
pish !	1
for my part ,  i have walked about the streets ,  giving in to the dangerous night; and ,  undressed like this ,  casca ,  as you can see ,  i have bared my chest to the thunder bolts; and when the angry ,  blue lightning seemed to openthe chest of heaven ,  i put myself even in the direction and the very flash of it .	1
there we go !	1
what has he said ?	1
what have you done ?	1
officers ,  what crime have these men committed ?	1
well ,  girl ,  you’re weeping not for his death as much as for the fact that the villain who killed him is still alive .	1
worthy cawdor!	1
no ,  you entertain your suitors with mild and gentle conversation ,  quiet and pleasant .	1
through athens i am thought as fair as she .	1
i saw thee late at the count orsino’s .	1
so i will ,  my liege .	1
what if this cursed hand were thicker than itself with my brother's blood ,  isn’t there enough rain in the sweet heavens to wash it as white as snow ?	1
o ,  forgive me ,  you bleeding piece of earth ,  that i’m meek and gentle with these butchers !	1
i am not treacherous.	1
mark it ,  nuncle .	1
either withdraw unto some private place ,  and reason coldly of your grievances ,  or else depart .	1
for all the rest, let lion, moonshine, wall, and the two lovers, tell you while they stay here.	1
my lord constable ,  the armor that i saw in your tent tonight ,  are those stars or suns upon it ?	1
i wish the foolish girl were married to her grave !	1
they hold up adam's profession .	1
wherefore speaks he this to her he hates ?	1
now as for the other thing ,  you do remember all the circumstances ?	1
i hoped there was no need to trouble himself with any such thoughts yet .	1
zounds ,  a dog ,  a rat ,  a mouse ,  a cat to scratch a man to death !	1
but ,  sirrah ,  you shall buy this sport as dear as all the metal in your shop will answer .	1
and is't not to be damn'd to let this canker of our nature come in further evil ?	1
not me .	1
don’t trust trebonius .	1
meet me at the palace as soon as possible .	1
what day is this ?	1
you shall find me easy enough for that, sir, if you will give me the opportunity.	1
i'll bet fourteen of my teeth, and yet, to tell the truth, i’ve only got four, she is not fourteen.	1
to be now a sensible man, by and by a fool, and presently a beast!	1
is't possible?	1
i’ve served you since childhood ,  but i’ve never done you a better service than telling you to stop .	1
all that i will tell you is ,  that the duke hath dined .	1
if i once get angry ,  and only lift this arm ,  the best of you shall sink in my scolding .	1
menas ,  i’m not going back on shore .	1
i cannot tell .	1
it’s true that my brother’s daughter is queen of tunis ,  and heir of naples .	1
yes ,  sir ,  i have indeed .	1
what is your pleasure?	1
prison ,  my lord !	1
directly ,  i am going to caesar's funeral .	1
it might have since been answered in repaying what we took from them ,  which ,  for traffic’s sake ,  most of our city did .	1
lorenzo ,  certain; and my love ,  indeed; for who love i so much ?	1
his beard was as white as snow ,  all flaxen was his poll .	1
let us quit all and give our vineyards to a barbarous people .	1
and now you know my meaning .	1
these foolish drops do something drown my manly spirit .	1
that’s the end of the announcement .	1
o heavy hour!	1
we wait upon your grace .	1
why ,  because we’re always handling our ewes ,  and their fleece ,  as you know ,  is greasy .	1
i will not rise until your highness hears me .	1
o my love!	1
oh ,  forgive all my sins !	1
why would you give birth to sinners ?	1
come ,  hang them on this line .	1
i don’t dare to stay longer .	1
i mean ,  sir ,  for his weapon .	1
all the charms of sycorax ,  toads ,  beetles ,  bats ,  fall on you !	1
i got drunk!	1
she’ll be here soon ,  just like her letter said .	1
i would not for the wealth of all this town here in my house do him disparagement .	1
what, and my old venetian friend, salanio!	1
meet me by and by at the citadel .	1
blow, till thou burst thy wind, if room enough!	1
let our just censures attend the true event, and put we on industrious soldiership.	1
to ariel] thou shalt be free [to ariel] thou shalt be free as mountain winds; but then exactly do all points of my command .	1
amen to that ,  sweet powers !	1
where is malvolio ?	1
your behavior is an insult to all women .	1
caesar brought many captives home to rome, whose ransoms filled the national treasury.	1
is this well done ?	1
comes the king forth, i pray you?	1
no ?	1
oh please ,  go somewhere else to blab your nonsense .	1
let me know how this nasty fight began, who started it, and he that is guilty of this offense, even if he is my twin brother, both born at the same time, he’ll be finished with me.	1
i have an adventurous fairy that shall seek what the squirrel has been hoarding ,  and get you new nuts .	1
ah ,  sirrah ,  this unlook'd - for sport comes well .	1
who is ’t that cried ?	1
this is exactly how she always looks ,  and—i swear it—she is fast asleep .	1
i would scarce trust myself ,  though i had sworn the contrary ,  if hero would be my wife .	1
i’ve got you now ,  pagan .	1
tell me ,  othello .	1
well ,  sir ,  good night .	1
god give us leisure for these rites of love !	1
is it possible ?	1
signior antonio ,  many a time and oft ,  in the rialto you have rated me about my moneys ,  and my usances: still have i borne it with a patient shrug ,  for sufferance is the badge of all our tribe: you call me , —misbeliever ,  cut - throat dog ,  and spet upon my jewish gaberdine ,  and all for use of that which is mine own .	1
to tell you that you shall see me at philippi.	1
tell him i am ready to lay my crown at his feet and kneel before him .	1
in faith, we may put up our pipes and go home.	1
go prick thy face and over-red thy fear, thou lily-liver'd boy.	1
how may the duke be satisfied with that, whose messengers are here by my side, on some urgent business of the state, to bring me to him?	1
worthy montano ,  you were wont be civil; the gravity and stillness of your youth the world hath noted ,  and your name is great in mouths of wisest censure .	1
what was the last cry for ?	1
see'st thou this sweet sight?	1
that’s certain—if the devil may be her judge .	1
yet she must die, or else she'll betray more men.	1
o ,  for my beads !	1
what ,  you ?	1
time to buy myself a mirror and employ a few dozen tailors to dress me up in the current fashions .	1
ding ,  dong ,  bell .	1
i understand moreover ,  upon the rialto ,  he hath a third at mexico ,  a fourth for england ,  and other ventures he hath squandered abroad .	1
ha' to thee ,  lad !	1
nurse ,  commend me to thy lady and mistress .	1
moonshine and lion are left to bury the dead .	1
then patiently listen to my impatience .	1
good signiors both ,  when shall we laugh ?	1
how if, when i am laid into the tomb, i wake before the time that romeo come to redeem me?	1
i beg you ,  take them back now .	1
o god, that men should put an enemy in their mouths to steal away their brains!	1
my features are still that beautiful—or else you ,  the greatest soldier in the world ,  have become the greatest liar by overpraising them .	1
why do you pity him ?	1
therefore no marvel though demetrius do ,  as a monster ,  fly my presence thus .	1
her name is margery, indeed: i'll swear, if you are launcelot, you are my own flesh and blood.	1
and squabble?	1
but in the beaten way of friend -  ship ,  what make you at elsinore ?	1
throw physic to the dogs; i’ll none of it .	1
what's the matter, husband?	1
o cassio, where did you get this?	1
and i am not guilty of yours.	1
how say you ,  then; would heart of man once think it ?	1
as edgar ,  i’m nothing at all .	1
have not saints lips ,  and holy palmers too ?	1
if you’re someone who gets into fights ,  i’ll fight with you .	1
o ,  kiss me through the hole of this vile wall .	1
i'll mark the play .	1
now follows ,  that you know ,  young fortinbras ,  holding a weak supposal of our worth ,  or thinking by our late dear brother's death our state to be disjoint and out of frame ,  colleagued with this dream of his advantage ,  he hath not fail'd to pester us with message ,  importing the surrender of those lands lost by his father ,  with all bonds of law ,  to our most valiant brother .	1
m ” —malvolio .	1
only there's no bottom ,  none ,  in my own evils .	1
two o'clock is your hour ?	1
shall i know your answer ?	1
did not her kitchen maid rail ,  taunt ,  and scorn me ?	1
our hostess sits in her chair of state ,  but ,  when it’s time ,  we will require her welcome .	1
i think the world’s asleep .	1
ha !	1
this is no answer ,  thou unfeeling man ,  to excuse the current of thy cruelty .	1
be patient, for the world is broad and wide.	1
i am dumb .	1
that it should come to this !	1
call him ,  good mercutio .	1
i'th’ air or th’ earth ?	1
if the job had been painful ,  i would not have come .	1
a little grief shows much love; but too much of grief shows a little craziness.	1
but all the story of the night told over ,  and all their minds transfigured so together ,  more witnesseth than fancy’s images and grows to something of great constancy ,  but ,  howsoever ,  strange and admirable .	1
o my prophetic soul !	1
o murderous slave!	1
to be a well - favored man is the gift of fortune ,  but to write and read comes by nature .	1
but he’s young ,  and as long as he’s too young to become king ,  richard ,  the duke of gloucester ,  has power over him .	1
what trumpet is that one?	1
what was the second noise for ?	1
you take that ,  too .	1
who offered him the crown?	1
oh dear gods !	1
and come yourselves ,  and bring messala with you ,  immediately to us .	1
goodbye .	1
o ,  a thousand ,  a thousand times .	1
only god above deal between you and me !	1
thou shalt not stir one foot to seek a foe.	1
ah ,  my lord ,  this prince is nothing like edward !	1
i wonder if titania is up yet ,  and what it was that next came into her sight ,  which she must love in the extreme .	1
my love ,  my life ,  my soul ,  fair helena !	1
ephesus now what do you think ?	1
monster ,  i smell all horse - piss ,  at which my nose is highly offended .	1
give my compliments to your lady .	1
mine would, sir, were i human.	1
a plague o’ both your houses !	1
thieves !	1
we’ll so begin these rites as we do trust they’ll end ,  in true delights .	1
i am only hurt.	1
we have not disregarded your good advice ,  which has freely gone along with this affair .	1
brutus, a word with you.	1
she is importunate, indeed distract.	1
not so fast .	1
show his eyes and grieve his heart .	1
and i was going to your lodging ,  cassio .	1
no, cassio is not kill'd.	1
i pray you give me leave to go from hence: i am not well; send the deed after me, and i will sign it.	1
dost thou hear ,  iago ?	1
well, if fortune is a woman, she's a good woman for this guy.	1
that our grandmother’s soul could end up inhabiting a bird .	1
this fortification ,  gentlemen ,  shall we see't ?	1
he will to his egyptian dish again .	1
why would you do that ,  my love ?	1
why, that's my delicate ariel!	1
what then ?	1
as a friend.	1
i took their stings too ,  wouldn’t you say ?	1
order his death immediately ,  and ,  with the traitor’s former title ,  greet macbeth .	1
bless your five senses !	1
you told me to make it well and properly and in keeping with the current style .	1
your father is a sailmaker in bergamo .	1
and wherefore doth lysander deny your love, so rich within his soul, and tender me, forsooth, affection, but by your setting on, by your consent?	1
let’s go.	1
but was not this nigh shore ?	1
our leader is being led .	1
o, kiss me through the hole of this vile wall.	1
why is my lord enraged against his love ?	1
because they are not eight ?	1
i’ll have none of it.	1
here is the money .	1
for the love of god ,  be patient with him .	1
i know ,  iago ,  your honesty and love minimize this matter ,  making it easier for cassio .	1
i wish i were in an alehouse in london !	1
he is dead and gone ,  lady ,  he is dead and gone ,  at his head a grass green turf ,  at his heels a stone .	1
you’re making me go off - key .	1
well, well, well, pray god it be, sir.	1
good name in man and woman ,  dear my lord ,  is the immediate jewel of their souls .	1
but in them nature's copy's not eterne .	1
banquo and macbeth ,  all hail !	1
it is no matter; let no images be hung with caesar's trophies .	1
to die ,  to sleep— no more—and by a sleep to say we end the heartache and the thousand natural shocks that flesh is heir to—’tis a consummation devoutly to be wished !	1
tis such another fitchew .	1
thou shalt get kings ,  though thou be none .	1
who comes with him ?	1
we shouldn’t expect men to be perfect ,  or for them to be as polite as on the weddingday .	1
he seems to have a foreknowledge of that too ,  and therefore comes to speak with you .	1
i say ,  to buy his favour ,  i extend this friendship; if he will take it ,  so; if not ,  adieu; and ,  for my love ,  i pray you wrong me not .	1
oh ,  noble judge !	1
that  “ may be ”  must be ,  love ,  on thursday next .	1
i cannot find it; it’s not in the promise to pay .	1
o slave!	1
for your three thousand dollars ,  here are six .	1
now ,  ursula ,  when beatrice doth come ,  as we do trace this alley up and down ,  our talk must only be of benedick .	1
will you dine with me tomorrow?	1
it were well the general were put in mind of it.	1
what, a play toward!	1
if any legs here are trinculo’s ,  these are .	1
begin, murderer, argh!	1
is he enough of a man to wear a hat and grow a beard  ?	1
all things shall be well .	1
so do i ,  my lord .	1
who talks of my nation ?	1
you lie ,  you shag - haired villain !	1
uncle ,  this is a montague ,  our foe; a villain ,  that is hither come in spite to scorn at our solemnity this night .	1
all the better .	1
i pray thee, hear me speak.	1
what ,  are you hurt ,  lieutenant ?	1
to alonso] sir ,  we were talking that our garments seem [to alonso] sir ,  we were talking that our garments seem now as fresh as when we were at tunis at the marriage of your daughter ,  who is not queen .	1
here’s my key .	1
it looks just like the dead king!	1
to a rope’s end ,  sir ,  and to that end am i returned .	1
has he ,  sirs ?	1
i have ,  when you have heard what i can say .	1
intend a kind of zeal both to the prince and claudio ,  as in love of your brother’s honor ,  who hath made this match ,  and his friend’s reputation ,  who is thus like to be cozened with the semblance of a maid ,  that you have discovered thus .	1
send the deed after me ,  and i will sign it .	1
yes, sir, for three months.	1
for shame !	1
the prince and claudio are hurrying this way .	1
if what you feel is really love ,  tell me how much .	1
tell her that the entire east shall call her queen .  ”  then he nodded and solemnly mounted an armored warhorse ,  which neighed so loudly it effectively silenced anything i might have said in reply .	1
then yield thee ,  coward ,  and live to be the show and gaze o' th' time .	1
i am glad to see you .	1
it’s the best thing to do .	1
why should he not ?	1
then she was even more an angel ,  and you’re an even blacker devil !	1
what shall we hear of this ?	1
come, love and health to all; then i'll sit down.	1
even or odd ,  of all days in the year ,  come lammas eve at night shall she be fourteen .	1
hold your peace.	1
come ,  nerissa .	1
i’ll know his humor when he knows his time .	1
why ,  what do you imagine his name to be ?	1
ay.	1
because of your advice and your help ,  i have a high position now .	1
let her come in.	1
monday ,  my lord .	1
beautiful thoughts and happy hours attend on you !	1
no, don’t press so close to me; stand a bit away.	1
who must hang them?	1
ha ,  ha ,  ha !	1
may god keep you well ,  sir .	1
why do you weep?	1
don’t delay, caesar; read it instantly.	1
the devil inside him is rough ,  but we can’t treat it roughly .	1
for your intent in going back to school in wittenberg, it is most retrograde to our desire; and we beseech you, bend you to remain here in the cheer and comfort of our eye, our chiefest courtier, cousin, and our son.	1
nor shalt not till necessity be served .	1
come with me .	1
believe not so .	1
since you know all this is true ,  why do you blame me for loving you ?	1
my lord, my lord!	1
where is this king ?	1
go ahead .	1
there’s certainly not a boy left alive ,  and it was done by the cowardly rascals who were running from the battle .	1
now ,  signior ,  where’s the count ?	1
your head ,  my lord ?	1
as his body grows uglier with age ,  his mind rots away as well .	1
thou dost not wish more help from england ,  coz ?	1
when didst thou sleep when such a deed was done ?	1
it’s too hot .	1
if any wretch has put this in your head ,  let heaven repay them with the serpent's curse !	1
i think it be no other but e'en so.	1
i wish you could !	1
as the ox hath his bow ,  sir ,  the horse his curb ,  and the falcon her bells ,  so man hath his desires; and as pigeons bill ,  so wedlock would be nibbling .	1
was that my father that went away so fast ?	1
where have you come from, worthy baron?	1
and the queen too, and that presently.	1
thou shalt not die .	1
woe that too late repents ! —   is it your will ?	1
that it did ,  sir ,  i’ the very throat on me: but i requited him for his lie ,  and ,  i think ,  being too strong for him ,  though he took up my legs sometime ,  yet i made a shift to cast him .	1
and so you shall ,  and wherever the guilt is ,  that’s where the punishment will be .	1
nor is the wide world ignorant of her worth; for the four winds blow in from every coast renowned suitors ,  and her sunny locks hang on her temples like a golden fleece; which makes her seat of belmont ,  colchos' strand ,  and many jasons come in quest of her .	1
why ,  sir ,  he comes not .	1
i thought i was—there is no man can tell what.	1
as faithful as flies in rotting meat ,  which give birth to maggots every time the wind blows .	1
lies about me in the throat as deep as the lungs?	1
why ,  no .	1
i’ll watch this play .	1
is not this buckled well ?	1
methinks the ground is even .	1
her lord is come .	1
i thought he was feeling the way i was ,  that many people are at their busiest when they’re alone ,  kept on walking and thinking ,  not worrying about him ,  and i gladly walked away from him who gladly fled from me .	1
now ,  by heaven ,  my blood begins my safer guides to rule ,  and passion ,  having my best judgment collied ,  assays to lead the way .	1
how say you ?	1
there goes a strong fellow ,  menas .	1
is all our company here?	1
shall we not ?	1
he comes upon a wish .	1
isn’t your master with him?	1
yes ,  gracious madam .	1
signior baptista ,  will you be so strange ?	1
neither to you nor any one, having no witness to confirm my speech.	1
some word there was, worse than tybalt's death, that murdered me.	1
come ,  thou mortal wretch ,  with thy sharp teeth this knot intrinsicate of life at once untie .	1
silver .	1
good my lord!	1
you have not been abed ,  then ?	1
to bed !	1
i was telling you to go after her ,  woo her ,  confront her .	1
alack ,  sir ,  he is mad .	1
i know not ,  madam .	1
more than pertains to feats of broils and battle ,  and therefore little shall i grace my cause in speaking for myself .	1
this much i can say about him: he is well - born ,  has proven his bravery in battle ,  and has established his good character .	1
and even now ,  but now ,  this house ,  these servants ,  and this same myself are yours ,  my lord’s .	1
feeling so the loss, i cannot choose but ever weep the friend.	1
hold, take these keys and fetch more spices, nurse.	1
o you immortal gods!	1
i will tell you everything, just as it happened.	1
all’s one .	1
their words are natural breath ,  but ,  however you have been jostled out of your senses ,  know for certain that i am prospero ,  and that very duke who was thrown out of milan ,  who most strangely landed on this shore ,  where you were wrecked ,  to be the lord of it .	1
that handkerchief thou speak'st of i found by fortune and did give my husband; for often with a solemn earnestness, more than indeed belong'd to such a trifle, he begg'd of me to steal it.	1
for god’s sake ,  a pot of small ale .	1
go ,  but do it .	1
how shall i answer you ?	1
you often scolded me for loving rosaline .	1
why ,  we have galls ,  and though we have some grace ,  yet have we some revenge .	1
but here's a parchment with the seal of caesar; i found it in his closet ,  'tis his will .	1
come ,  some music !	1
for pity’s sake, what’s this noise?	1
reputation ,  reputation ,  reputation !	1
if then they chanced to slack you ,  we could control them .	1
i strike quickly, being moved.	1
give me excess of it that ,  surfeiting ,  the appetite may sicken ,  and so die .	1
but ,  my good lord— wherefore should you do this ?	1
she’s a good little woman ,  and she adores me .	1
you mean ,  to bear me ,  not to bear        my protector ,  richard ,  insists on it .	1
how the knave jowls it to the ground ,  as if 'were cain's jawbone ,  that did the first murder !	1
how quickly the wrong side may be turned outward !	1
bear hence this body, and attend our will.	1
to that end ,  i presented him with the tennis balls ,  the perfect expression of his inexperience and frivolity .	1
i do not bid the thunder - bearer shoot ,  nor tell tales of thee to high - judging jove .	1
why do you ask ?	1
i think he’ll stand with us very strongly .	1
even this repays me . — we sent our schoolmaster .	1
that gallant spirit hath aspir’d the clouds ,  which too untimely here did scorn the earth .	1
the queen is dead ,  my lord .	1
oh ,  yes ,  we could ,  sir .	1
you’ve done well at sea .	1
o good old man ,  how well in thee appears the constant service of the antique world ,  when service sweat for duty ,  not for meed .	1
i’ll go as fast as i can ,  madam .	1
othello?	1
no hope that way is another way so high a hope that even ambition cannot pierce a wink beyond ,  but doubt discovery there .	1
if you remember anything before you came here, how you came here, you may remember.	1
my lord bassanio ,  since you have found antonio ,  we two will leave you; but at dinner - time ,  i pray you have in mind where we must meet .	1
but then again he’s never really understood his own feelings very well .	1
if not ,  to say to thee that i shall die is true ,  but for thy love ,  by the lord ,  no .	1
demand.	1
yes ,  and a brave one ,  who dares to look at something that would frighten the devil .	1
hear antony .	1
juliet, on thursday early will i rouse ye.	1
i won’t forget .	1
farewell .	1
thinking on her father.	1
the business of this man looks out of him .	1
be kind and courteous to this gentleman; hop in his walks, and gambol in his eyes; feed him with apricocks and dewberries, with purple grapes, green figs, and mulberries; the honey-bags steal from the humble-bees, and for night-tapers crop their waxen thighs, and light them at the fiery glow-worm's eyes, to have my love to bed and to arise; and pluck the wings from painted butterflies, to fan the moonbeams from his sleeping eyes.	1
is thy news good or bad?	1
stay ,  give me drink .	1
to go out of my dialect ,  which you discommend so much .	1
i knew you’d turn out this way .	1
i think this tale would win my daughter too.	1
i say my daughter is my flesh and blood .	1
i dare not drink yet ,  madam .	1
saving your merry humor ,  here’s the note how much your chain weighs to the utmost carat ,  the fineness of the gold ,  and chargeful fashion ,  which doth amount to three - odd ducats more than i stand debted to this gentleman .	1
if thou be'st valiant—as they say base men being in love have then a nobility in their natures more than is native to them—list me.	1
there’s enough .	1
if cleopatra heard you ,  you would be well punished for your audacity .	1
what kind of man are you ?	1
goodbye ,  sir .	1
let us be sacrificers but not butchers ,  caius .	1
a trim exploit, a manly enterprise, to conjure tears up in a poor maid's eyes with your derision!	1
if you say so, go away, and prove it too.	1
i thank you ,  sir .	1
i wouldn’t want to stay here and make you angry .	1
why would you celebrate it ?	1
then in my tent ,  cassius ,  enlarge your griefs ,  and i will give you audience .	1
give me your hand ,  sir .	1
maybe you should ask ,  what will you do for a husband ?	1
hark !	1
forever and forever ,  farewell ,  brutus !	1
be as you are accustomed to being; see as you are accustomed to seeing .	1
boundless intemperance in nature is a tyranny .	1
my clerk has some comforting news for you ,  too .	1
wait ,  you incomplete speakers ,  tell me more .	1
most worthy gentleman, my friend and i have been acquitted today of grievous penalties by your wisdom; instead of three thousand dollars, due to the jew, we will freely pay for your courteous pains.	1
i hope all will be well.	1
people who die of it seldom or never recover .	1
thou liest ,  thou shag - haired villain !	1
go but apart, make choice of whom your wisest friends you will, and they shall hear and judge 'twixt you and me.	1
but in this case of wooing ,  a child shall get a sire ,  if i fail not of my cunning .	1
why, you were with him, were you not?	1
therefore ,  as i am bound ,  receive it from me .	1
pay attention to the music .	1
such a one am i to fear ,  or none .	1
the time ’twixt six and now must by us both be spent most preciously .	1
didst thou not hear a noise ?	1
quite jaw - fallen ?	1
there rust and let me die .	1
o, vengeance!	1
she false with cassio ?	1
in faith ,  she’s too curst .	1
but you’re keeping a hundred knights here who are so disorderly ,  vulgar ,  and obnoxious that our noble court is starting to look like a noisy cheap hotel .	1
i trouble thee too much, but thou art willing.	1
a goodly one ,  in which there are many cells ,  wards ,  and dungeons ,  denmark being one of the worst .	1
list a word .	1
give me my fishing rod .	1
and shylock, for his own part, knew the bird was fledged; and then it is the complexion of them all to leave the dam.	1
will you be ready?	1
tis pity that thou liv’st to walk where any honest men resort .	1
your praise has beaten you home .	1
o murderous slave !	1
your eyes drop millstones ,  when fools' eyes drop tears .	1
or that there were similar men whose heads were in their chests?	1
the total due is about three ducats more than i owe this gentleman .	1
who’s the spokesman for edmund ,  earl of gloucester ?	1
and i have met a gentleman hath promised me to help me to another ,  a fine musician to instruct our mistress .	1
bring me to him.	1
but wherefore art not in thy shop today?	1
prepare yourself ,  please ,  for this trip .	1
let’s draw our own swords too .	1
why then ,  he is alive .	1
madam ,  good hope .	1
my lord, he has of late made many offers of his affection to me.	1
his insane period is over .	1
help ,  ho !	1
what did i promise ,  my dear ?	1
o illegitimate construction !	1
neighbors and friends ,  though bride and bridegroom wants for to supply the places at the table ,  you know there wants no junkets at the feast .	1
come ,  mistress kate ,  i’ll bear you company .	1
boy, run to the senate-house; don’t wait to answer me, but get going.	1
yet be content.	1
a rhyme i learn'd even now of one i danc'd withal .	1
faith ,  you'll be sick to - morrow for this night's watching .	1
the queen ,  your mother ,  in most great affliction of spirit hath sent me to you .	1
ay, or any show that you'll show him.	1
but if you believe everything they say ,  you won’t be saved by half of what they do .	1
sound them ,  it doth become the mouth as well .	1
but where is he?	1
for them all together ,  which maintained so politic a state of evil that they will not admit any good part to intermingle with them .	1
greetings to your lordship !	1
better men than you have heard me speak my mind ,  and if you can’t take it ,  then you’d better plug your ears .	1
why dost thou not go to church in a galliard and come home in a coranto ?	1
there’s something else .	1
fly hence and leave me .	1
i beseech you ,  do me this courteous office ,  as to know of the knight what my offense to him is .	1
tis good .	1
strike !	1
if your master wants a queen to beg from him ,  you should tell him that a queen will beg for no less than a kingdom .	1
i would she had bestowed this dotage on me .	1
are my master and his wife coming ,  grumio ?	1
oh me!	1
will his vouchers vouch him no more of his purchases ,  and double ones too ,  than the length and breadth of a pair of indentures ?	1
go to ,  you’re a dry fool .	1
sounds good to us .	1
go ,  take it up unto thy master’s use .	1
and this .	1
she gave up her life with your name still within her .	1
don’t greet your bride in these disgraceful clothes .	1
help, help, help!	1
say, my spirit, how fares the king and's followers?	1
which is the lady i’m supposed to marry ?	1
well, my good lady.	1
thou sure and firm - set earth ,  hear not my steps ,  which way they walk ,  for fear thy very stones prate of my whereabout ,  and take the present horror from the time ,  which now suits with it .	1
that’s one of them .	1
your virtue is my privilege .	1
i assure you.	1
list his discourse of war ,  and you shall hear a fearful battle rendered you in music .	1
she never was still foolish that was beautiful ,  because even her folly helped her have an heir .	1
my dearest love ,  duncan comes here tonight .	1
what ,  curio ?	1
and she's fair i love.	1
hear me ,  you wrangling pirates .	1
oh angels ,  protect us !	1
seem ?  ”  ,  madam !	1
sir toby ,  i must be round with you .	1
only dead for two months!	1
turns out to be untrue; their battles are nearby .	1
what ,  did caesar faint ?	1
what should such a fool do with so good a wife ?	1
o ,  by this count i shall be much in years ere i again behold my romeo !	1
and i am sick when i look not on you .	1
good laertes, if you desire to know the certainty of your dear father's death, is't writ in your revenge that, swoopstake, you will draw both friend and foe, winner and loser?	1
whenever you like .	1
we are all are punished.	1
here are the long ,  black eyebrows that shall blush for me .	1
mine too ,  to join hers .	1
to many men this is a caliban, and they are angels to him.	1
there was no need to tell me to get out of there .	1
light !	1
well ,  thank god i’m cured !	1
i see a voice; now i’ll go to the chink, to spy if i can hear my thisbe's face.	1
it’s not true because she separates us .	1
care keeps his watch in every old man's eye ,  and ,  where care lodges ,  sleep will never lie; but where a perfect youth with an empty brain rests his limbs ,  golden sleep reigns there .	1
tell me ,  spirit ,  how’s the king and his entourage ?	1
nor i neither .	1
go take this shape ,  and hither come in't: go; hence with diligence !	1
you are forward, my lord, you are forward.	1
please lie down and rest a while ,  my lord .	1
denmark’s a prison .	1
what gentleman ?	1
many men have sold their souls just to view my shiny surface .	1
still a fountain ,  girl ?	1
therefore they thought it good you hear a play and frame your mind to mirth and merriment ,  which bars a thousand harms and lengthens life .	1
not honestly ,  my lord ,  but so covertly that no dishonesty shall appear in me .	1
now you sound like a man.	1
warm ,  honestly !	1
what’s going on these days ?	1
dost thou love pictures ?	1
methinks thy voice is altered ,  and thou speak’st in better phrase and matter than thou didst .	1
oh, how i love you!	1
did this seem ambitious in caesar ?	1
o, i wish she knew that she was my love!	1
how now ?	1
cowards die many times before their deaths .	1
my lord ,  he's going to his mother's bedroom .	1
sblood ,  there is something in this more than natural ,  if philosophy could find it out .	1
where’s publius ?	1
i pray thee ,  good mercutio ,  let’s retire .	1
well ,  but to my choice .	1
in the way of argument ,  look you ,  and friendly communication ,  partly to satisfy my opinion ,  and partly for the satisfaction ,  look you ,  of my mind ,  as touching the direction of the military discipline ,  that is the point .	1
i know she is an irksome brawling scold .	1
unreal mockery, hence!	1
the bridegroom he is come already .	1
those friends you have ,  and their friendship tested ,  anchor them to your soul with hoops of steel ,  but don’t spend your money on entertaining each newly acquired ,  unproven friend .	1
there is a tide in the affairs of men which taken at the flood leads on to fortune; omitted, all the voyage of their life is bound in shallows and in miseries.	1
sit down; because you must now know more .	1
passion ,  i see ,  is catching ,  for mine eyes ,  seeing those beads of sorrow stand in thine ,  began to water .	1
it is clean out of the way.	1
i am peppered, i warrant, for this world.	1
will you break my heart ?	1
heard you this ,  gonzalo ?	1
don’t you hear me speaking ?	1
thou art on thy deathbed .	1
i’ll see thee hanged on sunday first .	1
i think she stirs again .	1
why ,  then ,  i think cassio's an honest man .	1
o sinful thought !	1
doth the moon shine that night we play our play ?	1
yes ,  so he says .	1
yes, my good lord.	1
what tranio did ,  myself enforced him to .	1
after a brief time—as he is a strong ,  brave man—	1
you may relish him more in the soldier than in the scholar.	1
the noise they make will cause demetrius to awake .	1
gertrude ,  do not drink .	1
where’s america and the west indies ?	1
i wish i were your bird .	1
enough of this .	1
no way but gentleness ,  gently ,  gently .	1
and i understand perfectly his sneering reference to my wilder days .	1
with this strange virtue, he has a heavenly gift of prophecy, and various blessings hang about his throne, that say he is full of grace.	1
one kiss ,  and i'll descend .	1
thou didst smile ,  infused with a fortitude from heaven ,  when i have decked the sea with drops full salt ,  under my burden groaned; which raised in me an undergoing stomach ,  to bear up against what should ensue .	1
fear not ,  until birnam wood do come to dunsinane; "  and now a wood comes toward dunsinane .	1
as the time, the place, and the condition of this country stands, i could heartily wish this had not befallen; but since it is as it is, mend it for your own good.	1
why are you talking like that ?	1
go quickly to church; i must go another way, to fetch a ladder, by the which your love must climb to a bird's nest soon, when it is dark.	1
for lord hamlet ,  believe so much in him ,  that he is young ,  and with a larger tether may he walk than may be given you .	1
you have taken it wiselier than i meant you should .	1
o me ,  o me !	1
where was she born ?	1
of my kind uncle ,  that i know will give ,  and being but a toy ,  which is no grief to give .	1
go, get thee hence, for i will not away.	1
he will divorce you, or put upon you what restraint and grievance the law, with all his might to enforce it on, will give him cable.	1
but silence; here comes thisbe .	1
so how short am i ,  you painted barber pole ?	1
but are not some whole that we must make sick ?	1
i think so .	1
a likely piece of work that you should find it in your chamber and not know who left it there !	1
you’ve said ,  sir .	1
but i’m running ahead of myself .	1
in genoa ?	1
pyramus draws near the wall .	1
that is the key to long - lasting love .	1
lady beatrice is angry with you .	1
passion ,  i see ,  is catching ,  for mine eyes ,  seeing those beads of sorrow stand in thine ,  began to water .	1
we don’t need a ghost, my lord, to come from the grave to tell us this.	1
i did very well note him .	1
just tell me that .	1
as it dissolves ,  so shall my life .	1
my brother and your uncle, called antonio— please, listen to me,—that a brother should be so guilty of breaking a trust!—he, whom i loved in all the world, after you, and i let him manage of my city, since, at that time, it was the first of all the cities, and prospero the best duke, being considered so in dignity, and for the liberal arts, without equal: since these two items took up all my time in study, i cast the government on my brother, and i became a stranger to my city, being absorbed and wrapped up in my secret studies.	1
mass, i cannot tell.	1
thus conscience does make cowards of us all, and thus the native hue of resolution is sicklied o'er with the pale cast of thought, and enterprises of great pitch and moment with this regard their currents turn awry and lose the name of action.	1
a night is but small breath and little pause to answer matters of this consequence .	1
good even to my ghostly confessor .	1
well ,  syracusian ,  tell us–briefly–why you left your hometown and came to ephesus .	1
but how wonderful that she should be so fond of signior benedick ,  whom she has always appeared to hate .	1
but maybe you don’t like mine ,  or his ,  or hers either .	1
but first ,  i have to tell you that desdemona’s completely in love with him .	1
a thousand times the worse for me, to want your light!	1
ay ,  madam .	1
i know not what i shall think of that: but i am launcelot ,  the jew's man; and i am sure margery ,  your wife ,  is my mother .	1
i beg you both that ,  being childhood friends and brought up with him ,  and since you know well his youth and disposition ,  that you will be pleased to rest here in our court for a while ,  so that ,  with your company ,  you draw him on to enjoy himself ,  and to gather ,  so much as from any occasion you may glean ,  whether anything ,  unknown to us ,  afflicts him like this ,  that ,  once we know ,  we can make better .	1
farewell, my coz.	1
the bloody proclamation to escape ,  that followed me so near—o our lives' sweetness ,	1
what profane wretch art thou ?	1
indeed ,  this counsellor is now most still ,  most secret ,  and most grave ,  who was in life a foolish prating knave .	1
thou shouldst rather ask if it were possible any villainy should be so rich .	1
or is your gold and silver ewes and rams ?	1
no, my lord, i saw nothing.	1
if thou beest slain and with no stroke of mine ,  my wife and children's ghosts will haunt me still .	1
and shall i couple hell?	1
ready .	1
these deeds must not be thought after these ways .	1
prithee ,  keep up thy quillets .	1
shall i be frighted when a madman stares ?	1
i have nothing to do with what you’re talking about ,  my lord .	1
this fight shall determine that.	1
one turf shall serve as pillow for us both; one heart ,  one bed ,  two bosoms ,  and one troth .	1
but is he often thus ?	1
we rejoice to see you ,  most worthy brother of england .	1
what tidings can you tell me of my lord ?	1
thou villain ,  what sayest thou ?	1
sir, you shall understand what hath befall'n, which, as i think, you know not.	1
either go someplace private ,  or talk it over rationally ,  or else just go away .	1
we do it wrong, being so majestical, to offer it the show of violence; for it is, as the air, invulnerable, and our vain blows malicious mockery.	1
we might as well call him a man ,  since god created him .	1
if you’re happy with what you’ve won and accept this prize as your blissful destiny ,  then turn to where your lady is ,  and claim her with a loving kiss .  ”	1
dear man ,  calm your rage .	1
i would out - night you ,  if no one was coming ,  but ,  listen ,  i hear the footsteps of a man .	1
you’re older than me .	1
oh ,  excellent !	1
only don’t be afraid to take upon you what is yours.	1
upon condition publius shall not live ,  who is your sister’s son ,  mark antony .	1
is this servant of yours a smart man ?	1
thou told'st me thou didst hold him in thy hate .	1
come ,  sweet audrey .	1
your physical health matters more than your reputation .	1
never was seen so black a day as this.	1
i pray you mar no more trees with writing love songs in their barks .	1
go now and ask where money can be found ,  and i will too ,  and i will not object to borrowing it on my account or in my name .	1
you speak well .	1
here i stand ,  your slave— a poor ,  infirm ,  weak ,  and despised old man .	1
most veritable; therefore look to't well .	1
thy thoughts i cleave to .	1
with this there grows in my most ill-composed affection such a stanchless avarice that, were i king, i should cut off the nobles for their lands, desire his jewels and this other's house, and my more-having would be as a sauce to make me hunger more, that i should forge quarrels unjust against the good and loyal, destroying them for wealth.	1
god bless you ,  sir .	1
not true .	1
give me that chisel - edged pick and the iron wrench .	1
won’t you wait a minute ?	1
the brilliant sir topas !	1
hence ,  away !	1
or ill-beseeming beast in seeming both!	1
not sick ,  my lord ,  unless it be in mind ,  nor well ,  unless in mind .	1
if i were bound to divine of this unity ,  i would not prophesy so .	1
let this evil hour stand forever cursed in the calendar !	1
a pox of drowning thyself!	1
please put away your dagger ,  and pull out your wit .	1
romeo ,  away ,  be gone !	1
your answer to that .	1
but break, my heart, for i must hold my tongue!	1
night is over ,  and day is coming .	1
you mar all with this starting .	1
fie ,  how impatience loureth in your face .	1
lady !	1
his cowardly lips turned white ,  and the same eye whose gaze terrifies the world lost its gleam .	1
i don’t find myself wanting to sleep .	1
add to these eight thousand four hundred knights ,  squires ,  and brave gentlemen ,  five hundred of whom were given the title of knight only yesterday .	1
and then give them great meals of beef and iron and steel ,  they will eat like wolves and fight like devils .	1
only myself stood out; for which ,  if i be lapsèd in this place ,  i shall pay dear .	1
good people ,  enter and lay hold on him .	1
oh ,  it’s horrible of her .	1
so ,  in the name of god and all the good that will come of this	1
i am thane of cawdor.	1
i'll not believe't.	1
what’s with you ,  my lord ?	1
i swear by that which i will lose for thee to prove him false that says i love thee not .	1
abhor it ,  fear it ,  do not enter it .	1
do thou meet me presently at the harbor . —come hither .	1
now let me see if i can conster it .	1
tell him he’s not going to speak with me .	1
very nice to see you ,  sir .	1
do you think i meant country matters ?	1
what are you waiting for ?	1
in prison we’ll outlast hordes of rulers that will come and go as their fortunes change .	1
it seems he hath great care to please his wife .	1
signior balthasar ,  you look upset .	1
how fares my lord ?	1
support him by the arm .	1
that may be ,  sir ,  when i may be a wife .	1
he will be given safe conduct and money for his passage home .	1
i fly ,  biondello .	1
yes ,  other men have ill luck too .	1
in a minute ,  sir .	1
from head to toe ?	1
i rescued that ungrateful boy next to you from drowning .	1
god mark thee to his grace !	1
oh ,  i see .	1
in order to make your company even more enjoyable ,  i’m going to keep to myself until suppertime .	1
alas ,  poor rogue ,  i think indeed she loves me .	1
soft you; a word or two before you go .	1
hey ,  what’s this ,  adam ?	1
the hearts of old gave hands ,  but our new code of behavior is hands ,  not hearts .	1
oh ,  i am slain ! —my lord ,  you have one eye left to see some mischief on him .	1
nobody like that should be trusted .	1
open it and read it .	1
i'th’ commonwealth i would by contraries execute all things, for no kind of traffic would i admit; no name of magistrate; letters should not be known; riches, poverty, and use of service, none; contract, succession, bourn, bound of land, tilth, vineyard, none; no use of metal, corn, or wine, or oil; no occupation; all men idle, all; and women too, but innocent and pure; no sovereignty— [to antonio] yet he would be king on't.	1
i’ll take responsibility for it .	1
as thou'rt a man ,  give me the cup .	1
where remains he ?	1
thy state is the more gracious; for 'tis a vice to know him.	1
and since i wooed her in your name ,  i’ll join you in disgracing her .	1
oh ,  devil ,  devil !	1
he is well paid that is well satisfied .	1
who chooseth me shall get as much as he deserves .  ”  i will assume desert . —give me a key for this ,  and instantly unlock my fortunes here .	1
sir, in my heart there was a kind of fighting that would not let me sleep.	1
prepare the body, then, and follow us.	1
o heavens !	1
how didst thou know 'twas she ?	1
the hero that died !	1
ay ,  good my lord .	1
good prince ,  say something !	1
ay ,  that he was .	1
have i thought long to see this morning's face ,  and doth it give me such a sight as this ?	1
under love's heavy burden, i would sink.	1
but still, i say, if suggestion and strong circumstances which lead directly to the door of truth, will give you satisfaction, you may have it.	1
because of me ?	1
my lord it shall be done .	1
hold your position, good fate, for his hanging!	1
look here ,  here he is ,  disfigured ,  as you can see ,  by traitors .	1
snip and snip and cut and slash—it’s got more holes than a sieve !	1
did he live now ,	1
stanley ,  what news with you ?	1
by jesu ,  a very good blade !	1
strange things are about to happen ,  edmund .	1
nay ,  you must name his name ,  and half his face must be seen through the lion's neck; and he himself must speak through ,  saying thus ,  or to the same defect: —‘ladies , ’ —or ‘fair ladies , —i would wish you’—or ‘i would request you’ —or ‘i would entreat you , —not to fear ,  not to tremble .	1
i do .	1
this is a sorry sight .	1
sir ,  let’s get to the point .	1
he lives, sir.	1
so you couldn’t see his face ,  then ?	1
and i for ganymede .	1
what a sigh is there !	1
at my poor house look to behold this night women like earth-treading stars that make dark heaven light.	1
if you remember anything before you came here ,  how you came here ,  you may remember .	1
even he ,  sir .	1
yes ,  nurse; what of that ?	1
god, god, forgive us all!	1
she is of so free ,  so kind ,  so apt ,  so blessed a disposition ,  she holds it a vice in her goodness not to do more than she is requested .	1
till which encounter it is my business too .	1
all these aging faculties tell me—and i cannot be wrong—that you are my son ,  antipholus .	1
if you stick with me ,  when the time comes ,  there will be something in it for you .	1
my lord bassanio gave his ring away unto the judge that begg'd it ,  and ,  indeed ,  deserv'd it too; and then the boy ,  his clerk ,  that took some pains in writing ,  he begg'd mine: and neither man ,  nor master ,  would take aught but the two rings .	1
i cannot move.	1
will you please go, my lord?	1
quarrel ,  sir ?	1
did you and he consent in cassio's death ?	1
if i speak true !	1
so confess your sin freely now .	1
in that and all things, we will show our duty.	1
o young and noble cato ,  are you down ?	1
would not this ,  sir ,  and a forest of feathers—if the rest of my fortunes turn turk with me—with two provincial roses on my razed shoes ,  get me a fellowship in a cry of players ,  sir ?	1
then saw you not his face?	1
it’s just midnight.	1
good even to my ghostly confessor .	1
lord mayor ,  the reason we have sent— look behind you !	1
it is good that you found me .	1
dead ,  desdemon !	1
show them in .	1
hold off your compliments for awhile and pay attention, until i may deliver, with the witness of these gentlemen, something marvelous to you.	1
crazy for your love ?	1
i have begun to plant thee, and will labor to make thee full of growing.	1
how is it ,  my lord ?	1
then say at once what thou dost know in this.	1
when time shall serve ,  let but the herald cry ,  and i’ll appear again .	1
help !	1
on a night like this ,  pretty jessica ,  in a bad mood ,  said outrageously wrong things about her lover ,  and he forgave her .	1
the privilege of never seeing me again .	1
the starry welkin cover thou anon with drooping fog as black as acheron ,  and lead these testy rivals so astray as one come not within another’s way .	1
but we both obey and here give up ourselves ,  in the full bent ,  to lay our service freely at your feet to be commanded .	1
what's the matter ?	1
didn’t you see that ?	1
i have responsibilities in this war ,  and as the absolute ruler of my kingdom i will carry out my duties as if i were a man .	1
sir ,  a whole history .	1
is she dead ,  then ?	1
i will, my lord.	1
now fear i this will give it start again .	1
if his majesty has anything for us to do, we shall express our duty in person, and let him know so.	1
the scripture says adam digged.	1
there are tears for his love; joy for his fortune; honor for his valor ,  and death for his ambition .	1
i don’t think there’s anywhere i’d rather die than in the king’s company ,  as his cause is just and honorable .	1
my lord ,  you know i love you .	1
i’m glad casca is with us .	1
they have their exits and their entrances ,  and one man in his time plays many parts ,  his acts being seven ages .	1
doth not the day break here ?	1
juliet !	1
what ,  i ,  my lord ?	1
and when she does ,  he’ll imagine she’s flirting with him .	1
you’re shaking with emotion .	1
the air here is very sweet for us.	1
what, is he angry?	1
and there’s no need for wonder or worry .	1
we will have more of this tomorrow.	1
oh ,  that my prayers could such affection move !	1
past noon.	1
hail !	1
who calls on hamlet ?	1
o hamlet, what a falling off was there!	1
your wife octavia ,  with her self - effacing eyes and self - righteous assumptions ,  won’t get any praise from patronizing me .	1
he has almost supp'd.	1
then must you speak of one that loved not wisely ,  but too well .	1
and die in music .	1
bad friends were .	1
but yet do i believe the origin and commencement of his grief sprung from neglected love.	1
most like a gentleman .	1
why are your swords drawn ?	1
don’t be afraid of greatness .  ”  that was well written .	1
follow not; i'll have no speaking; i will have my bond .	1
what, dares the slave come hither, cover'd with an antic face, to fleer and scorn at our solemnity?	1
but i can- not choose but weep, to think they would lay him i' the cold ground.	1
that tree could be called god’s tree ,  since it drops such wonderful fruit .	1
believe me ,  sir ,  it carries a brave form .	1
hortensio ,  peace .	1
do you win ?	1
how !	1
but where did this happen ?	1
dear maid ,  kind sister ,  sweet ophelia !	1
i do beseech you, sir, trouble yourself no further.	1
i’m not a miracle, sir; but certainly a virgin.	1
why ,  the honest men .	1
oh ,  villain !	1
beat them down !	1
ay .	1
the moor !	1
how did you come here?	1
i do not desire he should answer for me ,  and yet i determine to fight lustily for him .	1
what prisoners of rank have been taken ,  uncle ?	1
what ,  a play !	1
come on ,  nerissa ,  i have many things to do that you don’t even know about yet .	1
even those you usually enjoy, the tragedians of the city.	1
the senate has concluded to give a crown to mighty caesar this day .	1
i am not valiant neither, but every puny whipster gets my sword.	1
madam !	1
confess yourself to heaven; repent what's past; avoid what is to come; and do not spread the compost on the weeds to make them ranker.	1
how does he love me ?	1
stay ,  madam .	1
hide yourself ,  good romeo .	1
ere it be demanded ,  as like enough it will ,  i would have it copied .	1
and has my armor been put in my tent ?	1
why are you so sad ?	1
oh banquo ,  banquo ,  the king has been murdered !	1
i’ll get it done right away .	1
your honor, in that sense, may call him a man.	1
well ,  the point is ,  he’s lost a ship .	1
didst perceive ?	1
and yet i wouldn’t want to be you ,  uncle .	1
tell the king that i wish to speak with him ,  for a few words .	1
cool it with a baboon's blood, then the charm is firm and good.	1
romeo ,  are you crazy ?	1
for your part ,  to you our swords have leaden points ,  mark antony .	1
i’ll come to thee straight .	1
o, what learning is!	1
say i will love her everlastingly .	1
her father and myself ,  lawful espials ,  will so bestow ourselves that ,  seeing unseen ,  we may of their encounter frankly judge and gather by him ,  as he is behaved ,  if't be the affliction of his love or no ,  that thus he suffers for .	1
where is gloucester ?	1
a gentleman ?	1
ingrateful fox ,  ’tis he .	1
how is my lady doing ?	1
sir, i cannot.	1
sojourn in mantua.	1
if that the turkish fleet be not enshelter'd and embay'd ,  they are drown'd; it is impossible to bear it out .	1
if we aren’t relieved in an hour ,  we have to return to our barracks .	1
i take my leave most humbly ,  my lord .	1
i will not trust you ,  i won’t; and i’ll stay in your cursed company no longer .	1
oh ,  are you going to leave me so unsatisfied ?	1
i’m afraid the people have made caesar their king .	1
send me away ,  my lord ,  but don’t kill me !	1
but it is true,—without any slips of prolixity, or crossing the plain highway of talk,—that the good antonio, the honest antonio,—o that i had a title good enough to keep his name company!— come, the full stop.	1
and i do think— or else this brain of mine doesn’t know the trail of policy as surely as it used to do— ,  that i have found the very cause of hamlet's lunacy .	1
there’s money for thee .	1
some whiskey ,  hello !	1
or are you only a dagger of the mind ,  a false creation ,  proceeding from the brain oppressed by heat ?	1
you are dull ,  casca ,  and those sparks of life that should be in a roman you do want ,  or else you use not .	1
how now, sweet queen?	1
it is not words that shake me like this .	1
and look when i am king ,  claim thou of me the earldom of hereford ,  and all the moveables whereof the king my brother was possessed .	1
eight score eight hours ?	1
my lord ,  i have news to tell you .	1
have you forgotten all the talks we’ve had together ,  the vows we made to be like sisters to one another ,  all the hours we spent together ,  wishing that we never had to say goodbye—have you forgotten ?	1
that is ,  to watch her ,  as we watch these kites that bate and beat and will not be obedient .	1
when the wind is from the south, i know a hawk from a handsaw.	1
we shall, my lord.	1
sovereign ,  here lies the county paris slain; and romeo dead; and juliet ,  dead before ,  warm and new kill'd .	1
inquire me out some mean poor gentleman ,  whom i will marry straight to clarence' daughter .	1
write to him— i will subscribe—gentle adieus and greetings .	1
iras ,  long farewell .	1
no ,  you have to forget all that now .	1
o happy dagger !	1
no guard?	1
arms ,  arms ,  sword ,  fire ,  corruption in the place !	1
maybe some poison is still on them ,  to make me die by restoring me .	1
it is a good divine that follows his own instructions: i can easier teach twenty what were good to be done ,  than be one of the twenty to follow mine own teaching .	1
how did that work?	1
tomorrow is the day .	1
i think you’re trustworthy one minute and then not the next .	1
i will not budge for no man’s pleasure ,  i .	1
my message is not for anyone else to hear ,  my lady .	1
where is your sister ,  and hortensio’s wife ?	1
how now ,  gentleman ?	1
why, say they are vile and false; as where's that palace where in to foul things sometimes intrude not?	1
i ,  by attorney ,  bless thee from thy mother ,  who prays continually for richmond’s good .	1
whatever antony shall speak, i’ll formerly declare that he speaks with our permission and that we are happy that caesar shall have all true rights and lawful ceremonies.	1
will you sup there ?	1
i have well approved it ,  sir .	1
antony ,  leave thy lascivious wassails .	1
o murderous coxcomb!	1
therefore i’ll sleep again .	1
worse and worse .	1
tell the actors to hurry .	1
what ,  shall i stab him as he sleeps ?	1
all this is comfort .	1
there comes an old man with his three sons— it sounds like the beginning of an old folktale .	1
alas, thrice gentle cassio!	1
was't hamlet wrong'd laertes ?	1
more shall they speak ,  for now i am bent to know ,  by the worst means ,  the worst .	1
swords don’t frighten me .	1
my lord ,  here is the entrance .	1
she is damned for it .	1
i stretch it out for that word ‘broad , ’ which ,  added to the goose ,  proves thee far and wide a broad goose .	1
besides, it were a mock apt to be render'd, for some one to say “break up the senate till another time, when caesar's wife shall meet with better dreams.” if caesar hide himself, shall they not whisper “lo, caesar is afraid”?	1
i’ll do everything a younger man could do for you .	1
i wish you well .	1
when you have to steal your own wives some day ,  i’ll wait for you just as long .	1
he is my dear friend ,  an please you .	1
why then, he was god's soldier!	1
are yet two romans living such as these ?	1
he’s a king ,  a king !	1
nurse!	1
talkers aren’t good doers .	1
has there been such a time ,  i’d gladly know that ,  that i have positively said  “ it is so ,  ”  and it wasn’t ?	1
sneck up !	1
i never saw you in my life till now .	1
o courteous tybalt !	1
i mean what i say .	1
are you squinting at me ?	1
really ,  he’s very witty ,  and full of wise sayings .	1
yea ,  but you must not make the full show of this till you may do it without controlment .	1
dear duke ,  please listen to what i have to say .	1
what ,  ho ,  brabantio !	1
you’re on your deathbed .	1
brother ,  duke ,  please have some food .	1
i did her wrong— canst tell how an oyster makes his shell ?	1
not so ,  my lord .	1
angels are still bright even though lucifer ,  the brightest angel ,  fell from heaven .	1
have you that holy feeling in your souls to counsel me to make my peace with god ,  and art you yet to your own souls so blind that thou will war with god by murd'ring me ?	1
i will not speak with her.	1
but let me hear the letter of your friend .	1
a roman .	1
what other bond than secret romans that have spoke the word and will not palter?	1
i am one ,  my lord .	1
you’re most welcome .	1
and if we don’t shake hands ,  when i act all nice to the players it will seem like i’m happier to see them than you .	1
yes ,  we talked for a couple of hours .	1
how now ,  my hearts !	1
o ye gods ,  render me worthy of this noble wife !	1
lo, she is one of this confederacy!	1
thanks for your pains .	1
sit thee down, clitus.	1
for pity, my child is dead; and, with my child, my joys are buried!	1
oh ,  sun ,  i will never see another one of your sunrises .	1
but tell not me .	1
to kill him, clitus.	1
yes, demetrius has my approval; and everything i own i will leave to him; and she is mine; and all my rights concerning her, i leave to demetrius.	1
but ,  tell me ,  where is princely richmond now ?	1
me too .	1
if that thou be'st a devil, i cannot kill thee.	1
a victory is twice itself when the achiever brings home full numbers .	1
come you from old bellario?	1
i know the hand; in faith, it’s a beautiful hand, and the beautiful hand that wrote it is whiter than the paper it’s written on.	1
till thou canst rail the seal from off my bond ,  thou but offend’st thy lungs to speak so loud .	1
there lies the man, slain by young romeo, that slew thy kinsman, brave mercutio.	1
romans, countrymen, and friends!	1
since my dear soul controlled her choice, and could recognize men of truth, her choice has taken you for herself.	1
not bad; you might accomplish something .	1
you must tell his name and half his face must be seen through the lion's neck, and he himself must speak through the mask saying this, or something to the same defect,—"ladies," or "fair ladies, i would wish you, or, i would request you, or, i would entreat you, not to be afraid, not to tremble.	1
did you mention that edward’s children are bastards ?	1
hold ,  tybalt !	1
come ,  help to bear thy master .	1
out ,  i say !	1
this is well.	1
give us kind keepers, heavens!	1
eros ,  thou yet behold’st me ?	1
didn’t you hear a noise ?	1
the king my father!	1
a conclusion ,  a conclusion: he is in love .	1
plucking the entrails of an offering forth, they could not find a heart within the beast.	1
only men whom you wouldn’t trust anyway would swear oaths ,  and for the worst reasons .	1
do not rise yet .	1
i don’t hold you ,  and yet i still see you !	1
hence ,  prating peasant !	1
but are they ,  ariel ,  safe ?	1
at my lodging .	1
i see no blood ,  no wound .	1
trip away; make no stay; meet me all by break of day.	1
why ,  then the poles never will defend it .	1
hey!	1
beautiful and noble hostess ,  we are your guests tonight .	1
why do you complain about your birth ,  the heavens ,  and the earth ?	1
cambio is changed into lucentio .	1
i see regan and goneril in hell—a thousand hissing devils with sizzling red pitchforks come up to them !	1
his spirits hear me and yet i needs must curse .	1
but you see my finger doesn’t have the ring on it .	1
good night .	1
go and tell my daughter i want to speak with her .	1
oh ,  kent ,  what could i ever do to become as good as you are ?	1
i stretch it out for that word ‘broad,’ which, added to the goose, proves thee far and wide a broad goose.	1
my mother .	1
use me well .	1
if i lose a scruple of this sport ,  let me be boiled to death with melancholy .	1
i am for you.	1
oh ,  help me ,  anyone who wants to live long !	1
it’s locked away in my memory ,  and you’ve got the key .	1
we'll teach you to drink a lot before you leave !	1
here comes the noble antony .	1
farewell ,  my lord .	1
she’s accustomed to it, to seem to washing her hands in this way.	1
when good orators finish talking ,  they spit; when lovers do (god help us if they ever do) ,  they kiss .	1
and so i thank you for your good counsel .	1
no ,  i’m not wound up .	1
i prithee, when thou seest that act afoot, even with the very comment of thy soul observe my uncle.	1
no.	1
yes, so i fear; and my fears are more than they were.	1
am i a coward ?	1
i dare assure thee that no enemy shall ever take alive the noble brutus .	1
none in the world ,  nor do i know the man .	1
ay, marry, wast, and he put it by thrice, every time gentler than other, and at every putting by mine honest neighbors shouted.	1
romeo ,  come out .	1
that’s the one .	1
more strange than true.	1
for ever and for ever farewell ,  brutus !	1
there’s your boyfriend ,  sleeping right over there .	1
every wrong is not a hate at first.	1
then tell me if antonio can be called a brother .	1
but who comes here ?	1
here comes your father .	1
take it and do that for me ,  and leave me alone for a while .	1
ergo ,  master launcelot .	1
what you have said i will consider; what you have to say i will with patience hear, and find a time both meet to hear and answer such high things.	1
no, good my lord, don’t be angry.	1
this is the night that either makes me or breaks me .	1
well ,  thou hast comforted me marvelous much .	1
oh ,  let me kiss his hand !	1
it’s fair for him to treat me like this ,  very fair .	1
think that you are a baby ,  that you have taken these offers for true love ,  which are not true offers .	1
monsieur cobweb; good monsieur, get you your weapons in your hand and kill me a red-hipped humble-bee on the top of a thistle; and, good monsieur, bring me the honey-bag.	1
no .	1
hurry .	1
my soul, and not my child!	1
now i’ll stand up .	1
do these eyes move?	1
what countryman ?	1
god bless your worship !	1
in every good thing they do .	1
while you lie here snoring ,  open - eyed plotting takes his time .	1
now, when the bridegroom in the morning comes to rouse thee from thy bed, there art thou dead.	1
see where they come .	1
to gonzalo] though this island seem to be [to gonzalo] though this island seem to be desert , — [to sebastian] ha ,  ha ,  ha !	1
you say so ?	1
to have a foolish wife.	1
and for mine own part ,  i durst not laugh for fear of opening my lips and receiving the bad air .	1
i swear ,  i scorn the word .	1
it is .	1
you all loved him once,—not without reason.	1
i know his walk; it is he .	1
then ,  my queen ,  in silence sad ,  trip we after the night’s shade .	1
my lord of gloucester ,  i have suffered your blunt upbraidings and your bitterness toward me for too long .	1
the dearest ring in venice will i give you, and find it out by proclamation; only for this i pray you pardon me.	1
o i wish i were a glove on that hand so that i might touch that cheek!	1
and in this way, you have explained it very well.	1
i am glad of it .	1
just tell his faults so quaintly that they may seem to be the stains of freedom ,  the flash and outbreak of a fiery mind ,  a savageness in wild blood ,  an attack that everyone goes through .	1
is't possible?	1
as a friend .	1
hast thou met with him?	1
we doubt it nothing.	1
the strangers are all gone .	1
and if thou prate of mountains let them throw millions of acres on us ,  till our ground ,  singeing his pate against the burning zone ,  make ossa like a wart !	1
she replied it should be better he became her guest ,  which she entreated .	1
i dare abide no longer.	1
most kind messenger ,  say to great caesar this in deputation: i kiss his conqu’ring hand .	1
i wish we may, but yet have i a mind that fears him much, and my misgiving still falls shrewdly to the purpose.	1
you have ,  my lord .	1
you promised to tell me .	1
i wish i could answer this comfort with a similar one !	1
tybalt is lying over there .	1
i hate an ungrateful man more than i hate lying ,  vanity ,  babbling ,  drunkenness ,  or any other vice that we feeble human beings are susceptible to . — oh ,  my god !	1
on tuesday last, a falcon, towering in her pride of place, was hawked at and killed by an owl that usually eats mice.	1
more shall they speak; for now i am bent to know, by the worst means, the worst.	1
this is  it is ,  my lord .	1
he won’t get the better of me .	1
what ,  my young lady and mistress !	1
no ,  no ,  they wouldn’t .	1
but such officers do the king best service in the end .	1
come ,  he hath hid himself among these trees to be consorted with the humorous night .	1
any minute .	1
though you can swim like a duck ,  you are made like a goose .	1
do you mark that ,  my lord ?	1
all my engagements i will construe to thee ,  all the charactery of my sad brows .	1
but upon the fairest boughs ,  or at every sentence end ,  will i  “ rosalinda ”  write ,  teaching all that read to know the quintessence of every sprite heaven would in little show .	1
i wish she were in her coffin here ,  with the ducats in her coffin !	1
she never was still foolish that was beautiful, because even her folly helped her have an heir.	1
and with such maimed rites?	1
i don’t feel anything .	1
but to the heart of the matter .	1
your lord knows what i think .	1
if you think i come hither as a lion, it were pity of my life.	1
but come ,  lords ,  will you come with me to edward’s room to comfort him ?	1
you best know the place .	1
only there's no bottom, none, in my own evils.	1
well ,  she got away .	1
o courteous tybalt!	1
o heaven, that such companions thou'ldst unfold, and put in every honest hand a whip to lash the rascals naked through the world even from the east to the west!	1
what ,  if my house be troubled with a rat and i be pleas'd to give ten thousand ducats to have it ban'd ?	1
ay ,  my good lord .	1
how does lieutenant cassio?	1
he’s starving me to death .	1
what follows ,  then ,  my lord ?	1
i never hurt you .	1
he is now in some commerce with my lady and will by and by depart .	1
emilia, come.	1
he'll still be hanged ,  although every drop of water swears against it and open very wide to fill him up .	1
the raven himself is hoarse with croaking about the fatal entrance of duncan under my castle walls.	1
is there no play to ease the anguish of a torturing hour?	1
outside ,  my lord ,  guarded ,  to know what you want .	1
ay ,  good my lord .	1
and your father was duke of milan ,  and you were his heir ,  a princess .	1
where’s my cousin toby ?	1
i found them on a tree .	1
we must die, messala.	1
this was sometime a paradox ,  but now the time gives it proof .	1
please tell me .	1
i am ashamed i did yield to them.	1
look ,  love ,  what jealous streaks of sunlight lace the parting clouds over there in the east .	1
so smile the heavens upon this holy act that after - hours with sorrow chide us not !	1
amen .	1
god knows when we shall meet again.	1
i say, amen.	1
yes ,  by saint patrick ,  but there is ,  horatio ,  and much offense too .	1
what time is it ?	1
i believe we must leave the killing out ,  when all is done .	1
you probably killed a lot of his men ?	1
the princes both make high account of you—  i know they do ,  and i have well deserved it .	1
she told her, that, while she kept it, it would make her sweet and soften my father entirely to her love; but if she lost it or made a gift of it, my father's eye should see her as hateful, and his spirits should hunt after new loves.	1
what would your gracious figure ?	1
he’s lost his comrades and is wandering around looking for them .	1
i do beseech your grace to pardon me ,  and withal forbear your conference with the noble duke .	1
my brave relative !	1
have all his ventures failed ?	1
o, 'tis foul in her.	1
where is he?	1
what do you here ?	1
your wife and babies savagely slaughtered.	1
if this business would really be finished when i did the deed ,  then it would be best to get it over with quickly .	1
what’s he that wishes so ?	1
why ?	1
good cinna ,  take this paper ,  and look you lay it in the praetor’s chair where brutus may but find it .	1
god give your grace good rest .	1
madam, although i speak it in your presence, you have a noble and a true conceit of god-like amity; which appears most strongly in bearing thus the absence of your lord.	1
if i didn’t have so many enemies in orsino’s court ,  i’d go join you there .	1
she’s not well married that lives married long ,  but she’s best married that dies married young .	1
i willingly accept your offer and put my future in your hands .	1
she has abandoned so many noble matches ,  her father ,  and her country ,  and her friends ,  to be called whore ?	1
pretty !	1
did you bring caesar home?	1
isn’t that what they said ?	1
listen to that petruchio: she says she’ll see you hanged first .	1
now comes the wanton blood up in your cheeks: they'll be in scarlet straight at any news .	1
for eighty - one weeks he will waste away in agony .	1
you wrong me ,  brutus .	1
nor go neither; but you'll lie like dogs and yet say nothing neither.	1
what do you think, cassio?	1
a cry more tuneable was never called to ,  or cheered with a horn ,  in crete ,  in sparta ,  or in thessaly .	1
all my pretty ones?	1
be wise when you criticize me and keep your minds alert so you can judge me fairly .	1
up .	1
i hoped thou shouldst have been my hamlet's wife; i thought thy bride-bed to have deck'd, sweet maid, and not have strew'd thy grave.	1
o excellent device— and make a sop of him .	1
where runn’st thou so fast ?	1
good then, casca.	1
her chaste, white gown is only sick and green, and only fools wear it.	1
give me a candle !	1
what is the night ?	1
think'st thou i'ld make a life of jealousy ,  to follow still the changes of the moon with fresh suspicions ?	1
why not ?	1
if we lose this battle ,  then this is the very last time we shall speak together .	1
thou wouldst be great; art not without ambition, but without the illness should attend it.	1
how i dote on thee!	1
where?	1
no ,  lady .	1
i doubt not of your wisdom.	1
what stature is she of ?	1
to adrian] but the rarity of it is, which is indeed [to adrian] but the rarity of it is, which is indeed almost beyond credit— [to antonio] as many vouched rarities are.	1
you go to juliet, help her ready.	1
come in ,  tailor; here you may roast your goose .	1
he hath refus'd it in the open court; he shall have merely justice and his bond .	1
to you i am bound for my life and education; my life and education both teach me how to respect you; you are the lord of duty, i am therefore your daughter.	1
only in them ,  nature's copy is not eternal .	1
i'll know his humor when he knows his time .	1
can’t what ,  my lord ?	1
is the execution of cawdor carried out?	1
have after .	1
the duke is humorous .	1
my lord is often thus and hath been from his youth .	1
an he speak any thing against me ,  i’ll take him down ,  an he were lustier than he is ,  and twenty such jacks .	1
you spurn me hence ,  and he will spurn me hither .	1
there is some strange misprision in the princes .	1
ring the alarum bell.	1
we’re all lost!	1
call philostrate .	1
masters, play here, i will content your pains; something that's brief; and bid “good morrow, general.” why, masters, have your instruments been in naples, that they speak i' the nose thus?	1
and when was he wont to wash his face ?	1
o, have mercy!	1
do so;— and let no man pay for this deed but we who did it.	1
caesar .	1
but if i shake it up a little it’ll work ,  because every one of those letters is in my name .	1
no ,  messala .	1
good night .	1
spirit, we must prepare to meet with caliban.	1
now ,  the next day was our sea - fight ,  and what followed you know already .	1
they are, my lord.	1
what do you say?	1
how now?	1
i promise you ,  except for your company ,  i would have been in bed an hour ago .	1
two of the fairest stars in all the heaven, having some business, do beg her eyes to twinkle in their sockets till the stars return.	1
well then ,  i know thee .	1
please let me prove you’re a fool .	1
we have a trifling foolish banquet towards . — is it e'en so ?	1
take your time .	1
sheathe your dagger .	1
nor heaven nor earth have been at peace tonight .	1
but since the affairs of men rest still incertain ,  let’s reason with the worst that may befall .	1
i’ll ask you another question .	1
wherefore ,  sweetheart ?	1
bind fast his corky arms .	1
so ,  i agree with noble buckingham—only a few should go to meet the prince .	1
is it not as this mouth should tear this hand for lifting food to ’t ?	1
o treacherous villains!	1
so that’s what i’ll do ,  not because i love her but because i’ll get something out of it .	1
do not talk to me, emilia; i cannot weep, nor answer have i none but what should go by water.	1
who should hang them ?	1
bliss be upon you !	1
get out ,  you horrible poison .	1
damn it ,  show me what you’re going to do for her .	1
who calls?	1
no, how will you do for a husband?	1
this will keep them from being frightened.	1
here is a mourning rome, a dangerous rome, no rome of safety for octavius yet; hie hence, and tell him so.	1
give me your hand ,  kate .	1
well ,  it doesn’t matter anymore .	1
what is your name ,  young man ?	1
hast thou drunk well ?	1
he likes me very well, and i have given him cause to; just send him here, and i'll train him.	1
o worthiest cousin !	1
where is duncan’s body ?	1
you know where i’ll be waiting .	1
i’m good at everything that ordinary men can do .	1
must there no more be done ?	1
the kind that tells you that the moor is having sex with your daughter right now .	1
fighting life ,  fighting death ,  i come without delay .	1
what's done is done .	1
wake her not .	1
beggar that i am ,  i am even poor in thanks ,  but i thank you ,  and sure ,  dear friends ,  my thanks are a halfpenny too expensive .	1
montano and myself were talking ,  and there comes a fellow crying out for help ,  with cassio following him with determined sword ,  to kill him .	1
i’m indebted to you forever .	1
yes ,  marry ,  sir .	1
the general and his wife are talking about it; and she strongly speaks up for you .	1
truly ,  a peck of provender .	1
are you really saying these things ,  or am i dreaming ?	1
mine eyes do itch ,  doth that bode weeping ?	1
what says the golden chest ?	1
iago ,  i’m leaving my dear desdemona with you .	1
let each man give me his bloody hand.	1
the clock says it’s daytime ,  but dark night is strangling the sun .	1
is there more news ?	1
the most you hope for was for her to marry wealthy and rise up the social ladder—that was your idea of heaven .	1
what’s pyramus ?	1
good night ,  sweet prince ,  and flights of angels sing thee to thy rest !	1
what’s new ,  cousin lodovico ?	1
farewell to you . —and you . —and you ,  volumnius .	1
not for you either .	1
for what is he they follow ?	1
but you'll be secret?	1
uneven is the course; i like it not .	1
o god ,  i could be put into a nutshell and count myself a king of infinite space ,  if it were not that i have bad dreams .	1
tell him i am prompt to lay my crown at ’s feet ,  and there to kneel .	1
killing him once is not enough revenge .	1
what are you then determined to do?	1
comes caesar to the capitol tomorrow ?	1
what’s the matter ?	1
what’s the matter there ?	1
i do so ,  i confess it .	1
we must do something ,  and i' th' heat .	1
loss upon loss !	1
it will but skin and film the ulcerous place ,  whiles rank corruption ,  mining all within ,  infects unseen .	1
let me see 'em .	1
i was his daughter when you banished him .	1
and ,  sister ,  as the winds will be favorable and the ships are strong to sail ,  don’t sleep ,  until you let me hear from you .	1
o grace!	1
guard the door .	1
o lord ,  they fight !	1
that makes me love you even more .	1
now please leave me alone .	1
for the table, sir, it shall be served in; for the meat, sir, it shall be covered; for your coming in to dinner, sir, why, let it be as sense and meaning shall determine.	1
i hoped thou shouldst have been my hamlet's wife; i thought thy bride - bed to have deck'd ,  sweet maid ,  and not have strew'd thy grave .	1
her body sleeps in the capulet tomb ,  and her soul lives with the angels .	1
at supper.	1
go ahead ,  but i won’t listen .	1
then heaven have mercy on me !	1
yet i have known those which have walked in their sleep who have died holily in their beds .	1
and what to?	1
i prithee ,  call him back .	1
is antonio here ?	1
you treat me like a stranger unlike my usual self ,  when i wonder now how you can behold such sights ,  and keep the natural ruby of your cheeks ,  when mine are blanched with fear .	1
i mistook you for the king.	1
are the players ready ?	1
ah ,  what an unkind hour is guilty of this lamentable chance !	1
how canst thou urge god’s dreadful law to us when thou hast broke it in such dear degree ?	1
i cannot but remember such things were ,  that were most precious to me .	1
the ottoman, reverend and gracious, steering with due course toward the isle of rhodes, have joined a later fleet there with them.	1
a gentleman, nurse, that loves to hear himself talk and will speak more in a minute than he will stand to in a month.	1
you’re sure the handwriting is your brother’s ?	1
good man ,  why are you crying ?	1
i warrant thee .	1
let me think.	1
the moon shines bright:—in such a night as this, when the sweet wind did gently kiss the trees, and they did make no noise,—in such a night, troilus, methinks, mounted the trojan walls, and sigh'd his soul toward the grecian tents, where cressid lay that night.	1
give me some wine, fill full.	1
tomorrow ,  soldier ,  i’ll fight by sea and land .	1
with whom ?	1
or, rather, do i not in plainest truth tell you i do not nor i cannot love you?	1
what's happened ,  that such a hideous trumpet calls to summon the sleepers of the house ?	1
i have no idea how .	1
i’ll have his heart, if he defaults; because, if he were out of business in venice, i can make whatever deals i want to.	1
i know not ,  madam .	1
i can only do it by lying ,  my lord ,  but i can do it so secretly that no one will suspect me .	1
here comes another of the tribe; a third cannot be matched, unless the devil himself turn jew.	1
this was sometime a paradox, but now the time gives it proof.	1
what, has this thing appear'd again to-night?	1
a likely piece of work that you should find it in your bedroom and not know who left it there!	1
his hour is almost past .	1
her reputation is also her own .	1
well ,  thou shalt see ,  thy eyes shall be thy judge ,  the difference of old shylock and bassanio:— what ,  jessica ! —thou shalt not gormandise ,  as thou hast done with me;—what ,  jessica ! — and sleep ,  and snore ,  and rend apparel out;— why ,  jessica ,  i say !	1
what i can do, i will; and i will do as much more than i dare do for myself.	1
o, throw away the worse part of it, and live the purer life with the other half.	1
now my sin has been taken from my lips by yours .	1
are there masques ?	1
fake ,  i’m telling you .	1
o, i am attacked, undone by villains!	1
the devil damn you black ,  you cream - faced loon !	1
oh ,  behold ,  the riches of the ship is come on shore !	1
this hand of yours requires a sequester from liberty, fasting and prayer, much castigation, exercise devout, for here's a young and sweating devil here that commonly rebels.	1
i will be satisfied !	1
o my dear gertrude ,  this worry ,  compared to a murdering piece ,  gives me more than enough death in many places .	1
i don’t desire any more .	1
if it isn’t my old friend grumio—and my dear friend petruchio !	1
dian's bud o'er cupid's flower hath such force and blessed power.	1
she’s busy and cannot come !  ”  is that an answer ?	1
if it’s bad, why has it given me promise of success, that began with a truth?	1
the wager?	1
i think so too .	1
buy food and get thyself in flesh.	1
let’s carve him as a dish fit for the gods ,  not hew him as a carcass fit for hounds .	1
go with me to it ,  and i’ll show it you; and by the way you shall tell me where in the forest you live .	1
nay ,  how will you do for a husband ?	1
where lies he ?	1
you have made a major mistake, and laid the love-juice on some true-love's sight.	1
regret that your mouth betrayed your actions .	1
still it cried ,   “ sleep no more !  ”  to all the house .	1
i’ll tell you who time ambles withal ,  who time trots withal ,  who time gallops withal ,  and who he stands still withal .	1
will you walk, sir?	1
he's a soldier; and for one to say a soldier lies is stabbing him.	1
do you think i meant sexual matters ?	1
what dost thou say ?	1
how sweet love is when it is yours ,  when only love's shadows are so rich in joy !	1
yes, only she doesn’t see anything.	1
very true; therefore look well for it .	1
why ,  here is the order to prove it .	1
the more you beat me ,  the more i’ll love you .	1
if you must damn yourself, do it a more delicate way than drowning.	1
it orders me to hand the noble duke of clarence over to you .	1
perforce i must confess i thought you lord of more true gentleness .	1
he trusts me well ,  the better my plan will work on him .	1
against my will ,  i’ve been told to bring you in to dinner .  ”  there’s a double meaning in that .	1
that handkerchief you speak of i found by luck and gave it to my husband; because ,  he begged me to steal it often with a solemn earnestness ,  more than ,  indeed ,  belonged to such a trifle .	1
speak behind the door .	1
who ,  i ?	1
i’ll go to lunch .	1
he hath confessed .	1
but come, your bergomask; let your epilogue alone.	1
must there no more be done ?	1
you gentle romans,— peace, oh!	1
come ,  you and i will thither presently .	1
please stay seated .	1
it is my duty, sir.	1
that cannot be ,  since i am still possessed of those effects for which i did the murder: my crown ,  mine own ambition ,  and my queen .	1
we’ve been praying for our husbands' welfare .	1
my lord ,  you shall o'errule my mind for once . — come on ,  lord hastings ,  will you go with me ?	1
sweetest nut hath sourest rind; such a nut is rosalind .	1
o cicero ,  i have seen tempests when the scolding winds have rived the knotty oaks ,  and i have seen th' ambitious ocean swell and rage and foam to be exalted with the threatening clouds ,  but never till tonight ,  never till now ,  did i go through a tempest dropping fire .	1
did you see anything ?	1
what would you say to me now if i really were your precious little rosalind ?	1
are you over your ridiculous mood ?	1
which their keepers call a lightning before death .	1
tell me .	1
romeo ,  are you going to your father’s for lunch ?	1
cool it with a baboon's blood, then the charm is firm and good.	1
and cassius too.	1
huh ?	1
yea ,  marry ,  that’s the eftest way . —let the watch come forth .	1
you were sent for, and there is a kind of confession in your looks, which you are not very good at hiding.	1
no one but a holy hermit and her maid .	1
or i’ll deliver thy indignation to him by word of mouth .	1
you use this dalliance to excuse your breach of promise to the porpentine .	1
i’ll rest .	1
is not that he that lies upon the ground?	1
nay ,  i will give thee a kiss .	1
my lord ,  my lord !	1
with as little a web as this will i ensnare as great a fly as cassio.	1
he has ridden his prologue like a rough colt .	1
and yet i fear you ,  for you are fatal then when your eyes roll so .	1
the fit is momentary; upon a thought he will again be well .	1
come ,  bird ,  come .	1
hands ,  speak for me !	1
now have i done a good day’s work .	1
why ,  thy godhead laid apart ,  warr’st thou with a woman’s heart ?	1
thy edward he is dead ,  that killed my edward ,  thy other edward dead ,  to quit my edward; young york ,  he is but boot ,  because both they matched not the high perfection of my loss .	1
go armed .	1
o most lame and impotent conclusion!	1
who is it ?	1
but i cannot choose but weep, to think they would lay him in the cold ground.	1
brutus, this sober face of yours hides wrongs; and when you do them— cassius, please.	1
come thy ways ,  signior fabian .	1
my lord the ruler of burgundy ,  i’ll speak to you first .	1
let’s make us med'cines of our great revenge ,  to cure this deadly grief .	1
i’ll cry my tears for romeo’s banishment when their tears are dry .	1
good night ,  lord brutus .	1
not that ,  i hope ,  which you received of me .	1
go ,  go get fire .	1
this is the pent - house ,  under which lorenzo desir'd us to make stand .	1
my life for yours .	1
thus must i from the smoke into the smother ,  from tyrant duke unto a tyrant brother .	1
think what thou wilt ,  i am thy lover’s grace .	1
i think it’s later than that, sir.	1
peter!	1
will you be going to scone?	1
read your history !	1
there's no offense, my lord.	1
at least we'll die with armor on our back.	1
fret till your proud heart break .	1
and who’s he, then, that says i play the villain?	1
long live the king !	1
by mary, heaven forbid!	1
ring the alarms bell!	1
statilius show'd the torch - light ,  but ,  my lord ,  he came not back .	1
they say there's but five upon this isle: we are three of them; if th'other two be brained like us, the state totters.	1
let me see, let me see; is not the leaf turn'd down where i left reading?	1
pale, or red?	1
your statue spouting blood in many pipes ,  in which so many smiling romans bathed ,  signifies that ,  from you ,  great rome shall suck reviving blood ,  and that great men shall ask for tinctures ,  stains ,  relics ,  and recognition .	1
then music is even as the flourish, when true subjects bow to a new-crowned monarch: such it is, as are those dulcet sounds in break of day, that creep into the dreaming bridegroom's ear, and summon him to marriage.	1
you killed my child .	1
and so perchance may he be .	1
oh ,  you excellent young man !	1
what do you want ,  laertes ,  that i shall not my offer before you ask ?	1
he ,  when he hears of her ,  cannot refrain from the excess of laughter .	1
valiant othello, we must straight send you against the general enemy ottoman.	1
give me ,  "  said i .	1
nor i .	1
what?	1
were you made the messenger ?	1
i will be angry .	1
bestir heigh, my hearts!	1
saints don’t move ,  even when they grant prayers .	1
to insult and judge are different things ,  and of opposite natures .	1
the one of them imports the death of cassio to be undertook by roderigo.	1
behind the arras i'll convey myself ,  to hear the process .	1
o, i see that nose of yours, but not that dog i shall throw it to.	1
will you be counted in the number of our friends ,  or shall we go on and not depend on you ?	1
do not go forth today.	1
now the only person i love ,  and believe in ,  and want to look at ,  is helena .	1
will the king hear this piece of work ?	1
a very changeable rogue, having no further conscience than assuming the mere form of civil and humane behavior, for the better measure of his worth and very hidden loose affections?	1
i once did hold it, as our statists do, a baseness to write fair, and labour'd much how to forget that learning; but, sir, now it did me yeoman's service.	1
fruits and vegetables don’t ripen until the right season of the year .	1
search ,  seek ,  and know how this foul murder comes .	1
it is my lady mother .	1
respect caesar's corpse, and respect his speech about caesar's glory, which mark antony is allowed to make with our permission.	1
send for the county .	1
by jove that thunders !	1
let's get going and do the murder first.	1
thou naughty knave, what trade?	1
o, behold, the riches of the ship is come on shore!	1
indeed they say the senators tomorrow mean to establish caesar as a king, and he shall wear his crown by sea and land, in every place save here in italy.	1
that’s what i’m doing .	1
besides ,  i have some business to take care of in town .	1
no, had she been true, if heaven would make me such another world of one entire and perfect crystal, i wouldn’t have sold her for it.	1
three times, and the hedgehog whined once.	1
how did you know what happened to your poor father ?	1
it’s a good thing you’re not a fish .	1
flute, you must take the role of thisbe.	1
but, as i said, in the middle of july, she’ll be fourteen; that she will, by mary; i remember it well.	1
more torches here !	1
the time is very short.	1
popilius lena doesn’t speak about our plan, because, look, he smiles, and caesar doesn’t notice anything.	1
you told a lie, an odious, damned lie; upon my soul, a lie, a wicked lie!	1
i do not set my life at a pin's fee; and for my soul, what can it do to that, being a thing immortal as itself?	1
but, break my heart, for i must be silent!	1
time ,  you thwart my dreadful plans .	1
if it please his majesty ,  ’tis the breathing time of day with me .	1
yes ,  we are .	1
yes ,  you are .	1
yes, better, sir.	1
stand further away .	1
hence !	1
you will lose this wager, my lord.	1
or be alive again, and challenge me to fight you in the desert with your sword.	1
how idly do they talk !	1
you’re snoring ,  but it sounds like you’re talking .	1
and as for what i promised to you ,  i’m as good as my word .	1
would katherine had never seen him ,  though !	1
and like mine ,  but i’m getting a little tired of it .	1
that’s where we’ll meet with macbeth.	1
there’s not a strand of feather left in our whole army—a good sign ,  i hope ,  that we won’t fly away like birds—and time on the field has made us slovenly .	1
this is the roof under which lorenzo said to meet him .	1
or keep it as a cistern for foul toads to knot and gender in !	1
servant, get away.	1
but will it be soon ?	1
i understand now .	1
o hell!	1
i would not follow him then .	1
the storm is up and all is on the hazard .	1
yare, yare!	1
is it true ,  sir ,  that the duke of cornwall was killed as they say ?	1
draws .	1
and this may help to thicken other proofs that do demonstrate thinly .	1
what counterfeit did i give you ?	1
who is calling so loudly ?	1
pour in sow's blood that hath eaten her nine farrow; grease that's sweaten from the murderer's gibbet throw into the flame .	1
look you how pale he glares !	1
nothing that can be can come between me and the full prospect of my hopes .	1
even so . —cover their faces .	1
give me your hand and let me see you dressed in woman’s clothing .	1
susan and she (god rest all christian souls !	1
how now, roderigo!	1
oh ,  it’s too bad !	1
speak'st thou this from thy heart?	1
so ,  fare you well .	1
if he’s as good as a saint but is black like a devil ,  i’d rather he hear my confession than marry me .	1
my daughter’s mother thinks it with her soul .	1
no ,  thou proud dream ,  that play’st so subtly with a king’s repose .	1
listen a little bit more ,  and then i'll bring you to the present situation which is now here ,  without which ,  this story would be most irrelevant .	1
fear it, ophelia, fear it, my dear sister, and keep you in the rear of your affection, out of the shot and danger of desire.	1
yea ,  from the table of my memory i’ll wipe away all trivial fond records ,  all saws of books ,  all forms ,  all pressures past that youth and observation copied there ,  and thy commandment all alone shall live within the book and volume of my brain ,  unmixed with baser matter .	1
he is a dreamer .	1
they are incensed .	1
two such opposed kings encamp them still in man as well as herbs—grace and rude will; and where the worser is predominant, full soon the canker death eats up that plant.	1
what are your names ?	1
i will walk by .	1
i will, my hermia.	1
nurse ?	1
we’ll be there .	1
what, dead, my dove?	1
so many miseries have crazed my voice that my woe - wearied tongue is still and mute .	1
how late is it ,  lords ?	1
dismayed not this our captains ,  macbeth and banquo ?	1
well then ,  sing a lullaby to your generosity: it’ll nap until i come back .	1
this love feel i makes me feel no love in this .	1
better be with the dead ,  whom we ,  to gain our peace ,  have sent to peace ,  than on the torture of the mind to lie in restless ecstasy .	1
one more time ,  we proclaim this publicly: if anyone will pay this man’s bail ,  he will not be put to death .	1
give me faith ,  say i .	1
a trumpet without.	1
dead ,  desdemon !	1
your houses !	1
who's that ?	1
are you his brother ?	1
i’m whipped and tortured— may god give you a good evening .	1
welcome ,  my lord .	1
hamlet ,  you’re dead .	1
although i hate her ,  i'll not harm her like that .	1
you shall hear more by midnight.	1
do you need lime and hair to speak better?	1
whither ?	1
and have i ever seemed less than modest or appropriate to you ?	1
with meditating that she must die once i have the patience to endure it now .	1
oh ,  what a mean low - life i am !	1
he never did anything in his whole life that looked as good as the way he died .	1
if it please you to dine with us.	1
i cannot tell .	1
what, lucius!	1
this treacherous egyptian has betrayed me .	1
or that there were such men whose heads stood in their breasts?	1
here ,  quite confounded with this mutiny .	1
madam ,  i’ve come here to try to make you like him .	1
by mary ,  sir ,  here's my intention: ,  and i believe it is a trick of protection .	1
why, now, blow and, swell billow, and swim bark!	1
this night methinks is but the daylight sick .	1
but when i say so ,  i swear she turns white as a sheet .	1
they shouted three times .	1
now, by two-headed janus, nature hath fram'd strange fellows in her time: some that will evermore peep through their eyes, and laugh, like parrots, at a bag-piper; and other of such vinegar aspect, that they'll not show their teeth in way of smile, though nestor swear the jest be laughable.	1
i hate the moor; and it is thought abroad that 'twixt my sheets he has done my office .	1
i eat the air ,  crammed with promises .	1
no indeed ,  my lord .	1
trust not trebonius .	1
madam, although i’m saying it in front of you, you have a noble and a true understanding of godlike friendship, which appears most strongly in your behaving like this in the absence of your lord.	1
madam, it so fell out that certain players we o'erraught on the way.	1
i’ll carry it to the pile .	1
come, bring me where they are.	1
will you listen to me ,  roderigo ?	1
but men are men; the best sometimes forget: though cassio did some little wrong to him, as men in rage strike those that wish them best, yet surely cassio, i believe, received from him that fled some strange indignity, which patience could not pass.	1
well ,  i’ll commit the sin of double - dealing ,  and deal you a second coin .	1
soon at five o'clock ,  please you ,  i’ll meet with you upon the mart and afterward consort you till bedtime .	1
i have led you oft; carry me now ,  good friends ,  and have my thanks for all .	1
come on ,  iago .	1
i’m just worried that you’ve been cozying up to her ,  and gotten intimate with her .	1
if i were to die now ,  i could die very happy; because ,  i’m afraid ,  my soul is so absolutely content ,  that no other comfort like this one can follow unknown death .	1
you are as good as a chorus ,  my lord .	1
rebellious subjects, enemies to peace, profaners of this neighbour-stained steel— will they not hear?	1
there ,  gentle hermia ,  may i marry thee; and to that place the sharp athenian law cannot pursue us .	1
pray god it be ,  sir .	1
hail, mortal!	1
hast thou not dropped from heaven ?	1
so is my horse ,  octavius ,  and for that reason i give him all the hay he wants .	1
ay, lady, it was my word.	1
what news from her ?	1
i never may believe these antique fables ,  nor these fairy toys .	1
wilt thou provoke me ?	1
i will ask him for my place again ,  he shall tell me i am a drunkard .	1
pooh!	1
how do you mean ,  removing of him ?	1
but yet it is our trick .	1
some god direct my judgment !	1
scratch my head ,  peaseblossom .	1
but ,  sirrah ,  not for my sake ,  but your master’s ,  i advise you use your manners discreetly in all kind of companies .	1
i don’t know ,  except they are busy with some phony guarantee .	1
tell him his fears are shallow ,  without instance .	1
i never knew a woman love man so.	1
where is he ?	1
how now ?	1
good - bye ,  sir .	1
let’s hide and listen.	1
i think it does .	1
good peter ,  to hide her face ,  for her fan has the fairer face .	1
o, help him, you sweet heavens!	1
get you away; i'll send for you anon .	1
please forgive me if i’m mistaken ,  my lord—but i can’t keep quiet when i think you’re being insulted .	1
i’ll do ’t .	1
philomel with melody ,  &amp;c .  hence away; now all is well .	1
all these new christians will make the price of hogs go up .	1
but tell me ,  monsieur—what sport are the ladies missing ?	1
let me choose; because as i am ,  i live in torture .	1
i am to blame .	1
a lioness hath whelped in the streets; and graves have yawn'd, and yielded up their dead; fierce fiery warriors fight upon the clouds, in ranks and squadrons and right form of war, which drizzled blood upon the capitol; the noise of battle hurtled in the air, horses did neigh and dying men did groan, and ghosts did shriek and squeal about the streets.	1
fool ,  fool ,  hey ,  fool !	1
where nothing, but who knows nothing, is once seen to smile; where sighs and groans and shrieks that rend the air, are made, not mark'd; where violent sorrow seems a modern ecstasy.	1
here ,  sir ,  but trouble him not .	1
roast me in fires of sulphur!	1
my lord ,  the mayor of london is here to greet you .	1
husband ,  i’ll dine above with you today ,  and shrive you of a thousand idle pranks .	1
you are dull, casca, and those sparks of life that should be in a roman you do want, or else you use not.	1
it was as i have seen it in his life, a sable silvered.	1
am i the motive for these tears ,  my lord ?	1
i speak no treason .	1
stillness and nighttime are perfect for beautiful music .	1
the cease of majesty dies not alone ,  but ,  like a gulf ,  doth draw what’s near it with it .	1
how does it feel to be benedick the married man ?	1
i’ll be your foil ,  laertes .	1
don’t ,  my lord .	1
don’t ask me anything .	1
if to preserve this vessel for my lord from any other foul unlawful touch be not to be a strumpet ,  i am none .	1
why do you make such faces ?	1
where the place?	1
it’s not true .	1
what does that have to do with my lysander ?	1
isn’t that him heading this way ?	1
no ,  i’ll slit the nose of the villain who would have sent me to jail .	1
i have more care to stay than will to go.	1
nothing that i respect ,  my gracious lord .	1
she’s but the sign and semblance of her honor .	1
will you to scone ?	1
thy half o' th' kingdom hast thou not forgot ,  wherein i thee endowed .	1
and then ,  as we have ta'en the sacrament ,  we will unite the white rose and the red .	1
where are your tenants and your followers ?	1
let’s hope his sense of shame will send him back to rome quickly .	1
or image of that horror ?	1
who are they that do play it?	1
i will kiss your lips.	1
we are very sorry for't.	1
he was some such squire that turned your wit inside out, and made you to suspect me of sleeping with the moor.	1
then know that from my soul i love thy daughter .	1
run to the capitol, and nothing else?	1
the play's the thing wherein i'll catch the conscience of the king.	1
in the meantime i wrote to romeo and told him to come here on this awful night to help remove her from her temporary grave when the sleeping potion wore off .	1
i will carry no crotchets .	1
o grim-look'd night!	1
if we offend ,  it is with our good will .	1
this is well .	1
may the gods destroy you !	1
if you shall cleave to my consent, when ’tis, it shall make honor for you.	1
don’t let my prayers go unanswered, hamlet.	1
the breaking of so great a thing should make a greater crack .	1
ay, with a heart as willing as bondage e'er of freedom: here's my hand.	1
and cassio’s killed ?	1
then i wish you were so honest a man.	1
now she’s gone for ever . — cordelia ,  cordelia ,  stay a little .	1
it is a good divine that follows his own instructions .	1
at least we'll die with harness on our back .	1
away!	1
i think it is .	1
when the blood is made dull with the act of sport, there should be, again to inflame it and to give satiety a fresh appetite, loveliness in favor, sympathy in years, manners, and beauties; all which the moor is defec- tive in.	1
how now ?	1
hurry up ,  or i’ll smack you on the ears with my sword before you have yours drawn .	1
must i remember ?	1
cheerly ,  cheerly ,  my hearts !	1
this tune goes manly .	1
so romeo ,  if he wasn’t called  “ romeo ,  ”  would retain that dear perfection which he has without that title .	1
they call for dates and quinces in the pastry.	1
his pleasure should be proclaimed this much .	1
i bet my life some evil busybody ,  some meddling ,  lying jerk made up this rumor to get some position .	1
let us be united in our revenge against him .	1
a very tall man !	1
what if her eyes were there, they in her head?	1
well ,  your imprisonment shall not be long .	1
indeed ,  they say that the senators plan to establish caesar as a king tomorrow ,  and he’ll wear his crown at sea and on land everywhere except here in italy .	1
come ,  death ,  and welcome !	1
come in and give some help .	1
it is very necessary that we forget to pay ourselves what we owe to ourselves.	1
hear me ,  recreant !	1
when i reach the place he’s calling from ,  he disappears .	1
thunder] alas, the storm has come again!	1
o, are you come, iago?	1
a noble prisoner!	1
then she hath sworn that she will still live chaste?	1
you rotten scoundrel!	1
carried to colmekill, the sacred storehouse of his predecessors and guardian of their bones.	1
farewell ,  sir .	1
you’ve pretended to be in love with her ,  singing fake love songs softly at her window by moonlight ,  and you’ve captured her imagination by giving her locks of your hair ,  rings ,  toys ,  trinkets ,  knickknacks ,  little presents ,  flowers ,  and candies—things that can really influence an impressionable young person .	1
so please your grace, the prologue is address'd.	1
is my father well?	1
make yourself comfortable .	1
she was previously caius marcellus’ wife .	1
you may call me that, sir, when i may be a wife.	1
so boring this day is ,  as the night before some festival is to an impatient child that has new clothes ,  and can’t wear them .	1
you’re famous for it .	1
what conrade !	1
you have seen nothing, then?	1
o how honest !	1
we are resolved ,  my lord .	1
what do you think of these quick - witted folks ,  gremio ?	1
i to the world am like a drop of water that in the ocean seeks another drop ,  who ,  falling there to find his fellow forth ,  unseen ,  inquisitive ,  confounds himself .	1
pardon me, caesar, for my dear dear love to your proceeding bids me tell you this, and reason to my love is liable.	1
these are not natural events .	1
faith, half asleep.	1
my dear fool ,  because my brother died .	1
leave me quickly.	1
but don’t take all that pain on yourself .	1
he brings great news .	1
despised ,  distressèd ,  hated ,  martyred ,  killed !	1
dost thou think alexander looked o' this fashion i' the earth ?	1
thou dost belie her ,  and thou art a devil .	1
and ,  england ,  if you hold my love at anything ,  as my great power may give you some sense ,  since your scar still looks raw and red after the danish sword ,  and your open fear pays homage to us ,  you might not view our sovereign process coldly ,  which gives you full power ,  by letters testifying to that effect ,  the present death of hamlet .	1
they bleed on both sides.	1
you should not have believed me ,  for virtue can’t graft a new plant onto our old stock but we shall relish of it .	1
it will be made even heavier soon—by the weight of a man .	1
she is unfortunate, indeed deranged.	1
but ignore that.	1
it’s not craziness that i have spoken.	1
no ,  let me know ,  and knowing what i am ,  i know what she shall be .	1
what are we going to give as our excuse?	1
i pray you ,  sir ,  my ring or else the chain .	1
ay ,  gentle cousin ,  were it light enough .	1
if ,  my dearest father ,  you have put the wild waters into this fury by your magic ,  stop them .	1
nor have i seen more that i may call men than you ,  good friend ,  and my dear father .	1
he picked out the letter  “ g ”  from the alphabet and said a wizard told him that  “ g ”  will take the throne away from his children .	1
it is bad weather in us all ,  good sir ,  when you are cloudy .	1
what, can the devil speak the truth?	1
men ,  wives ,  and children stare ,  cry out ,  and run as it were doomsday .	1
thou liest; thou canst not.	1
my lord?	1
marry ,  sir ,  to bid my old master the jew to sup tonight with my new master the christian .	1
what need we fear who knows it, when none can call our power to account?	1
what misadventure is so early up, that calls our person from our morning rest?	1
yes, truly, and so do you.	1
again, again!	1
was that mine?	1
you take my house when you do take the prop that doth sustain my house .	1
but ,  by 'r lady ,  he must build churches then ,  or else shall he suffer not thinking on ,  with the hobby - horse ,  whose epitaph is  “ for ,  oh ,  for ,  oh ,  the hobby - horse is forgot .  ”       what means this ,  my lord ?	1
who would not have his wife so ?	1
you get trickier and trickier .	1
passionately ”  ?	1
or was it just your whim ,  on your own initiative ?	1
yes, and brought off the field.	1
please forgive and forget .	1
why ,  art thou mad ,  old fellow ?	1
dear my lord, make me acquainted with your cause of grief.	1
give me my mask.	1
this hand of yours requires a sequester from liberty ,  fasting ,  and prayer ,	1
lady luck is a fickle whore and never gives the poor a break .	1
what do you think about him ,  cassio ?	1
well said !	1
it is a beast for perseus .	1
a lantern ,  slaughtered youth ,  for here lies juliet ,  and her beauty makes this vault a feasting presence full of light .	1
thou shalt be loggerhead . —good faith ,  ’tis day .	1
an if i could ,  what should i get therefore ?	1
so will we all .	1
i laugh at any weapon used by a man who was born from a woman .	1
i do not know .	1
or ,  as it were perfumed by a swamp .	1
tis some mischance; the cry is very direful .	1
less than an ace ,  man; for he is dead; he is nothing .	1
anyone who builds his hopes on air lives like a drunken sailor hanging on a mast ,  ready with every dizzy nod of his head to tumble to the bottom of the sea .	1
let’s go greet him when he lands .	1
excellent ,  really ,  of the chameleon's dish .	1
don’t say that ,  my lord .	1
yes ,  you already hurt me in the church ,  in the town ,  and in the fields .	1
i am a gentleman of blood and breeding ,  and from some knowledge and assurance offer this office to you .	1
what sense had i of her stol'n hours of lust?	1
but aren’t you drowned ,  stephano ?	1
i lay with cassio lately and ,  being troubled with a raging tooth ,  i could not sleep .	1
let’s stay and hear the will .	1
call claudius and some others of my men; i'll have them sleep on cushions in my tent.	1
who was so firm ,  so constant ,  that this coil would not infect his reason ?	1
am i begged ,  then , to speak and strike ?	1
i swear by my holy order ,  i thought you were smarter and more rational than this .	1
we’re men beached on the sand ,  hoping to be washed out by the next tide .	1
go hence .	1
or if not so ,  then here i hit it right: our romeo hath not been in bed tonight .	1
then i well perceive you are not nigh .	1
macbeth is ripe for shaking ,  and the powers above put on their instruments .	1
what ,  household stuff ?	1
fortune and antony part here .	1
proceed directly.	1
go to ,  go to !	1
if thou rememb'rest aught ere thou cam'st here ,  how thou cam'st here thou mayst .	1
cassius, stop worrying.	1
but virtue ,  as it never will be moved ,  though lewdness court it in a shape of heaven ,  so lust ,  though to a radiant angel link'd ,  will sate itself in a celestial bed and prey on garbage .	1
where's satisfaction?	1
the prince’s fool !	1
i have no doubt that it will be a swift and successful war ,  since god so graciously exposed this dangerous plot .	1
where ,  where ?	1
let me comply with you in this garb—lest my extent to the players ,  which ,  i tell you ,  must show fairly outwards ,  should more appear like entertainment than yours .	1
o god ,  i could be bounded in a nutshell and count myself a king of infinite space ,  were it not that i have bad dreams .	1
from this time such i account thy love.	1
talk you of young master launcelot?—mark me now—now will i raise the waters.—talk you of young master launcelot?	1
then put up your pipes in your bag ,  for i'll away .	1
you must therefore be content to conceal the gloss of your new fortunes with this more stubborn and violent expedition.	1
o dissolving soul, that, struggling to be free, is more a slave!	1
o you sir ,  you ,  come you hither ,  sir .	1
and don’t we have passions ,  and a taste for fun ,  and weaknesses ,  just like men ?	1
do we but find the tyrant’s power tonight ,  let us be beaten if we cannot fight .	1
but mock me gently ,  dear kate ,  because i love you terribly .	1
an if i could, what should i get therefore?	1
what other bonds than secret romans ,  that have spoken the word ,  and will not negotiate without honor ?	1
i would have made it short .	1
good morning ,  gentlemen .	1
who comes here ?	1
nay 'tis twice two months, my lord.	1
by thee; and this thou didst return from him: that he did buffet thee and ,  in his blows ,  denied my house for his ,  me for his wife .	1
yes .	1
respect caesar's corpse ,  and respect his speech about caesar's glory ,  which mark antony is allowed to make with our permission .	1
no ,  it’s certain ,  iras .	1
but yet, i say, if imputation and strong circumstances, which lead directly to the door of truth, will give you satisfaction, you may have't.	1
for a while ,  no play was sold to the theaters without a big fight between the children’s playwright and the actors playing adult roles .	1
a fire ,  good curtis .	1
crack thy frail case ! —apace ,  eros ,  apace .	1
no, no!	1
why ,  how are you ,  hecate ?	1
and how does your content tender your own good fortune ?	1
my heart is thirsty for that noble pledge .	1
cousin, there's fall'n between him and my lord an unkind breech; but you shall make all well.	1
don’t worry about the cost.	1
help ,  help ,  ho !	1
it doesn’t sound as sweet as it did before .	1
peace!	1
the ditty does remember my drowned father .	1
most savage and unnatural !	1
o honey nurse, what news?	1
they were traitors.	1
what is a traitor ?	1
sir ,  mark antony will e’en but kiss octavia ,  and we’ll follow .	1
you fools!	1
o ,  this is a contract and pay ,  not revenge .	1
as if that name of romeo, shot from the deadly level of a gun, murdered her the same way as that name's cursed hand murdered her kinsman.	1
oh ,  lay me by my mistress' side .	1
swell, bosom, with your fury, because it is from lavender’s tongues!	1
it waves me forth again.	1
the games are done and caesar is returning .	1
wisely and slow .	1
well praised !	1
better ,  since your lordship was nice enough to ask .	1
farewell ,  thou lob of spirits .	1
o ,  look ,  titinius ,  look ,  the enemy flies !	1
you say you don’t know what the lady thinks about this.	1
go, philostrate, stir up the young people of athens to start swinging; get the party spirit going; turn sadness back to the funerals — no sadness at our parties.	1
oh ,  fie !	1
indeed ,  to speak feelingly of him ,  he is the card or calendar of gentry ,  because you shall find in him the continent of what a gentleman is .	1
have you eyes?	1
murder !	1
there to meet with macbeth .	1
if she find him not, to england send him; or confine him where your wisdom best shall think.	1
then, my queen, in sad silence, we dance after night's darkness.	1
what ,  my lord ?	1
let us do so, for we are at the stake, and bay'd about with many enemies; and some that smile have in their hearts, i fear, millions of mischiefs.	1
what’s the matter ?	1
speak .	1
oh !	1
it is too late .	1
and there were a hundred spooked women huddled together in fear who swore they saw men on fire walk up and down the streets .	1
die when thou hast lived .	1
why ,  fool ?	1
ha !	1
and that’s how she died ?	1
to a nunnery ,  go .	1
like hell !	1
they have a massive army .	1
i curse him ,  but he loves me .	1
your mistress bears well .	1
oh, noble judge!	1
oh ,  uncle ,  it’s better to smile and flatter indoors where it’s dry than get soaked out here .	1
the weary way hath made you melancholy .	1
what i am and what i would are as secret as maidenhead .	1
all but metellus cimber ,  and he's gone to your house to find you .	1
madam ,  here comes my lord .	1
what if it be a poison, which the friar has secretly given me to have me dead, so that he shouldn’t be dishonored because he married me to romeo before paris?	1
no ,  by no means .	1
ay ,  noble lord .	1
what time is it ?	1
o heavens ,  this is my true - begotten father !	1
twas the boy that stole your meat ,  and you’ll beat the post .	1
don’t delay .	1
you may do whatever you want in the world .	1
but i might see young cupid’s fiery shaft quenched in the chaste beams of the watery moon ,  and the imperial votaress passèd on ,  in maiden meditation ,  fancy - free .	1
with who ?	1
romeo's shall be as rich, lying by his lady's side, poor sacrifices of our hatred!	1
he wants to be crowned .	1
good my lord .	1
master ,  if you do ,  expect spoon meat; or bespeak a long spoon .	1
maud ,  bridget ,  marian ,  ciceley ,  gillian ,  ginn !	1
i'll be right behind you.	1
those that are in a hurry will make a mighty fire and start it with flimsy straws .	1
let life be short so that shame won’t last too long .	1
tis certain then for cyprus .	1
it is a trade ,  sir ,  that i practice with a clear conscience .	1
tis said they eat each other.	1
i'll go around and drive the low people away from the streets; you do this too, where you see many of them gathered together.	1
the name of cassius honors this corruption ,  and ,  for that reason ,  punishment hides his head .	1
what!	1
a greater gift than that i’ll give my cousin .	1
come on ,  show me the wound that my eyes have caused .	1
those that do teach young babes do it with gentle means and easy tasks .	1
ay, in the temple, in the town, the field, you do me mischief.	1
i hope lightning strikes her in the eyes !	1
where’s publius ?	1
can anything be made out of this ?	1
we shall be short in our provision.	1
what other ceremony?	1
they burn for revenge .	1
then make a circle around caesar’s corpse ,  and let me show you the man who made this will .	1
yet i’ll not shed her blood ,  nor scar that whiter skin of hers than snow and smooth as monumental alabaster .	1
what is it that you would impart to me ?	1
who then shall blame his pester'd senses to recoil and start, when all that is within him does condemn itself for being there?	1
the sad spectacle of the wreck, which touched the very virtue of compassion in you, i have ordered so safely with similar use of my magic that there is no soul— no, not so much damage as to one hair happened to any creature on the vessel which you heard cry, which you saw sink.	1
it is he .	1
your worm is your only emperor for diet .	1
any comfort he gets is like cold oatmeal.	1
tybalt, you rat-catcher, will you walk away?	1
iago hath direction what to do; but notwithstanding ,  with my personal eye will i look to't .	1
i never shall endure her .	1
i don’t have anywhere to go ,  so i don’t need to see .	1
so please your majesty that we may wake the king ?	1
that you’ve wronged me shows in this action: you’ve condemned and punished lucius pella for taking bribes from the sardians here, and my letters, taking his side because i knew the man, were blown off.	1
these griefs, these woes, these sorrows make me old.	1
is it possible ?	1
go sleep ,  and hear us .	1
may the gods bless you .	1
who could refrain, that had a heart to love, and in that heart courage to make's love known?	1
tell me to run ,  and i’ll run .	1
if he stays in this country he’ll be found .	1
upon a lie seven times removed . —bear your body more seeming ,  audrey . —as thus ,  sir: i did dislike the cut of a certain courtier’s beard .	1
behold, here i lie, never to rise again.	1
ha ! —where ?	1
the king performs more wonders than seem humanly possible ,  challenging every enemy he sees .	1
o, she's rich in beauty; only poor that, when she dies, with beauty dies her store.	1
thieves!	1
tis no time to play now .	1
yes ,  or to wear cosmetics ?	1
madam !	1
i don’t think he’d have any choice ,  my lord .	1
how are you now ,  lieutenant ?	1
then to the wood will he tomorrow night pursue her .	1
where is he ?	1
please ,  pretty young man ,  i’d like to get to know you better .	1
my lord ,  i do not know ,  but truly i do fear it .	1
you understand me, yes?	1
the jewels you have had from me to deliver to desdemona would half have corrupted a nun .	1
go into the bedroom and see for yourself .	1
let no fair be kept in mind but the fair of rosalind .	1
i am content ,  so the maiden cities you talk of may wait on her .	1
what ?	1
he is not here .	1
both of which ,  master constable— you have .	1
indeed she’s a most fresh and delicate creature .	1
and patches of righteousness .	1
she whom i love now doth grace for grace and love for love allow.	1
is it possible that any villainy should be so dear ?	1
you have often started to tell me who i am ,  but you stopped ,  and left me to a useless questioning ,  concluding  “ wait ,  not yet .  ”  now it’s time ,  the very minute asks you to listen carefully; obey and listen .	1
leave me and do the thing i bid thee do.	1
romeo ran away when tybalt fell dead .	1
by sinel's death i know i am thane of glamis; but how of cawdor ?	1
i think withal there would be hands uplifted in my right; and here from gracious england have i offer of goodly thousands .	1
such tricks hath strong imagination that ,  if it would but apprehend some joy ,  it comprehends some bringer of that joy; or in the night ,  imagining some fear ,  how easy is a bush supposed a bear ?	1
but goodbye .	1
not as happy as macbeth ,  only still much happier .	1
but for your husband ,  he is noble ,  wise ,  judicious ,  and best knows the fits o’ the season .	1
honest ,  my lord ?	1
not a bit ,  madam .	1
with who ?	1
i will not stay to offend you .	1
this is the perfect place to rehearse .	1
but come ,  your bergomask .	1
i’ve never heard of that .	1
then ,  good my liege ,  mistake me not so much to think my poverty is treacherous .	1
why, now, blow wind, swell seas, and swim ships!	1
she’s a beagle ,  true - bred ,  and one that adores me .	1
i’m as crazy as he is ,  if sad craziness and happy craziness are equivalent .	1
i hear their drums .	1
i won’t take it back .	1
kind souls ,  what ,  weep you when you but behold our caesar’s vesture wounded ?	1
that was me ,  but it’s not me— i’m not ashamed to tell you what i once was ,  since i’m so happy to have since converted .	1
what’s the matter ?	1
aside .	1
set you down this; and say besides, that in aleppo once, where a malignant and a turban'd turk beat a venetian and traduced the state, i took by the throat the circumcised dog and smote him, thus.	1
why, he drinks you with facility your dane dead drunk; he sweats not to overthrow your almain; he gives your hollander a vomit ere the next pottle can be filled.	1
then comes she to me and with wild looks bid me devise some mean to rid her from this second marriage, or in my cell there would she kill herself.	1
in what, my dear lord?	1
here is the man .	1
no, sir.	1
who talks of my nation ?	1
remember it ,  my lord !	1
how know you he loves her ?	1
i am young, but something you may deserve of him through me, and wisdom to offer up a weak, poor, innocent lamb to appease an angry god.	1
it waves me still.	1
o antony ,  thou mine of bounty ,  how wouldst thou have paid my better service ,  when my turpitude thou dost so crown with gold !	1
o me !	1
where is your leather apron and your ruler ?	1
well then ,  your uncle and the prince and claudio have been deceived .	1
death and damnation !	1
alas, alas!	1
ah keeper ,  keeper ,  i have done those things ,  that now give evidence against my soul ,  for edward’s sake ,  and see how he requites me . — o god ,  if my deep prayers cannot appease thee ,  but thou wilt be avenged on my misdeeds ,  yet execute thy wrath in me alone !	1
why, how now, hecate?	1
fear nothing .	1
come ,  get ready .	1
to the tuition of god .	1
the king mine uncle is to blame for it .	1
where is he gone ?	1
then ,  you conclude ,  my grandam ,  he is dead .	1
and i’ll call your husband here.	1
and cassio killed !	1
truly ,  an obedient lady .	1
ay ,  marry ,  sir ,  now it begins to work .	1
fetch us in fuel, and be quick, thou'rt best, to answer other business.—shrug'st thou, malice?	1
let me see: who chooseth me ,  shall gain what many men desire .	1
it seems it is as proper for our age to cast beyond ourselves in our opinions as it is common for the younger sort to lack discretion.	1
and i am brutus ,  marcus brutus ,  i; brutus ,  my country's friend; know me for brutus !	1
thou wast never with me for anything when thou wast not there for the goose.	1
for which, as i told you, antonio shall be obligated.	1
lord ,  how you’ve changed !	1
that you have wrong'd me doth appear in this: you have condemn'd and noted lucius pella for taking bribes here of the sardians, wherein my letters, praying on his side, because i knew the man, were slighted off.	1
oh ,  you wicked scoundrel !	1
as i said before ,  antonio will guarantee the loan .	1
oh !	1
here's some poison wine still left .	1
is rosaline, who you did love so dearly, so soon forsaken?	1
i’m afraid the people are going to choose caesar for their king.	1
so much for him.	1
buzz ,  buzz !	1
i' faith ,  sir ,  you shall never need to fear .	1
and tell her ,  listen to me ,  on wednesday—wait—what day is today ?	1
by heaven, i rather would have been his hangman.	1
whoa ,  man ,  you dare to support someone who’s been proclaimed a traitor ?	1
i am nothing but a poor ,  used fool .	1
where have i been ?	1
one stroke shall free thee from the tribute which thou payest .	1
and you’re covered in blood ?	1
couldn’t this make you know that the hate i have for you made me leave you like that ?	1
all the conspirators, save only he, did that they did in envy of great caesar; he only, in a general honest thought and common good to all, made one of them.	1
come hither ,  catesby .	1
an i might live to see thee married once ,  i have my wish .	1
here is the place ,  my lord .	1
some god direct my judgment !	1
a skull, whose empty eye has a written scroll in it!	1
o serpent heart ,  hidden by a handsome face !	1
how am i, then, a villain to advise cassio to this parallel course, directly to his good?	1
what, in our house?	1
the poor soul sat sighing by a sycamore tree, sing all a green willow; her hand on her bosom, her head on her knee, sing willow, willow, willow.	1
how ?	1
ophelia, walk you here.	1
who gave you the directions to this place?	1
i’m indeed, sir, a surgeon to old shoes; when they’re in great danger, i re-cover them.	1
you can’t trust them .	1
i’d rather have my horse than a mistress .	1
nothing .	1
you see how kind everyone is to us ,  how they just hand us gold .	1
those who were bitter enemies of your father in his time have turned their bitterness to sweetness ,  serving you loyally and wholeheartedly .	1
give me your hand.	1
can you blame her then ,  being a maid yet rosed over with the virgin crimson of modesty ,  if she deny the appearance of a naked blind boy in her naked seeing self ?	1
he’s as	1
you'll be the man!	1
farewell !	1
so can i .	1
as i !	1
both myself and many other friend but he, advisor to his own affections, keeps it all to himself – i will not say how true but to himself, so secret and so close, so far from sounding and discovery, just like a flower bud bit by a worm jealous of its beauty before her can bloom and spread his sweet leaves to the air, or dedicate his beauty to the sun.	1
i would not be delay'd .	1
what's the matter?	1
lord, how it looks about!	1
nor doth this wood lack worlds of company ,  for you in my respect are all the world .	1
a spirit ?	1
good macbeth ,  we’re ready when you are .	1
so .	1
what ?	1
before the time be out ?	1
and from her womb children of divers kind we sucking on her natural bosom find ,  many for many virtues excellent ,  none but for some and yet all different .	1
nothing ?	1
right away, good nurse!	1
get out of here ,  before his bad luck infects you too .	1
farewell !	1
o thou ,  whose captain i account myself ,  look on my forces with a gracious eye .	1
i'll send to one in mantua ,  where that same banish'd runagate doth live ,  shall give him such an unaccustom'd dram that he shall soon keep tybalt company; and then i hope thou wilt be satisfied .	1
our present business is to general woe .	1
let her hang me .	1
alas, the day!	1
it’s a most holy and religious fear to keep those many, many bodies safe that depend upon your majesty.	1
there ,  diomed ,  there .	1
not for the wide world .	1
let’s go ,  we’ll obey you .	1
be not too tame neither ,  but let your own discretion be your tutor .	1
curse my heart ,  but i pity the man .	1
you are to blame, my lord, to rate her so.	1
madam !	1
where is she ?	1
cleopatra— do you think there ever was ,  or could there ever be ,  a man such as the one i dreamed about ?	1
now are we well prepared to know the pleasure of our fair cousin dauphin ,  for we hear your greeting is from him ,  not from the king .	1
sir, it’s your brother, cassius, at the door, who wants to see you.	1
i throw my warlike shield before my body.	1
the heads of the maids ?	1
no; they were well at peace when i did leave ’em.	1
let him be caesar .	1
i will be brief ,  for my short date of breath is not so long as is a tedious tale .	1
who brought them ?	1
you purple flower ,  hit by cupid’s arrow ,  sink into the pupils of this man’s eyes .	1
where’s the queen ?	1
at your kind’st leisure .	1
was that the prologue or the inscription on some wedding ring ?	1
i’m glad to hear it; because now i shall have reason to show the love and duty that i bear you with a more open spirit.	1
she’s phoebe - ing me .	1
wilt thou not ,  jule ?  ”  it stinted and said  “ ay .  ”  and stint thou too ,  i pray thee ,  nurse ,  say i .	1
where's this girl ?	1
i can tell you; but young romeo will be older when you have found him than he was when you sought him .	1
may a plague strike both your families !	1
i would whip such honest rogues .	1
and discourse fustian with one’s own shadow ?	1
hark ,  what noise is this ?	1
and like i am for no woman .	1
tell us when you wish to get married ,  and may god give you joy .	1
tell me ,  has this thing appeared again tonight ?	1
what do you think he wants ?	1
the devil speaks in him .	1
is he not light of brain ?	1
his horse is better than the neapolitan’s and he frowns more than the count palatine .	1
what’s here ?	1
do so ,  and let no man abide this deed but we the doers .	1
double, double, toil and trouble; fire burn and cauldron bubble.	1
help!	1
two of them are completely honorable ,  and if they have been tricked in this ,  we must blame john the bastard ,  who lives to create conflict .	1
they’re friends—ratcliffe and lovell .	1
ay ,  boy .	1
honest iago, looking dead with grieving, speak, who began this?	1
tis vile ,  unless it may be quaintly ordered ,  and better in my mind not undertook .	1
are you afraid to be the same man in reality as the one you wish to be?	1
kill men in the dark !	1
thou 'rt mad to say it .	1
music !	1
stand you directly in antonio's way, when he doth run his course.	1
the heavens forbid but that our loves and comforts should increase ,  even as our days do grow .	1
rogue ,  you’ve lived too long !	1
is this the work of an ambitious man ?	1
what’s wrong ?	1
casca ,  you’ll be the first to raise your hand .	1
macbeth doth come.	1
i commend my duty to your lordship .	1
evermore weeping for your cousin's death ?	1
who’s closest to him ?	1
i’ll court his favors.	1
where shall we dine ? —o me !	1
i’m at your service .	1
will you go to them ?	1
here comes baptista .	1
have you completely forgotten ?	1
i would my daughter were dead at my foot and the jewels in her ear !	1
unmerciful lady as you are ,  i’m none .	1
to thee a woman’s services are due .	1
come, how would you praise me?	1
she did deceive her father, marrying you; and when she seem'd to shake and fear your looks, she loved them most.	1
the sleeping and the dead are but as pictures .	1
o ,  give me leave .	1
have by some surgeon, shylock, on your charge, to stop his wounds, lest he do bleed to death.	1
were the same age .	1
i never did repent for doing good ,  nor shall not now; for in companions that do converse and waste the time together ,  whose souls do bear an equal yoke of love ,  there must be needs a like proportion of lineaments ,  of manners ,  and of spirit; which makes me think ,  that this antonio ,  being the bosom lover of my lord ,  must needs be like my lord .	1
you shall not go.	1
her name ,  that was as fresh as diana's face ,  is now as grimy and black as my own face .	1
alas the heavy day!	1
my evidence that you have wronged me is that you condemned and disgraced lucius pella for taking bribes here from the sardinians ,  and you ignored my letters ,  where i argued that he was innocent; i know the man .	1
i’ll go along .	1
you have dancing shoes ,  with nimble soles; i have a soul of lead that pins me to the ground .	1
they are all welcome .	1
faith, i can tell her age unto an hour.	1
caesar ,  i never stood on ceremonies ,  yet now they fright me .	1
caesar wouldn’t take the crown; it’s certain he wasn’t ambitious for that reason.	1
it was a sweet wedding ,  and we were doing so well on our return .	1
tell me ,  thou villain - slave ,  where are my children ?	1
lord ,  lord ,  she’ll be a happy woman .	1
i would i had your bond; for i perceive a weak bond holds you; i'll not trust your word.	1
you dance ,  you walk ,  and you whisper and nickname animals ,  and make your looseness your ignorance .	1
so much so ,  dear lords ,  if i am left behind ,  a moth of peace ,  and he goes to the war ,  the rites for which i love him i am deprived of ,  and i shall endure a sad interval caused by his dear absence .	1
sings] [sings] come unto these yellow sands, and than take hands; curtsied when you have and the kissed— the wild waves whist— foot it featly here and there, and, sweet sprites, bear the burden.	1
can’t you rest awhile ?	1
o ,  never shall sun that morrow see !	1
enter ,  sir ,  the castle .	1
or ill - beseeming beast in seeming both !	1
sweet lord ,  if your lordship were at leisure ,  i should impart a thing to you from his majesty .	1
philomel with melody, &amp;c. hence away; now all is well.	1
i don’t know what you mean ,  madam .	1
well then ,  god forgive me !	1
i guess you don’t want it .	1
infected be the air whereon they ride, and damn'd all those that trust them!	1
hand in hand with fairy grace will we sing and bless this place .	1
tis now the very witching time of night, when churchyards yawn, and hell itself breathes out contagion to this world.	1
within this hour, my man shall be with you, and bring you a rope ladder; which must be my way to the highest point of my joy in the secret night.	1
never to speak of this that you have seen .	1
nay ,  send in time !	1
swum ashore ,  man ,  like a duck .	1
what in your own part can you say to this?	1
perdition catch my soul ,  but i do love thee !	1
how will you live?	1
where's publius ?	1
she has already seen him with those sweet eyes.	1
are you acquainted with the difference that holds this present question in the court ?	1
she’s too beautiful and too wise to deserve heaven’s blessing by making me despair .	1
but notwithstanding ,  haste .	1
there’s more knocking .	1
there's warrant in that theft which steals itself when there's no mercy left.	1
but yet the pity of it ,  iago !	1
at a word ,  i am not .	1
ay ,  so i fear; the more is my unrest .	1
you both are rivals and love hermia; and now both rivals to mock helena.	1
you’re a mender ,  are you ?	1
and make him break his promise with fair aegle ,  not to mention with ariadne and antiopa ?	1
this caesar was a tyrant .	1
by heaven ,  i’ll make a ghost of him that holds me back !	1
portia, art thou gone?	1
early in the morning we’ll both rush to belmont .	1
look ,  sir ,  i bleed .	1
a man ,  young lady !	1
baptista is a noble gentleman ,  to whom my father is not all unknown ,  and were his daughter fairer than she is ,  she may more suitors have ,  and me for one .	1
goneril ,  are you coming with us ?	1
i would have you .	1
there’s something else to be done .	1
if you love me then, sneaker away from your father's house tomorrow night; and, in the forest, three miles outside town, where i met you once, with helena, to celebrate a may day morning party, i will wait for you there.	1
i must attend on caesar .	1
i'd believe as quickly that this whole earth may be bored ,  and that the moon may creep through the centre and so disrupt her brother's noontide with the other side of the world .	1
madam!	1
good hay ,  sweet hay ,  has no equal .	1
very well .	1
go thither, and with unattainted eye compare her face with some that i shall show, and i will make thee think thy swan a crow.	1
we will be witnesses .	1
it doesn’t matter; don’t let the statues be hung with caesar's trophies .	1
my lord ,  we were sent for .	1
if you wish .	1
i am the only daughter in my father’s family ,  and all the brothers too—but i’m not completely sure about that .	1
or rather ,  do what you feel like doing .	1
the noise they make will cause demetrius to awake.	1
believe me for mine honor ,  and have respect to mine honor ,  that you may believe .	1
look at you ,  thrashing about like a blind man .	1
by mary, i will.	1
we are the queen’s abjects and must obey . — brother ,  farewell .	1
i’ll keep my promise just as if you really were rosalind .	1
let me dispute with thee of thy estate .	1
now ,  most noble brutus ,  the gods today stand friendly that we may ,  lovers in peace ,  lead on our days to age .	1
on the ground !	1
caesar was a tyrant .	1
one of you, stand sentinel over there.	1
why ,  how now ,  stephano ?	1
sirs, stand you all without.	1
an your ladyship will have it as it ought to be ,  you must allow  prithee ,  read i' thy right wits .	1
though the truth of your treachery is as plain as black on white ,  i can scarcely believe it ,  it’s so past understanding .	1
they load caliban with the apparel] [they load caliban with the apparel] hey, mountain, hey!	1
but one fiend at a time ,  i’ll fight their legions o'er .	1
how may we try it further ?	1
i’m not angry that you’re my friend; as for what you’re persuading me to do, i have some plans.	1
silence !	1
but i cannot choose but weep ,  to think they would lay him in the cold ground .	1
all the perfumes of arabia will not sweeten this little hand.	1
this were kindness .	1
i thought the clouds were talking to me ,  the winds were singing to me ,  and the thunder ,  like an awful organ pipe ,  roared prospero’s name .	1
i still have room for six more wounds .	1
what might you think ?	1
who sent you this time ?	1
but now ,  my lord .	1
but of that tomorrow, when therewithal we shall have cause of state craving us jointly.	1
hail ,  king of scotland !	1
here's to my love !	1
a wretched soul ,  bruised with adversity we bid be quiet when we hear it cry ,  but were we burdened with like weight of pain ,  as much or more we should ourselves complain .	1
i heard him groan—yes ,  i did—and the same tongue that ordered the romans to obey him and transcribe his speeches in their books cried ,   “ give me some water ,  titinius ,  ”  like a sick girl .	1
there’s nothing wrong with that ,  but still be patient in all .	1
oh ,  spite of spites !	1
we’ll meet at the duke's oak .	1
oh god of battles ,  bolster my soldiers' courage .	1
it is indifferent cold ,  my lord ,  indeed .	1
in any case ,  do what you want .	1
did he cry ?	1
i won’t live long enough ,  and all my efforts will fail me .	1
and what art thou that dar’st appear thus to us ?	1
and subjects of the dane .	1
meet me in a little while at the citadel .	1
i hid myself under the dead dreamer’s covering because i was afraid of the storm .	1
o, treachery!	1
he weeps for what is done .	1
she’s not going to borrow money from them .	1
come ,  go we to the king .	1
if your majesties is remembered of it ,  the welshmen did good service in a garden where leeks did grow ,  wearing leeks in their monmouth caps ,  which ,  your majesty know ,  to this hour is an honorable badge of the service .	1
take your cues from my own despair .	1
i have night's cloak to hide me from their sight; and, if you love me, let them find me here.	1
get started ,  i beg you ,  on this speedy voyage ,  for we will control this fear ,  which now goes about too freely .	1
i will not .	1
go back with her ?	1
i’ll hide myself behind the curtain so i can hear what happens ,  i’ll guarantee she'll set him straight .	1
where’s thy drum ?	1
if it weren’t for the fact that so many of our soldiers revolted and joined them ,  we could have met them out in front of the castle ,  man to man ,  and beaten them back to england .	1
and he deserves it ,  having been excellent before he had a reputation for it .	1
so much for praising myself ,  who ,  i myself will bear witness ,  is praiseworthy .	1
he ran this way and jumped over this orchard wall .	1
tybalt ,  the kinsman to old capulet ,  hath sent a letter to his father’s house .	1
this shows that the corpse they follow did ,  with a desperate hand ,  commit suicide .	1
stand you both forth now: stroke your chins and swear by your beards that i am a knave .	1
don’t kneel ,  gentle portia .	1
the wildest animal isn’t as cruel as you are .	1
o, a pit of clay for to be made for such a guest is meet.	1
can heaven be so envious ?	1
but o ,  how oddly will it sound that i must ask my child forgiveness !	1
servant ,  what was your master doing in this place ?	1
he hath much land, and fertile.	1
i wish i were satisfied !	1
yes ,  i found him when he was asleep—so that’s taken care of too—and the athenian woman was sleeping near him .	1
we’ll feast each other ere we part ,  and let’s draw lots who shall begin .	1
who knows not where a wasp does wear his sting ?	1
o ,  i see that nose of yours ,  but not that dog i shall throw it to .	1
there i have another bad match ! —a bankrupt ,  a prodigal who dare scarce show his head on the rialto ,  a beggar that was used to come so smug upon the mart .	1
i have known her continue in this way for a quarter of an hour .	1
tis twenty years till then .	1
art thou not romeo ,  and a montague ?	1
approach the chamber ,  and destroy your sight with a new gorgon .	1
to have no man come over me !	1
there is so much that thou wilt kill me straight: kill brutus, and be honor'd in his death.	1
in the same hour ,  and in the same inn ,  a poor woman also delivered identical twin boys .	1
if you will patiently dance in our round ,  and see our moonlight revels ,  go with us; if not ,  shun me ,  and i will spare your haunts .	1
to pay five ducats ,  five ,  i would not farm it; nor will it yield to norway or the pole a ranker rate ,  should it be sold in fee .	1
may good fortune come to you ,  good petruchio !	1
do you know fluellen ?	1
i prithee ,  foolish greek ,  depart from me .	1
why did you laugh then, when i said, “man doesn’t delight me”?	1
an it had not fallen flat - long .	1
tongue ,  do not speak .	1
now ,  iras ,  what do you think ?	1
my charms i'll break, their senses i'll restore, and they shall be themselves.	1
i am not so reputed !	1
shall they see us ?	1
how are you ,  my royal lord ?	1
if there be any in this assembly ,  any dear friend of caesar’s ,  to him i say that brutus' love to caesar was no less than his .	1
niggard of question, but of our demands most free in his reply.	1
a man no mightier than thyself or me in personal action ,  yet prodigious grown ,  and fearful as these strange eruptions are .	1
all the rest of you can leave too .	1
i will say it for you .	1
why, what did i do?	1
tis torture, and not mercy.	1
i see the jewel best enamelèd will lose his beauty .	1
you hear the suit .	1
didn’t great julius bleed for justice's sake ?	1
i would entreat you rather to put on your boldest suit of mirth ,  for we have friends that purpose merriment .	1
i pray you ,  tell my lord and father ,  madam ,  i will not marry yet .	1
or ,  if you will ,  come home to me ,  and i will wait for you .	1
aside] their understanding [aside] their understanding begins to swell ,  and the approaching tide will shortly fill the reasonable shore that now lie foul and muddy .	1
o happy dagger!	1
what is thy soul of adoration ?	1
think about the ones who have died .	1
i was talking to a petitioner here just now ,  someone who’s suffering from your anger .	1
oh ,  villainy ,  villainy !	1
so i say ,  he has put up with all things well ,  and i think that ,  if he had duncan's sons in his prison ,  as ,  if it please heaven ,  he shall not ,  they should find what it meant to kill a father .	1
heaven forgive you for it!	1
does caesar come to the capitol tomorrow ?	1
high'st queen of state ,  great juno ,  comes; i know her by her gait .	1
to hell with this idiot !	1
you have trained me like a peasant ,  obscuring and hiding from me all gentlemanlike qualities .	1
he is justly served .	1
and still do ,  i swear by my hands .	1
yes ,  i am .	1
greater than both, by the all-hail hereafter!	1
like hell she was!	1
dromio ,  what stuff of mine hast thou embarked ?	1
that handkerchief thou speak’st of i found by fortune and did give my husband .	1
assume ,  as it were ,  that you have only heard about him ,  such as ,   “ i know his father and his friends ,  and in part him ”  ,  are you listening to me ,  reynaldo ?	1
to trinculo] how didst thou ’scape ?	1
she hath ,  and in that sparing makes huge waste; for beauty ,  starv'd with her severity ,  cuts beauty off from all posterity .	1
jesus ,  let’s kill him !	1
that’s a fault .	1
if we do meet again, why, we’ll smile; if not, why, then this parting was the right thing to do.	1
bloody, bawdy villain!	1
never fear that .	1
most heartily i do beseech the court to give the judgment .	1
my lord ,  i do not know that i did cry .	1
he is address'd; press near and second him.	1
to adrian] how lush and how green !	1
rather than see that happen ,  come ,  fate ,  into the arena ,  and fight for me to the death !	1
but please, can you read anything you see?	1
is it a custom ?	1
and what do you know ,  boy ?	1
what is the matter ,  masters ? — honest iago ,  that looks dead with grieving ,  speak ,  who began this ?	1
you cannot ,  if my heart were in your hand ,  nor shall not ,  whilst ’tis in my custody .	1
i am your own forever.	1
hell and night must bring this monstrous birth to the world's light .	1
i’m critical by nature .	1
if he has my father’s love ,  then that’s enough honor for me .	1
you teach me how i should act .	1
ay ,  casca ,  tell us what hath chanced today ,  that caesar looks so sad .	1
eyes ,  do you see ?	1
dead .	1
she cannot endure to hear tell of a husband .	1
teach me ,  dear creature ,  how to think and speak .	1
is there no respect of place ,  persons ,  nor time in you ?	1
my language !	1
what do you think about that?	1
my lord ,  you once did love me .	1
cassio did top her; ask thy husband else.	1
madam ,  i have a touch of your condition ,  which cannot brook the accent of reproof .	1
well ,  we’ll stop ,  then .	1
that villain cousin would have killed my husband .	1
or of a courtier, which could say 'good morrow, sweet lord!	1
that’s him ,  that villain romeo .	1
this is mr .  antonio .	1
he can’t go in there because of the candle .	1
believe me ,  king of shadows ,  i mistook .	1
let me lick your shoe.	1
you are welcome for his sake .	1
no ,  kate ?	1
no, alas, i found it, and i did give't my husband.	1
sings] [sings] come unto these yellow sands ,  and than take hands; curtsied when you have and the kissed— the wild waves whist— foot it featly here and there ,  and ,  sweet sprites ,  bear the burden .	1
thou shalt get kings ,  though thou be none .	1
how well my comfort is revived by this !	1
this is a most majestic vision ,  and harmonious charmingly .	1
and therefore, as a stranger, welcome it.	1
we’ll speak with thee at sea .	1
with cassio ,  mistress .	1
and where the worser is predominant ,  full soon the canker death eats up that plant .	1
i beg you, sit still.	1
it is my wretched fortune.	1
i am to blame .	1
is that how it is ,  really ?	1
but he’s got to build churches for that to happen ,  my lady ,  or else he’ll have to put up with being forgotten ,  like the hobby - horse in the popular song that goes ,   “ heigh - ho ,  heigh - ho ,  the hobby - horse is forgotten .  ”    what does this mean ,  my lord ?	1
yes ,  i truly think he did great good .	1
be happy .	1
stay here for a bit; you shall not go back until i have carried this corpse into the market place .	1
jailer ,  i’m your prisoner .	1
no ,  i am a welshman .	1
peace ,  you were best .	1
i sense you’re treating me like a child .	1
whenever you want ,  since you’re the one who wants it .	1
let it come down.	1
knock ,  knock ,  knock !	1
why shouldn’t i pursue hermia?	1
it’s true !	1
i am sorry that i am deceived in him.	1
the foul practice hath turned itself on me .	1
no jutty ,  frieze ,  buttress ,  nor coign of vantage ,  but this bird hath made his pendant bed and procreant cradle; where they most breed and haunt ,  i have observed the air is delicate .	1
have not you love enough to bear with me ,  when that rash humor which my mother gave me makes me forgetful ?	1
he hath an uncle here in messina will be very much glad of it .	1
some good man bear him carefully from hence; i'll fetch the general's surgeon.	1
all is confirm'd, my lord, which was reported.	1
forever and forever farewell ,  cassius .	1
o good horatio ,  i’ll take the ghost's word for as real as a thousand dollars !	1
in parthia did i take thee prisoner ,  and then i swore thee ,  saving of thy life ,  that whatsoever i did bid thee do ,  thou shouldst attempt it .	1
never believe it .	1
what say you ,  hermia ?	1
trinculo ,  watch out .	1
you stupid fool !	1
say you so ?	1
have you forgotten her ?	1
speak, hands, for me!	1
your son will have my consent to marry my daughter .	1
it is no matter; let no images be hung with caesar's trophies.	1
run to your houses, fall upon your knees, pray to the gods to intermit the plague that needs must light on this ingratitude.	1
filthy hags!	1
he does smile his face into more lines than is in the new map with the augmentation of the indies .	1
isn’t it past two o'clock ?	1
i think i can guess what you’re about to say .	1
that’s certain .	1
in which regard ,	1
i wish he were fatter !	1
yes; here i brought it for him into the court; yes, twice the sum; if that is not enough, i’ll swear to pay it ten times over on penalty of the loss of my hands, my head, my heart; if this is not enough, it must seem that evil wins over truth.	1
know’st thou gower ?	1
my dear ,  let’s go inside and wait for them to arrive .	1
kent ,  on thy life ,  no more .	1
yes, it already has garrisons.	1
what’s the name of this forest behind us ?	1
the question of his death is recorded on rolls in the capitol, his glory not made thin, where he was worthy; nor are his offenses recorded, for which he suffered death.	1
take it in what sense thou wilt .	1
if we were in front of our armies ,  about to fight ,  i would do this .	1
what is that bloody knife ?	1
is this true ?	1
thieves!	1
i’ll make her come right away ,  i promise you .	1
she shows a body rather than a life ,  a statue than a breather .	1
i would thou hadst told me of another father .	1
stand still .	1
i told him to come back and talk to me in a bit ,  and he promised he would .	1
news ,  friends !	1
assemble our squadrons on the other side of the hill ,  in sight of caesar’s navy .	1
messenger after messenger delivered news of your bravery to the king with praise for how you defended his country .	1
punishment!	1
well ,  let him go .	1
once he’s carried our treasure where we want it ,  we’ll free him of the load and turn him loose like a jackass ,  to shake his ears and graze in the public pastures .	1
what a horrible day !	1
the wolves have preyed ,  and look ,  the gentle day ,  before the wheels of phoebus ,  round about dapples the drowsy east with spots of grey .	1
my breath, cooling my soup, would make me ill, when i thought about the damage a mighty wind might do at sea.	1
he’s trembling in his fit !	1
o inhuman dog !	1
we’ll whisper o'er a couplet or two of most sage saws .	1
this  “ nothing ”  is more than just a story .	1
soft ,  no haste .	1
her father loved me ,  oft invited me ,  still question'd me the story of my life from year to year ,  the battles ,  sieges ,  fortunes ,  that i have pass'd .	1
need you my help ?	1
so may it be indeed .	1
i beg you ,  go with me .	1
no .	1
then it is he; the rest that are nobles are already in the court.	1
but why should honor outlive honesty?	1
we coursed him at the heels and had a purpose to be his purveyor; but he rides well, and his great love, sharp as his spur, hath holp him to his home before us.	1
here comes the lady; let her verify it.	1
come hither ,  leonato .	1
it is too hard a knot for me to untie !	1
we already knew that .	1
please don’t make fun of me .	1
so tell me ,  grumio ,  how goes the world ?	1
he comes on a wish .	1
by this light, thou shalt be my lieutenant, monster, or my standard.	1
o ,  damn her !	1
yes ,  madam ,  he lies beyond my reach .	1
we are ruined ,  lady ,  we are ruined !	1
how long hath he been there?	1
your wives ,  your daughters ,  your matrons ,  and your maids ,  could not fill up the cistern of my lust ,  and my desire would overcome all international factions that did oppose my will .	1
let’s hear what antony can say .	1
the other motive ,  why i couldn’t go to a public court ,  is the great love the people of this country have for him ,  who ,  dipping all his faults in their affection ,  would ,  like the spring that turn wood to stone ,  convert his crimes to graces ,  so that my actions ,  not at all popular with the masses ,  would have reflected badly on me ,  and not be taken as i intended them .	1
here is a letter, lady; the paper as the body of my friend, and every word in it a gaping wound, issuing life-blood.	1
tell her that i’ve been arrested and the money will be my bail .	1
good grandam ,  tell us ,  is our father dead ?	1
i will be satisfied or shamed .	1
give me your hand .	1
you must have patience ,  madam .	1
to him, father.	1
why ,  is not this better now than groaning for love ?	1
i have a reasonable good musical ear; let’s sing and dance.	1
did old bellario send you here ?	1
he ran this way ,  and leapt this orchard wall .	1
hail ,  king !	1
lighter and lighter, darker and darker our sorrows!	1
the king sent us to give you his thanks and to bring you to him .	1
excuse me ,  my lord ?	1
she will indite him to some supper .	1
hi ,  fair helena !	1
a fig for a mask !	1
with duty and desire we follow you.	1
shall i be plain ?	1
iago beckons me; now he begins the story .	1
my money is almost spent ,  i have been tonight exceedingly well cudgeled ,  and i think the issue will be i shall have so much experience for my pains .	1
call help.	1
no disgrace shall fall you for refusing him at sea ,  being prepared for land .	1
and wished to see thee cross - gartered .  ”  cross - gartered ?	1
what do you mean by that ?	1
leave her to heaven and to those thorns that in her bosom lodge to prick and sting her .	1
come ,  ask me to do anything for you .	1
is your name goneril ?	1
of so high and plenteous wit and invention !	1
come on .	1
give mine the benefit of seigniory ,  and let my griefs frown on the upper hand .	1
aside] it goes just the way ,  i see ,  that my soul wants it . —spirit ,  fine spirit !	1
what, is brutus sick, and will he steal out of his wholesome bed to challenge the evil diseases of the night, and tempt the thick and unclean air to add to his sickness?	1
therefore this project should have a back or second ,  that might hold if this did blast in proof .	1
thy lips are warm !	1
how do you understand the scripture?	1
the fiend is at mine elbow ,  and tempts me; saying to me , —gobbo ,  launcelot gobbo ,  good launcelot ,  or good gobbo ,  or good launcelot gobbo ,  use your legs ,  take the start ,  run away . —my conscience says ,  no; take heed ,  honest launcelot; take heed ,  honest gobbo; or ,  (as aforesaid) honest launcelot gobbo; do not run: scorn running with thy heels: well ,  the most courageous fiend bids me pack; via !	1
now is the time when we need your help .	1
a pestilent gall to me !	1
and let my liver rather heat with wine than my heart cool with mortifying groans .	1
but, alas, caesar must bleed for it!	1
you’re just playing around .	1
get out, low-life!	1
your sum of parts did not together pluck such envy from him as did that one; and that, in my regard, of the unworthiest siege.	1
those charms ,  your eyes ,  are erased from my heart; your bed ,  lust - stained ,  shall be spotted with lust's blood .	1
for god’s sake ,  let me hear it .	1
appear thou in the likeness of a sigh !	1
this is an asp’s trail ,  and these fig leaves have slime on them ,  just like the kind that asps deposit on the caves by the nile .	1
why have you left the chamber ?	1
i will have nothing else but only this; and now, methinks, i have a mind to it.	1
if thou beest not immortal, look about you.	1
is it possible fulvia is dead ?	1
prithee, see there!	1
oh heaven ,  oh earth ,  witness what i’m about to say ,  and reward me if i tell the truth !	1
so ,  goodbye for now .	1
you can see how it is all around .	1
i have seen her die twenty times upon far poorer moment .	1
you that choose not by the view, chance as fair, and choose as true!	1
cassio ,  how did you get my wife’s handkerchief ?	1
and the hour ,  i think ,  is come to give him hearing .	1
how is it else the man i' the moon ?	1
let’s ha ’t ,  good soldier .	1
what else did you hear ?	1
i pray you ,  let me look upon the bond .	1
i say, it is not lost.	1
no, good my lord, this courtesy is not the right answer.	1
so why aren’t our eyelids heavy ?	1
i’m in a good mood now and likely to give you what you want .	1
why, what an ass am i!	1
give me thy arm .	1
in faith, he's very sorry; and yet his crime, in our common reason, except that, they say, the wars must make examples out of their best, is not almost a fault to incur a private punishment.	1
wake duncan with thy knocking .	1
whip me such honest knaves.	1
in happy time ,  iago .	1
tomorrow ,  and tomorrow ,  and tomorrow .	1
away !	1
i heard him swear his affection .	1
macbeth !	1
this ,  cinna .	1
unless i am mistaken ,  signior baptista may remember me from the pegasus in genoa ,  where we both stayed twenty years ago .	1
a good wench; give it to me.	1
no ,  you have to swear it .	1
i'll not expostulate with her ,  lest her body and beauty unprovide my mind again .	1
i can’t believe it .	1
deny me this ,  and an eternal curse fall on you !	1
we cannot get from him where the dead body is hidden, my lord.	1
o treason of the blood !	1
here's our chief guest .	1
there ,  my music playing far off ,  i will betray tawny - finned fishes .	1
o woeful day!	1
ah ha ,  my mistresses !	1
look ,  here i have macbeth’s cursed head .	1
forever and forever goodbye ,  brutus !	1
good fool ,  help me to some light and some paper .	1
as you are old and reverend ,  should be wise .	1
are you going riding this afternoon ?	1
no ,  it is .	1
i know this is a joyful trouble to you ,  but yet ’tis one .	1
all three of them are crazy with despair .	1
they are ,  my lord .	1
i have such an exploit in hand ,  ligarius ,  that you would hear if you weren’t sick .	1
the evil that men do lives after them; the good is oft interrèd with their bones .	1
this is some monster of the isle with four legs ,  who hath got ,  as i tak it ,  an ague .	1
who does it stand still for ?	1
within this hour it will be dinnertime .	1
this one to your majesty ,  this one to the queen .	1
if by direct or by collateral hand they find us touch'd ,  we will our kingdom give ,  our crown ,  our life ,  and all that we call ours ,  to you in satisfaction; but if not ,  be you content to lend your patience to us ,  and we shall jointly labour with your soul to give it due content .	1
come in and give some help.	1
run away ,  i pray you !	1
it droppeth as the gentle rain from heaven upon the place beneath .	1
vex not his prescience .	1
stop thinking about it, because nature, the moon, does not grow alone in strength and size, but as this temple grows, the inward duty of the mind and soul grows wide along with the rest.	1
your daughter here the princes left for dead .	1
welcome ,  destruction ,  blood ,  and massacre !	1
what would you ,  desdemona ?	1
to vouch this, is no proof, without more certain and more overt test than these thin habits and poor likelihoods of modern seeming do prefer against him.	1
where am i ?	1
not a mouse stirring .	1
then he offered it to him again ,  then he put it by again—but ,  to my thinking ,  he was very loath to lay his fingers off it .	1
if there’s any good deed i can do that will bring you peace and me honor ,  speak to me .	1
my lord ?	1
who comes with him ?	1
it would be good she were spoken with ,  because she may scatter dangerous ideas in rude minds .	1
it is a massive wheel ,  set at the top of the highest mountain ,  in which its huge spokes ,  ten thousand little things are firmly glued together ,  that ,  when the wheel falls ,  each small piece ,  insignificant event ,  adds to the noisy ruin of the country .	1
you have dancing shoes, with nimble soles; i have a soul of lead that pins me to the ground.	1
speak now .	1
what will you do ?	1
she now shall be my sister ,  not my wife .	1
fire and brimstone !	1
thanks for your pains .	1
they’re lying over there ,  and the poor old man ,  their father ,  weeps so piteously over them that the whole audience has joined him in grieving .	1
i’ll kill myself to save myself from slavery .	1
he’s nearby ,  and pindarus has come to salute you on behalf of his master .	1
and when you saw his chariot but appear ,  have you not made an universal shout ,  that tiber trembled underneath her banks to hear the replication of your sounds made in her concave shores ?	1
i’m not bringing any declarations of war or demands for cash .	1
sin from my lips ?	1
o ,  but she'll keep her word .	1
what ,  you mean my face ?	1
send thy man away .	1
i have a faint cold fear thrills through my veins that almost freezes up the heat of life.	1
why, get going.	1
go in ,  and don’t cry .	1
the duke of york commends him to your majesty .	1
if i told them about this back in naples ,  would they believe me ?	1
which one of them did it ?	1
long live the king!	1
o setebos ,  these be brave spirits indeed !	1
has there ever been any age since noah and the flood that was not famous because of more than one man ?	1
i have no doubt about that ,  since i know there isn’t a man among us who isn’t with me wholeheartedly ,  or a soul left behind who doesn’t wish us success and conquest .	1
the duke does greet you ,  general ,  and he requires your haste - post - haste appearance ,  even on the instant .	1
now what we have done so far is this.	1
and when will you see him again ?	1
what dangers would you lead me into, cassius, that you want me to search for something that i don’t have in myself?	1
no doubt ,  my lord .	1
go apart ,  adam ,  and thou shalt hear how he will shake me up .	1
what is the matter ?	1
oh !	1
how every fool can play on the word !	1
i thank you sir, you have gotten me one.	1
i took him to be killed with lightning .	1
a surgeon !	1
the excuse that thou dost make in this delay is longer than the tale thou dost excuse .	1
death, that hath ta'en her hence to make me wail, ties up my tongue and will not let me speak.	1
but who is this person ,  sir ?	1
yon light is not daylight; i know it ,  i .	1
frailty, thy name is woman— a little month, or ere those shoes were old with which she follow'd my poor father's body like niobe, all tears—why she, even she— o god!	1
and can you by no drift of conference get from him why he puts on this confusion, grating so harshly all his days of quiet with turbulent and dangerous lunacy?	1
she's dead ,  deceas'd; she's dead !	1
ay, and wall too.	1
swear you won’t .	1
your sister's drown'd ,  laertes .	1
my lady's dead !	1
there’s some gentleman out there . — good sir toby !	1
and in return for this gift ,  he wishes you to drop your claim to the dukedoms .	1
adieu .	1
what do you mean by that?	1
the other one didn’t.	1
but there’s a saying very old and true:  “ if that you will france win ,  then with scotland first begin .  ”  for once the eagle england being in prey ,  to her unguarded nest the weasel scot comes sneaking and so sucks her princely eggs ,  playing the mouse in absence of the cat ,  to ’tame and havoc more than she can eat .	1
not life, but love in death!	1
tell me your secrets, i won’t reveal them.	1
twould anger him to raise a spirit in his mistress’ circle of some strange nature ,  letting it there stand till she had laid it and conjur'd it down .	1
your case is better .	1
i am the son of marcus cato !	1
ah ,  good old kent said this would happen—that poor ,  banished man .	1
i shall be saved by my husband; he has made me a christian .	1
yea,’ quoth my husband, ‘fall'st upon thy face?	1
and maidens call it  “ love - in - idleness .  ”  fetch me that flower .	1
he’s pretty awful in the morning when he’s sobering up ,  and even worse in the afternoon when he’s drunk .	1
i pray you, though you mock me, gentlemen, let her not hurt me.	1
draw your sword and get on your toes ,  because your assailant is quick ,  skillful ,  and deadly .	1
halt !	1
who’s shouting ?	1
if you did it, you are without equal.	1
the king of england’s approach is as forceful as a whirlpool .	1
oh ho ,  oh ho !	1
good night.	1
it is the devil .	1
he shall have merely justice and his bond .	1
ay ,  if a woman live to be a man .	1
oh ,  right ,  good catesby .	1
i have already slept ,  my lord .	1
i do not think ’t .	1
sword and dagger.	1
i’m a poor man who’s been humbled by many misfortunes .	1
if our eyes had authority ,  here they might take two thieves kissing .	1
good heaven ,  the souls of all my tribe defend from jealousy !	1
i do not know; i am sure i am none such.	1
her father’s brother would be her lord ?	1
come ,  sir ,  away .	1
good ,  yet remember whom thou has aboard .	1
i'll teach you how to flow .	1
don’t forget.	1
i should venture purgatory for ’t .	1
where is he ?	1
what a strange drowsiness possesses them !	1
antony only ,  that would make his will lord of his reason .	1
madam ,  it is ,  as long as you are pleased with the rest of it .	1
or if thou hast not sat as i do now ,  wearying thy hearer in thy mistress’s praise ,  thou hast not loved .	1
messala ,  this is my birthday; cassius was born on this very day .	1
what sayst thou ?	1
no ,  definitely not !	1
romeo can, though heaven cannot.	1
you and i have heard our fathers talk of another brutus—your ancestor—who would’ve let the devil himself reign in his roman republic before he let a king rule .	1
i say it is the moon that shines so bright .	1
thus do they ,  sir: they take the flow o’ th’ nile by certain scales i’ th’ pyramid .	1
i have sent after him .	1
come ,  hang them on this line .	1
therefore he that cannot lick his fingers goes not with me .	1
my sons edward and clarence !	1
i was killed i' th' capitol .	1
didn’t you see her play with the palm of his hand?	1
it is indifferent cold, my lord, indeed.	1
and may .	1
sweet gertrude ,  leave us too; for we have closely sent for hamlet hither ,  that he ,  as 'twere by accident ,  may here affront ophelia .	1
yea ,  noise ?	1
scarcity and want shall shun you, ceres’ blessing so is on you.	1
let us score their backs and snatch ’em up ,  as we take hares ,  behind !	1
you nymphs, called water nymphs, of the winding brooks, with your oat-edged crowns and always harmless looks, leave your fresh waters, and answer your summons to this green land: juno commands you.	1
what a man are you ?	1
beware of entrance to a quarrel; but being in, bear't that the opposed may beware of thee.	1
that claims marriage of me ,  i could find in my heart to stay here still ,  and turn witch .	1
it’s my duty to be quiet .	1
oh ,  how he loves caesar !	1
i hate the moor; and it is widely thought that he has done my job between my sheets.	1
what is thy name ?	1
captain macmorris ,  i beg your pardon ,  but would you grant me a discussion or two with you ,  see ,  partly touching on or concerning the practice of war ,  the roman wars ,  for the sake of argument ,  see ,  and friendly conversation ?	1
where is your servant caius ?	1
hold thy desperate hand .	1
i only want idiots following my advice ,  the advice of a fool .	1
for your broken shin .	1
yes ,  but the mustard is probably too hot .	1
they tell me he died well ,  and settled his scores .	1
the devil take thy soul!	1
what does lord stanley say ?	1
i hope you’re an expert in your field .	1
and so farewell .	1
he ,  for his father’s sake ,  so loves the prince that he will not be won to aught against him .	1
i think the sun where he was born drew all such humors from him.	1
fool !	1
three parts of him are ours already, and, at our next meeting, the whole man will be ours.	1
this ,  this all - souls' day ,  is my just desserts .	1
is't so, indeed?	1
heaven and earth!	1
i pray you go with me.	1
all's well now ,  sweetheart; come away to bed .	1
i loved you not .	1
and is it physical to walk unbracèd and suck up the humors of the dank morning ?	1
you ,  to remove that siege of grief from her ,  betroth'd and would have married her perforce to county paris .	1
tis not needed yet.	1
how shalt thou hope for mercy, rendering none?	1
no, i am the very small spot of courtesy.	1
and now that i have the boy ,  i’ll undo the spell that makes her vision so disgustingly wrong .	1
be calm !	1
that cannot be: his ring i do accept most thankfully, and so, i pray you, tell him: furthermore, i pray you, show my youth old shylock's house.	1
light a candle in my study ,  lucius .	1
give me a candle!	1
i'll make thee an example .	1
the gods are just ,  and of our pleasant vices make instruments to plague us .	1
they are coming to the play.	1
carthage ?	1
twill not be seen in him there .	1
if i may say so ,  your majesty ,  your famous grandfather and your great - uncle edward ,  the black prince of wales—or so i’ve read in the history books—fought a very brave battle here in france .	1
what can he say in this ?	1
thy voice is thunder ,  but thy looks are humble .	1
no, he has simply the best wit of any working man in athens.	1
there is no life ,  but my love is dead !	1
if you have tears ,  prepare to shed them now .	1
pay him six thousand ,  and deface the bond; double six thousand ,  and then treble that ,  before a friend of this description shall lose a hair through bassanio's fault .	1
let them guard the door.	1
quickly, quickly; fear nothing; i'll be at your elbow.	1
moor ,  she was chaste; she loved thee ,  cruel moor; so come my soul to bliss ,  as i speak true; so speaking as i think ,  i die ,  i die .	1
who’s blocking the way ?	1
i hid me under the dead moon - calf's gaberdine for fear of the storm .	1
look up moonshine ,  look up moonshine !	1
no, my brutus; you’ve got some sick worry on your mind, which, by the right and virtue of my place, i ought to know of, and, on my knees, i order you, by my once commended beauty, by all your vows of love, and that marriage vow which joined us and made us one, that you tell me, yourself, your half of me, why you’re so depressed, and what men have come to you tonight, because there have been some six or seven here, who hid their faces even from darkness.	1
ah, poor my lord, what tongue shall clear your name, when i, your wife for three hours, have mangled it?	1
and then i’ll be the leader of pain ,  and maybe i’ll lead you as far as death .	1
ride ,  ride ,  messala ,  ride ,  and give these dispatches to our forces on the other side .	1
don’t you have any mouth on land ?	1
so the pale ,  angry moon ,  who controls the tides ,  fills the air with diseases .	1
i give him curses ,  yet he gives me love .	1
here, lord bassanio; swear to keep this ring.	1
why, man?	1
paddock calls.	1
yet, countrymen, o, still hold up your heads!	1
go charge agrippa plant those that have revolted in the vant ,  that antony may seem to spend his fury upon himself .	1
come here ,  leonato .	1
yet put it out ,  for i would not be seen .	1
we owe you love and service forever .	1
that did i, my lord, and was accounted a good actor.	1
two things are to be done: my wife must move for cassio to her mistress .	1
so be it!	1
look where it comes again!	1
listen, listen, o, listen!	1
he’s going to look like a total idiot .	1
then no man has ever been honest .	1
but that a joy past joy calls out on me ,  it were a grief so brief to part with thee .	1
is the king dead ,  the empire dispossessed ?	1
i have strange things in my head that need to be figured out ,  which must be done quickly before others look at them closely .	1
get thee to a nunnery!	1
you gave us a good false impression last night .	1
that is the voice ,  or i am much deceived ,  of portia .	1
no .	1
what ,  you dare put your hands on me ,  villain ?	1
is it sport?	1
but what of cicero?	1
o ,  if i thought that ,  i’d beat him like a dog !	1
let him take thee and hoist thee up to the shouting plebeians !	1
oh ,  i wish i could know what will happen today before it happens !	1
he lies to the heart.	1
what do you say ?	1
hang her !	1
what !	1
live ,  and from now on ,  say a madman mercifully told you to run away .	1
hold off burying her until i’ve caught her in my arms once more .	1
not even a hair died; not a spot on their clothing, but fresher than they were before, and, as you ordered me, i have dispersed them in groups around the island.	1
as far as i can see ,  it burns in the capulet’s tomb .	1
until then ,  goodbye ,  and keep this holy kiss .	1
silence awhile . —robin ,  take off this head . — titania ,  music call ,  and strike more dead than common sleep of all these five the sense .	1
to speak honestly, and with no addition to the facts, we go to gain a little patch of ground that’s not worth anything except its name.	1
there is tears for his love, joy for his fortune, honor for his valor, and death for his ambition.	1
when?	1
i swear on my life i won’t tell your secret .	1
hey ,  mountain ,  hey !	1
o dear ophelia ,  i am ill at these numbers; i have not art to reckon my groans .	1
why ,  man ,  he doth bestride the narrow world like a colossus ,  and we petty men walk under his huge legs and peep about to find ourselves dishonorable graves .	1
peter!	1
so ,  let me hear you speak .	1
all i wanted to tell you is that the lantern is the moon ,  i’m the man in the moon ,  this thornbush is my thornbush ,  and this dog is my dog .	1
as they pass by ,  pluck casca by the sleeve ,  and he will ,  after his sour fashion ,  tell you what hath proceeded worthy note today .	1
to't again, come!	1
know we this face or no ?	1
now ,  in the names of all the gods at once ,  upon what meat doth this our caesar feed that he is grown so great ?	1
but you ,  my honorable lords ,  may name the time ,  and in the duke’s behalf i’ll give my voice ,  which i presume he’ll take in gentle part .	1
methinks i see these things with parted eye ,  when every thing seems double .	1
before god ,  and in my mind ,  very wise .	1
find them out whose names are written here ?	1
they are winged .	1
if ever i live to see it ,  i will challenge it .	1
but near him thy angel becomes afeard ,  as being o’erpowered .	1
look ,  she’s spotted him with those sweet eyes of hers .	1
i neither know it nor can learn of him.	1
or leave either: but you'll lie like dogs ,  and still say nothing neither .	1
what, are you hurt, lieutenant?	1
o heavens!	1
nor none, in my mind, now you give her o'er.	1
here's the smell of the blood still .	1
this is most certain that i shall deliver: mark antony is every hour in rome expected .	1
here thought they to have done some wanton charm upon this man and miad, whose vows are that no bed-right shall be paid till hymen's torch be lighted—but in vain.	1
i’ll be patient when the sea is patient.	1
o my son ,  my son !	1
upon the corner of the moon there hangs a vap'rous drop profound .	1
if that’s the case ,  tears wash my eyes more than hers .	1
a laughter .	1
that’s just what i thought .	1
where is that poor rash man ?	1
now romeo is belov'd, and loves again, alike bewitched by the charm of looks; but to his foe suppos'd he must complain, and she steal love's sweet bait from fearful hooks.	1
my fan, peter.	1
ay ,  boy ,  ready .	1
marry ,  sir ,  to bid my old master the jew to sup to - night with my new master the christian .	1
let me go.	1
but thinking this way is not the way to choose a husband for me.	1
to whom ,  my lord ?	1
if that be all ,  masters ,  i hear no harm .	1
and ,  hark !	1
brutus, this sober form of yours hides wrongs, and when you do them— cassius, be content, speak your griefs softly, i do know you well.	1
you may to me ,  and ’tis most meet you should .	1
the citizens are up ,  and tybalt slain .	1
what make you from home ?	1
madam, i am here.	1
double ,  double ,  toil and trouble; fire burn and cauldron bubble .	1
so i will turn her virtue into black tar, and out of her own goodness make the net that shall tangle them all up.	1
tybalt ,  here killed ,  who was slain by romeo’s hand .	1
with all my heart .	1
are you this impatient ?	1
i pray you all ,  if you have hitherto concealed this sight ,  let it be tenable in your silence still .	1
here comes my messenger . —how now ,  mad spirit ?	1
there's the respect that makes a mess of long life, for who would bear the whips and scorns of time, the oppressor's wrong, the proud man's insults, the pangs of rejected love, the law's delay, the inexperience of office, and the disdain that patient merit takes from the unworthy, when he himself might his final settlement make with a bare, sharp knife?	1
put your sword away ,  or use it to help me break up this fight .	1
what hour now ?	1
good night ,  and better health attend his majesty !	1
what's the matter ,  husband ?	1
but ,  othello ,  speak .	1
help ,  help ,  o ,  help !	1
but shall it be soon?	1
clubs, bills, and partisans!	1
i’m glad to see your highness .	1
go bid thy mistress, when my drink is ready, she strike upon the bell.	1
what shall you ask of me that i’ll deny ,  that honor ,  saved ,  may upon asking give ?	1
could that be a lawyer’s skull ?	1
prithee ,  dispatch .	1
have you returned smiling from the great battle for the world ?	1
what dost thou think ?	1
madam, madam, madam!	1
what if i went no further and chose this one ?	1
sleep rock your brain, and may misfortune never mischance between us two!	1
then keep thy vow ,  sirrah ,  when thou meet’st the fellow .	1
this isn’t a monster ,  it’s a devil .	1
when these omens all happen at the same time, don’t let men say "these things have their reasons; they’re natural," for i believe they’re warning signs that predict the climate that they point to.	1
my daughter, susan, and she god rest all christian souls!	1
now that noble vessel is so full of grief, that it runs over, even from his eyes.	1
give us kind keepers ,  heavens !	1
she was fickle and unfaithful ,  like water .	1
pick me up .	1
my lord ,  they stay for you to give your daughter to her husband .	1
you told us you want something .	1
go get me something i can use to break down the door .	1
this doth betoken the corse they follow did with desperate hand fordo its own life .	1
i will too .	1
so what’s the story ,  old boy ?	1
alack ,  for pity !	1
that’s strange .	1
regret and everlasting shame sit on our helmets ,  mocking us .	1
and when some lowlife protests that  stop ,  and eat no more .	1
and here he is .	1
words without thoughts never to heaven go.	1
look ,  love ,  see how devoted i am ?	1
bid that welcome which comes to punish us ,  and we punish it ,  seeming to bear it lightly .	1
the dearest friend to me ,  the kindest man ,  the best conditioned and unwearied spirit in manners ,  and one in whom the ancient roman honor appears more than any man alive in italy .	1
so you shall hear of carnal ,  bloody and unnatural acts ,  of accidental judgments ,  casual slaughters ,  of deaths planned by cunning and false causes ,  and ,  in this result ,  mistaken motives fallen on the planners' heads .	1
i can’t do this .	1
good friend ,  i prithee ,  take him in thy arms .	1
a right good marksman !	1
he sends to know if your pleasure hold to play with laertes, or that you will take longer time.	1
beat him up .	1
no ,  i don’t ,  my lord .	1
we shall obey ,  were she ten times our mother .	1
for your part, our swords have leaden points to you, mark antony; our arms in strength of friendship, and our hearts of brotherly disposition, receive you with all kind love, good thoughts, and reverence.	1
naught that i am ,  not for their own demerits ,  but for mine ,  fell slaughter on their souls .	1
my noble king ,  my friends have informed me that sir edward courtney and his brother ,  the haughty bishop of exeter ,  are now in  my king ,  the guildfords in  my lord ,  the duke of buckingham’s army— enough ,  you	1
excellent good ,  i' faith .	1
o child !	1
and i.	1
consider .	1
hail ,  king !	1
my brother killed no man; his fault was thought ,  and yet his punishment was bitter death .	1
alas, iago, my lord hath so bewhored her, thrown such despite and heavy terms upon her, as true hearts cannot bear.	1
what man dost thou dig it for?	1
nay, that's not so.	1
my lord, my lord!	1
well ,  you’re not on target there .	1
you can be a eunuch ,  but i’ll be mute .	1
which she shall purchase with still - lasting war .	1
look ,  he can become invisible .	1
can’t help it ?	1
a soldier, and afeard?	1
indeed ,  i remember it well .	1
seek !	1
shake off sleep ,  which looks like death ,  and look at death itself !	1
yes ,  i do .	1
get some rest, tonight we'll feast together.	1
where i have come ,  great clerks have purposèd to greet me with premeditated welcomes ,  where i have seen them shiver and look pale ,  make periods in the midst of sentences ,  throttle their practiced accent in their fears ,  and in conclusion dumbly have broke off ,  not paying me a welcome .	1
when laban and himself were compromis'd that all the eanlings which were streak'd and pied should fall, as jacob's hire; the ewes, being rank, in the end of autumn turned to the rams: and when the work of generation was, between these woolly breeders, in the act, the skilful shepherd pill'd me certain wands, and, in the doing of the deed of kind, he stuck them up before the fulsome ewes; who, then conceiving, did in eaning-time fall party-colour'd lambs, and those were jacob's.	1
i would thou hadst my bones, and i thy news.	1
the head is not more native to the heart, the hand more instrumental to the mouth, than is the throne of denmark to thy father.	1
came you, from padua, from bellario?	1
stay'd it long ?	1
i am the son of marcus cato ,  ho !	1
fie upon thee!	1
i do believe that these applauses are for some new honors that are heap'd on caesar .	1
portia !	1
any strange beast there can be considered a man .	1
go away ,  now .	1
who commands them, sir?	1
though this island may appear desolate—	1
run barefoot up and down, threatening the flames with blind tears, a cloth on that head where lately the crown had stood, and for a robe, about her thin loins, exhausted from child-bearing, a blanket, caught up in the panic of fear, whoever had seen this, with a very poisoned tongue, would have pronounced treason against fortune's state.	1
cassio ,  walk around here .	1
a truant disposition, good my lord.	1
when the mind’s free ,  the body’s delicate .	1
the games are done ,  and caesar is returning .	1
montano and myself were talking, and there comes a fellow crying out for help, with cassio following him with determined sword, to kill him.	1
what wicked request did brutus make to you?	1
that same villain romeo.	1
on him, on him!	1
i am sorry that i am deceived in him .	1
what’s the message from the english king ?	1
in love ?	1
has he ever tested out these ideas on you before ?	1
i did hear him groan ,  ay ,  and that tongue of his that bade the romans mark him and write his speeches in their books—  “ alas ,  ”  it cried ,   “ give me some drink ,  titinius ,  ”  as a sick girl .	1
and benedick is not the worst husband i can think of .	1
good my lord ,  give me thy favor still .	1
this ,  by his voice ,  should be a montague .	1
by heavens ,  the duke shall know how slack you have been .	1
the lord grandpré .	1
acquaint her here of my son paris' love ,  and bid her ,  mark you me ,  on wednesday next— but ,  soft !	1
ready .	1
i am sorry that with better heed and judgment i had not quoted him .	1
then there is no true lover in the forest ,  else sighing every minute and groaning every hour would detect the lazy foot of time as well as a clock .	1
tis destiny unshunnable ,  like death .	1
read this book, showing that such an exercise may colours your loneliness.	1
i thank god ,  i thank god !	1
it is very meet, the lord bassanio live an upright life; for, having such a blessing in his lady, he finds the joys of heaven here on earth; and, if on earth he do not mean it, then in reason he should never come to heaven.	1
please ,  come with me .	1
what’s going on ,  wife !	1
i beg you to stay with us, don’t go to wittenberg.	1
this is othello's ensign ,  as i take it .	1
man doesn’t delight me ,  no ,  nor woman either ,  though by your smiling ,  you seem to find that funny .	1
all the east ,  say thou ,  shall call her mistress .  ”  so he nodded ,  and soberly did mount an arm - gaunt steed ,  who neighed so high that what i would have spoke was beastly dumbed by him .	1
what’s the boy malcolm ?	1
fare thee well .	1
cassio !	1
ha!	1
where nothing ,  but who knows nothing ,  is once seen to smile ,  where sighs ,  and groans ,  and shrieks ,  that tear at the air ,  are made ,  not marked ,  where violent sorrow seems a modern ecstasy .	1
confess yourself freely to her; importune her help to put you in your place again.	1
you certainly bar the door to your own freedom if you don’t tell your problems to your friend.	1
who’s this adam you speak of ?	1
now ,  iras ,  what think’st thou ?	1
neither can my accomplishments at sea .	1
what mercy can you render him, antonio?	1
now is he for the numbers that petrarch flowed in.	1
liar ,  and slave !	1
we'll hear the will .	1
i feel this pinprick .	1
tell me ,  for more certainty ,  albeit i'll swear that i do know your tongue .	1
i was wrong to her— do you know how an oyster makes its shell ?	1
punish me if it’s not true .	1
so ,  to answer your question .	1
i am christophero sly .	1
my prayers ,  you hussy ?	1
what rests ?	1
fairer than tongue can name thee ,  let me have some patient leisure to excuse myself .	1
a tomb must cover your sweet eyes .	1
what do you think of me ?	1
now romeo is beloved and loves again ,  alike bewitchèd by the charm of looks ,  but to his foe supposed he must complain ,  and she steal love’s sweet bait from fearful hooks .	1
but as i think—for truly would i speak ,  and now do i bethink me ,  so it is— i came with hermia hither .	1
who was the thane lives yet ,  but under heavy judgement bears that life which he deserves to lose .	1
i think so too .	1
that thou dost love my daughter from thy soul .	1
almost as bad, good mother, as kill a king, and marry with his brother.	1
mine did too .	1
can you do me greater harm than hate ?	1
it cannot be call'd our mother ,  but our grave .	1
but hear me ,  countrymen; still hear me speak .	1
o worthiest cousin!	1
what if it be a poison ,  which the friar has secretly given me to have me dead ,  so that he shouldn’t be dishonored because he married me to romeo before paris ?	1
at five o'clock i shall receive the money for the same .	1
i will frown as i pass by, and let them take it as they list.	1
if you say so ,  go away ,  and prove it too .	1
ill met by moonlight ,  proud titania .	1
nay ,  indeed ,  if you had your eyes you might fail of the knowing me: it is a wise father that knows his own child .	1
but shhh !	1
but wait a moment .	1
tell me ,  please: how many boys and girls will i have ?	1
caesar's better parts shall be crowned in brutus .	1
believe it .	1
what rhubarb, senna, or what purgative drug would scour these english hence?	1
go, villain, fetch a surgeon.	1
hast thou met with him ?	1
i’ll find out your man ,  and he shall signify from time to time every good hap to you that chances here .	1
all strange and terrible events are welcome ,  but comforts we despise .	1
oh ,  yes ,  i heard them all ,  and more too ,  for some of them had in them more feet than the verses would bear .	1
help me .	1
it is part of men to be afraid and tremble when the most mighty gods send lightening to astonish us.	1
fathers ,  never trust your daughters just because they act obedient and innocent .	1
he’d be quite a monster if his eyes were in his tail .	1
but if you conspired against my position while you were there ,  i might be interested in the reason for your stay in egypt .	1
look ,  the precious desdemona has arrived on shore .	1
do you hear me, roderigo?	1
is that true?	1
he looked very thin ,  as if sharp misery had worn him down to the bones; and in his poor shop a turtle was hanging ,  and a stuffed alligator ,  and other skins of ill - shaped fishes ,  and on his shelves he had a poverty - stricken collection of empty boxes ,  and green earthen pots ,  animal bladders ,  and musty smelling seeds ,  remnants of leftover twine ,  and old cakes of roses ,  were thinly scattered around ,  to make up a display .	1
where’s thy conscience now ?	1
what’s the noise ?	1
thriftless ambition ,  that will raven up thine own lives' means !	1
i hope he is ,  but yet let mothers doubt .	1
ay ,  but the clerk that never means to do it ,  unless he live until he be a man .	1
we’ve advanced too far .	1
not so hot .	1
what did you say?	1
argh!	1
let not thy discreet heart think it .	1
oh ,  why rebuke you him that loves you so ?	1
are not you a strumpet ?	1
now ,  you lie there on the path .	1
what hast thou there?	1
our tongue is rough ,  coz ,  and my condition is not smooth ,  so that ,  having neither the voice nor the heart of flattery about me ,  i cannot so conjure up the spirit of love in her that he will appear in his true likeness .	1
it may be, very likely.	1
can’t you tell that?	1
here ,  with the permission of brutus and the rest , — because brutus is an honorable man; and they are all ,  all honorable men , — i come to speak in caesar's funeral .	1
do as i bid thee .	1
bring him away .	1
they are coming to the play .	1
what ,  and stake down ?	1
o friar ,  the damnèd use that word in hell .	1
we wish your peace.	1
your gambols?	1
murder !	1
i won’t do them wrong; i would rather choose to wrong the dead ,  to wrong myself ,  and you ,  before i’ll wrong such honorable men .	1
what says my lord?	1
i am never happy when i hear sweet music.	1
that’s an odd thing to say .	1
call ,  good mercutio .	1
oh ,  it is monstrous ,  monstrous .	1
he will not say so .	1
a very pleasing night to honest men .	1
i beg you ,  have some charity for my wit; don’t think it is so unwholesome .	1
what think you of the scottish lord ,  his neighbor ?	1
but what a fool i am to stand here chatting when i should bid good morning to my bride and seal the bargain with a loving kiss .	1
hum !	1
juno sings her blessings on you .	1
only th’ adulterous antony ,  most large in his abominations ,  turns you off and gives his potent regiment to a trull that noises it against us .	1
come you to make confession to this father?	1
who's there ?	1
so, oft it chances in particular men, that for some vicious mole of nature in them, as in their birth—wherein they are not guilty, since nature cannot choose his origin— by the o'ergrowth of some complexion, oft breaking down the pales and forts of reason, or by some habit that too much o'erleavens the form of plausive manners, that these men— carrying, i say, the stamp of one defect, being nature's livery, or fortune's star— their virtues else—be they as pure as grace, as infinite as man may undergo— shall in the general censure take corruption from that particular fault.	1
i’ll be thy second .	1
tell me in sadness ,  who is that you love ?	1
no .	1
i got drunk !	1
true hope is swift ,  and flies with swallow’s wings .	1
fear not, my lord; your servant shall do so.	1
urge me no more ,  i shall forget myself .	1
therefore tremble and depart .	1
i know him well .	1
my lord sebastian ,  the truth you speak doth lack some gentleness and time to speak it in .	1
marry ,  sir ,  lullaby to your bounty till i come again .	1
go ,  farewell .	1
what, you’re dressed!	1
and ,  if you babble about mountains ,  let them throw millions of acres on us ,  until our ground ,  singeing his head against the burning sun ,  make the highest mountain like a wart !	1
so ,  good - bye .	1
i would i knew not why it should be slow'd.	1
will you help me ? —what an ass and a fool ,  a gullible no - good idiot !	1
i could really wish manners would invent some other kind of entertainment.	1
and then what would i do with him ?	1
he fights as you sing pricksong ,  keeps time ,  distance ,  and proportion; rests me his minim rest ,  one ,  two ,  and the third in your bosom !	1
know’st thou fluellen ?	1
o clitus !	1
damn it, you may partly hope that your father had not fathered you, that you are not the jew's daughter.	1
aren’t you a prostitute?	1
should we go see the sights in the town ?	1
the mind i think with and the courage i have shall never sag with doubt or shake with fear .	1
of your philosophy you make no use ,  if you give place to accidental evils .	1
what should i say to you ?	1
what ,  i say ?	1
yes ,  my lord .	1
love is such a violent emotion that it makes people self - destruct ,  as much as any strong emotion .	1
alas ,  alas !	1
live you?	1
my liberty .	1
help, help!	1
don’t speak ,  don’t reply ,  don’t answer me .	1
he hasn’t yet spent the wedding night with her; and she is joy for the gods .	1
hail!	1
a nice ,  soft pillow would be a more suitable place to lay that good white head than france’s hard ,  cold ground .	1
what is the matter ,  ho ?	1
ay ,  ay .	1
i have a venturous fairy that shall seek the squirrel's hoard ,  and fetch thee new nuts .	1
things that grow are not ripe until it’s their season to be ripe, so i, being young, have not been ripened in reason, and touching the point of human skill now, reason has become the commander of my will, and it leads me to your eyes, where i see love's stories, written in love's richest book.	1
why ,  what else ?	1
you have prevailed .	1
and your lies caused this murder .	1
i don’t understand that at all.	1
horrible steep .	1
what part is that, my lord?	1
look i so pale ,  lord dorset ,  as the rest ?	1
do you consent we shall acquaint him with it ,  as needful in our loves ,  fitting our duty ?	1
but old folks ,  many feign as they were dead ,  unwieldy ,  slow ,  heavy ,  and pale as lead .	1
but good lieutenant ,  is your general wived ?	1
pitiful sight !	1
a noose pardon him!	1
well ,  may you see things well done there .	1
i fear ’tis choleric .	1
tell him i’m sick .	1
like a mouse caught in my own trap ,  osric .	1
ice - cold frosts freeze the fresh crimson roses; and on the old god of harmony’s chin and icy crown ,  is set a circle of sweet summer buds almost in mockery of the frost .	1
othello ,  leave some officer behind and he shall our commission bring to you ,  and such things else of quality and respect as doth import you .	1
so what if he loves your hermia ?	1
horn mad ,  thou villain !	1
if you’re launcelot ,  then you’re my own flesh and blood .	1
the queen his mother lives almost by his looks, and for myself, whether it’s my virtue or my plague, she's so necessary to my life and soul, that, as the star moves only in his orbit, i couldn’t do anything without her say-so.	1
caesar did write for him to come to rome.	1
go get me a crow .	1
how silver - sweet sound lovers’ tongues by night ,  like softest music to attending ears !	1
this is the tune of our song ,  played by the picture of nobody .	1
will you laugh me asleep ,  for i am very heavy ?	1
sit down and rest .	1
i’ll walk around and force the commoners off the streets .	1
good night ,  penthesilea .	1
no ,  i do remember .	1
i’ll bring you to him right away .	1
is it possible?	1
is he not able to discharge the money ?	1
such an exploit have i in hand ,  ligarius ,  had you a healthful ear to hear of it .	1
under your pardon .	1
away to heaven respective lenity ,  and fire - ey'd fury be my conduct now !	1
if i know this ,  and know the whole world too ,  i can shake off at pleasure that part of tyranny that i endure .	1
i bespoke it not .	1
this balanced justice returns the ingredients of the gold cup we poisoned to our own lips .	1
bring him here; let me see his face.	1
i guess at it .	1
amen ,  with all my heart !	1
has any man seen him at the barber’s ?	1
hark ye ,  your romeo will be here at night .	1
and that you would have me to do ?	1
do you have your answer yet ?	1
why had i one ?	1
then ,  like prophets ,  they named him the father to a line of kings .	1
we haven’t made a good preparation.	1
but taste my story ,  and relish it by paying attention .	1
why do you sound so odd ?	1
first ,  of my word !	1
oh ,  thy vile lady !	1
how long is it now to the middle of july?	1
and this way have you well expounded it .	1
another studpid answer !	1
you shall ,  my lord .	1
strike ,  as thou didst at caesar ,  for i know ,  when thou didst hate him worst ,  thou lovedst him better than ever thou lovedst cassius .	1
nay ,  i am the very pink of courtesy .	1
is romeo slaughtered ,  and is tybalt dead ?	1
nay ,  gentle romeo ,  we must have you dance .	1
now, by my virginity at twelve years old, i told her to come.	1
why did he so ?	1
i never saw the chain ,  so help me heaven ,  and this is false you burden me withal .	1
this is your negligence .	1
i hear thou must ,  and nothing may prorogue it ,  on thursday next be married to this county .	1
no, good goose, don’t bite.	1
you would seem to know my stops .	1
i can’t believe i was scared of him !	1
sound ,  music ! —come ,  my queen ,  take hands with me ,  and rock the ground whereon these sleepers be .	1
yes ,  right away .	1
do not say so ,  lysander .	1
therefore no more, but to the matter!	1
what news ,  my lord ?	1
there’s no reason to be afraid .	1
come ,  poor remains of friends ,  rest on this rock .	1
how now ?	1
i bleed ,  sir ,  but not killed .	1
do you hear me ,  cassio ?	1
what think you of the scottish lord, his neighbour?	1
fouler than heart can think thee ,  thou canst make no excuse current but to hang thyself .	1
how’s the day ?	1
they say you are a melancholy fellow .	1
father and mother is man and wife; man and wife is one flesh; and so, my mother.	1
grab his sword from him.	1
how could it be wisdom !	1
i think it be .	1
i’ll plague him .	1
has it come to this ?	1
my master will be here in the morning .	1
they in themselves ,  good - sooth ,  are too - too light .	1
take me up .	1
i hope you’re not drowned .	1
break not your sleeps for that.	1
but fortune could not reward me better than to let me die well ,  without owing my master anything .	1
so the gods keep you and make the hearts of romans serve your ends .	1
oh, heavens!	1
the passages of alleys ,  creeks ,  and narrow lands; a hound that runs counter and yet draws dryfoot well ,  one that before the judgment carries poor souls to hell .	1
o thou bloody prison ,  fatal and ominous to noble peers !	1
indeed they say that the senators mean to establish caesar as a king tomorrow,and that he will be king everywhere, in every place, except here in italy.	1
i thought it was all for the best .	1
who ,  him ?	1
alas ,  she has nothing to say .	1
this tyrant, whose sole name blisters our tongues, was once thought honest.	1
i wish i had your guarantee, because i see that a weak bond holds you; i'll not trust your word.	1
the devil in him is strong !	1
then surrender, you coward, and live to be the center of attention of the times.	1
control yourself ,  my precious queen ,  and concede that my love is true .	1
and ,  just in time ,  here comes the sweaty lord .	1
ah ,  this thou shouldst have done and not have spoke on ’t !	1
hath there been such a time—i would fain know that— that i have positively said ‘'tis so , ’ when it proved otherwise ?	1
what a sleep were this for your advancement !	1
romeo's a dishclout to him.	1
good portia ,  go ahead to bed .	1
why do you hide these things ?	1
well ,  but what time is it ?	1
therefore another prologue must tell he is not a lion .	1
this diamond he greets your wife withal ,  by the name of most kind hostess ,  and shut up in measureless content .	1
tis monstrous .	1
their sense thus weak, lost with their fears thus strong, made senseless things begin to do them wrong, for briers and thorns at their apparel snatch; some sleeves, some hats, from yielders all things catch.	1
murder most foul ,  as even at best it is still murder ,  but this murder is the most foul ,  strange ,  and unnatural .	1
try being sick ,  great greatness ,  and see if ceremony can cure you !	1
alas, you know not; i must tell you then.	1
your grace ,  the person who is going to deliver the prologue is ready .	1
thou art the ruins of the noblest man that ever lived in the tide of times.	1
hurry, gentle jew.	1
i'll come to you in a minute.	1
here .	1
he’s just as terrified of sir andrew .	1
and when is he leaving ?	1
i’m not a traitor .	1
past all expressing.	1
no ship could survive this storm .	1
good - bye .	1
are you really alive ,  stephano ?	1
your other daughter regan will treat you kindly ,  you’ll see .	1
o cleopatra !	1
is she to be buried in christian burial that wilfully seeks her own salvation?	1
whilst he stood up and spoke ,  he was my master ,  and i wore my life to spend upon his haters .	1
meanwhile ,  i’ll make a list of props that we’ll need for the play .	1
is thy union here ?	1
shall i come down ?	1
not in a grave to lay one in, another out to have.	1
tell me that .	1
after her ,  after her .	1
listen to you ,  instructing me like a parrot would .	1
dromio ,  tell the servants to prepare for lunch .	1
hear me with patience.	1
and i missed yours .	1
what dost thou say?	1
master ,  here’s the gold you sent me for .	1
why ,  how should she be murdered ?	1
these evils you repeat upon yourself have banished me from scotland.	1
why, he that spends twenty years fearing death cuts twenty years off his life.	1
let’s dance to  “ you jerk .  ”  you mean ,   “ shut up ,  you jerk ”  ?	1
i think this night is just like sick daylight .	1
when the moon shone we did not see the candle .	1
i know his trumpet .	1
he’s a raven with the feathers of the dove .	1
there's two or three of us have seen strange sights.	1
even though i’m mad ,  i won’t bite him .	1
fie ,  there is no such man .	1
they shall be married tomorrow ,  and i will bid the duke to the nuptial .	1
who did it ?	1
have i hugged you yet ?	1
come on then .	1
he hath neither latin ,  french ,  nor italian ,  and you will come into the court and swear that i have a poor pennyworth in the english .	1
i’ll go no further.	1
a calendar ,  a calendar !	1
o damn'd iago!	1
so, i die with a kiss.	1
but ,  sir ,  i will deliver his challenge by word of mouth ,  set upon aguecheek a notable report of valor ,  and drive the gentleman (as i know his youth will aptly receive it) into a most hideous opinion of his rage ,  skill ,  fury ,  and impetuosity .	1
where is the horse that doth untread again his tedious measures with the unbated fire that he did pace them first ?	1
most high ,  most mighty ,  and most puissant caesar ,  metellus cimber throws before thy seat an humble heart .	1
what would you like me to do ?	1
now i go ,  a jolly ,  thriving wooer ,  to marry my brother edward’s young daughter ,  elizabeth ,  because i know richmond has his eye on her .	1
pray you ,  make haste .	1
go and tell them this .	1
i beseech you.	1
do i know these men who are with you ?	1
as with the meat ,  some undeservèd fault i’ll find about the making of the bed ,  and here i’ll fling the pillow ,  there the bolster ,  this way the coverlet ,  another way the sheets .	1
she replied by saying that it would be better for him to be her guest instead .	1
i must go seek some dewdrops here  and hang a pearl in every cowslip’s ear .	1
as it determines ,  so dissolve my life !	1
thou know’st my lodging .	1
what did he do to you ?	1
he only married out of political necessity .	1
the gods forbid !	1
soft !	1
arise, black vengeance, from your hollow hell!	1
well . — now come ,  my ariel !	1
yes ,  hand me one too .	1
look ,  look again !	1
will they stop pursuing the stage when they can no longer sing ?	1
let me see—what think you of falling in love ?	1
if you do love me ,  tell me what you were thinking .	1
masters, spread yourselves.	1
o, woe is me, to have seen what i have seen, see what i see!	1
he hath not told his thought to the king ?	1
i’ve seen the whole thing ,  and it’s completely worthless—unless you think their bad acting and their misremembered lines—which they memorized so painfully—are funny .	1
not i .	1
now ,  ere the sun advance his burning eye ,  the day to cheer and night’s dank dew to dry ,  i must upfill this osier cage of ours with baleful weeds and precious - juicèd flowers .	1
i wish i was your bird .	1
she was false as water .	1
we’re not invading england out of ambition or greed ,  but out of love—dear love ! —and my father’s right to his kingdom .	1
i’ll make you quiet . —what ,  cheerly ,  my hearts !	1
it is an honor that i never dreamed about .	1
why ,  the honest men .	1
oh ,  i wish i had my rosary !	1
where be his quiddities now, his quillets, his cases, his tenures, and his tricks?	1
are your doors lock'd?	1
do you really think i’m no stronger than the rest of my sex ,  with such a father and such a husband ?	1
nay ,  the man hath no wit that cannot ,  from the rising of the lark to the lodging of the lamb ,  vary deserved praise on my palfrey .	1
what’s the difference ?	1
please put up with my weakness .	1
where have you come from ,  worthy baron ?	1
who comes with her?	1
serve god .	1
see how she leans her cheek upon her hand!	1
he has captured toryne .	1
not to his father’s .	1
tis figured in my tongue .	1
i will play the swan .	1
and so near will i be, that your best friends shall wish i had been further away.	1
let him hoist you up in front of the shouting crowds !	1
o ,  speak again ,  bright angel !	1
but what love could make my lysander leave me ?	1
if i could add a lie to a fault ,  i would deny it; but you see my finger hasn’t got the ring on it; it is gone .	1
me ,  poor man ,  my library was dukedom large enough: of temporal royalties he thinks me now incapable; confederates— so dry he was for sway—with the king of naples to give him annual tribute ,  do him homage ,  subject his coronet to his crown ,  and bend the dukedom ,  yet unbowed alas ,  poor milan ! — to most ignoble stooping .	1
observe her; stand close .	1
i would have none but knaves follow it since a fool gives it .	1
her father and i ,  lawful spies ,  will so hide ourselves that ,  seeing but unseen ,  we may honestly judge their encounter ,  and gather from him ,  or how he behaves ,  if it’s the affliction of his love or not that he suffers like this for .	1
then i'll be brief .	1
do you find some occasion to anger cassio, either by speaking too loud, or tainting his discipline, or from what other course you please, which the time shall more favorably minister.	1
ay ,  you would beg ,  were you in my distress .	1
then you’ll buy 'em to sell again .	1
bid her devise some means to come to confession this afternoon; and there she shall, at friar lawrence' cell, make her confession and married.	1
dull thing ,  i say so .	1
as from a bear a man would run for life ,  so fly i from her that would be my wife .	1
one of you run to the queen with the news .	1
though his ship will not be lost, it will be tossed about on the rough ocean.	1
listen to our horses neighing ,  longing to be working .	1
thence we looked toward england and cited up a thousand fearful times ,  during the wars of york and lancaster that had befall'n us .	1
now do you know the reason of this haste .	1
but, sir, be you ruled by me.	1
i am never happy when i hear sweet music .	1
i know it by their pale and deadly looks .	1
your flashes of merriment ,  that were wont to set the table on a roar ?	1
no ,  that were pity; i would entreat you rather to put on your boldest suit of mirth ,  for we have friends that purpose merriment .	1
i do not like thy look ,  i promise thee .	1
go to my chamber ,  put on clothes of mine .	1
how much unlike art thou to portia!	1
isn’t he honest?	1
good-night.	1
my lord ,  what is your will ?	1
give him this and bid him keep it better than the other.	1
but other of your insolent retinue do hourly carp and quarrel ,  breaking forth in rank and not - to - be - endurèd riots .	1
this hand is moist ,  my lady .	1
to a nunnery, go.	1
well, maybe he’ll do her some good.	1
foul words is but foul wind ,  and foul wind is but foul breath ,  and foul breath is noisome .	1
do you doubt that ?	1
these sentences, to sweetness or to bitterness, being strong on both sides, are equal.	1
you spotted snakes ,  with double tongue ,  thorny hedgehogs ,  be not seen; newts and blindworms do no wrong; come not near our fairy queen .	1
enough to buy everything you have declared .	1
none at all .	1
what traitor hears me and says not  “ amen ?  ”  england hath long been mad and scarred herself .	1
if she admits she wanted this ,  then i won’t blame othello . —come here ,  my child .	1
for my part ,  i had rather bear with you than bear you .	1
romeo, hist!	1
i doubt it not; and all these woes shall serve for sweet discourses in our time to come .	1
i swear i thought you meant you’d been hurt physically .	1
this is a sorry sight.	1
i say i love thee more than he can do .	1
what ,  thou meanest an officer ?	1
here is the list of every man's name ,  who are thought to be the best in all athens ,  to play in our play before the duke and duchess at night on their wedding - day .	1
indeed ,  la ,  without an oath ,  i’ll make an end on it .	1
by jove ,  i am not covetous for gold nor care i who doth feed upon my cost; it yearns me not if men my garments wear; such outward things dwell not in my desires .	1
as i did sleep under this yew tree here ,  i dreamt my master and another fought ,  and that my master slew him .	1
farewell; and if my fortune be not cross'd, i have a father, you a daughter, lost.	1
i will hide him ,  and will answer the death i gave him well .	1
look lively ,  look lively ,  my good men !	1
for god’s love ,  let me hear .	1
he hath done good service ,  lady ,  in these wars .	1
let him alone; i'll follow him no more with bootless prayers.	1
my mistress here lies murdered in her bed.	1
why ,  no; but sadly tell me who .	1
are you of good or evil?	1
these are but wild and whirling words, my lord.	1
yes ,  and these .	1
well ,  brutus ,  thou art noble .	1
why do you repeat it ,  woman ?	1
that’s the way to show me friendship .	1
well ,  well; but ,  for mine own part ,  as i have set up my rest to run away ,  so i will not rest till i have run some ground .	1
within my sword’s length set him; if he ’scape ,  heaven forgive him too .	1
why shouldn’t i be there in person ?	1
how absolutely clever this chap is!	1
but why aren’t you in your shop today ?	1
scrape the plates !	1
on the contrary.	1
how vilely doth this cynic rhyme!	1
whiles i in this affair do thee employ, i'll to my queen, and beg her indian boy; and then i will her charmed eye release from monster's view, and all things shall be peace.	1
i cannot go to, man; nor 'tis not very well.	1
i feel i should recognize you and that man	1
little again!	1
if chance will have me king ,  why ,  chance may crown me without my stir .	1
but thou must needs be sure my spirits and my place have in their power to make this bitter to thee .	1
cobweb.	1
if every of your wishes had a womb ,  and fertile every wish ,  a million .	1
you thought because he could not speak english in the native garb ,  he could not therefore handle an english cudgel .	1
two such opposed kings set up camp in man ,  as well as in herbs ,  grace and rude will; and where the worse human trait is predominant ,  the canker death eats up that plant very soon .	1
how can this be ?	1
spirit ,  did you carry out the storm just as i ordered ?	1
the second cock crowed .	1
peter quince , — what sayest thou ,  bully bottom ?	1
what did he say ?	1
o ,  fear me not !	1
he’ll recover his sanity there .	1
we arrived here on this island: and here i ,  your schoolmaster ,  have made you grow more than other princes can ,  who have more time for worthless hours ,  and tutors that are not as careful .	1
peace there !	1
why ,  would not you ?	1
set me the stoups of wine upon that table.	1
you may be pleased to catch at mine intent by what did here befall me .	1
and how does your happiness advance your own good fortune?	1
why ask you ?	1
thus ornament is but the guiled shore to a most dangerous sea; the beauteous scarf veiling an indian beauty; in a word, the seeming truth which cunning times put on to entrap the wisest.	1
why are you telling me about robbing?	1
aside to prospero] sir, all this service [aside to prospero] sir, all this service have i done since i went.	1
therefore use none.	1
know, caesar doth not wrong, nor without cause will he be satisfied.	1
we’ll have celebration feasts for each other before we go our separate ways .	1
to ariel] go ,  charge my goblins that they grind their [to ariel] go ,  charge my goblins that they grind their joints with dry convulsions ,  shorten up their sinews ,  with aged cramps ,  and more pinch - spotted make them than pard or cat o'mountain .	1
tush ,  gremio .	1
wherefore rejoice ?	1
we’ll to th’ river .	1
i can tell that something wicked is coming by the tingling in my thumbs .	1
i must protest your comments good heart, and in faith i will tell her as much.	1
i wish my horse moved as fast as your mouth and was as tireless .	1
you shall find me apt enough to that ,  sir ,  an you will give me occasion .	1
who shall begin ?	1
no ,  go ahead and take my life .	1
o ,  let me kiss this princess of pure white ,  this seal of bliss !	1
what people who pay him tribute follow him to rome ,  to decorate his chariot’s wheels with their chains and bonds ?	1
don’t let her say i kept you .	1
you may be rightly just ,  whatever i shall think .	1
therefore all hearts in love use their own tongues .	1
i know thou wilt say  “ ay ,  ”  and i will take thy word .	1
he’s bound to octavia .	1
where they feared the death ,  they have borne life away; and where they would be safe ,  they perish .	1
no, no!	1
but chiefly him that you termed ,  sir ,   “ the good old lord gonzalo ,  ”  his tears run down his beard like winter’s drops from eaves of reeds .	1
i held the sword ,  and he ran into it .	1
i would risk purgatory for it .	1
to show our simple skill, that is the true beginning of our end.	1
but know that i have tonight wooed margaret ,  the lady hero’s gentlewoman ,  by the name of hero .	1
if you can nod, speak too.	1
i will bring you thither .	1
we do, my lord.	1
the scripture says adam digged .	1
go waken juliet .	1
let their beds be made as soft as yours, and let their palates be season'd with such viands?	1
i don’t know .	1
out ,  i say !	1
maria ,  take care of this poor fellow here .	1
i feel better already ,  and i know there’s more good advice where that came from .	1
can he deny it ?	1
my invocation is fair and honest, and, in his mistress' name, i only conjure him to raise up him.	1
am not i your lord?	1
fly and make your peace with caesar .	1
oh ,  please don’t swear ,  my lord of buckingham .	1
he recognizes me like a blind man recognizes a cuckoo—by its bad voice .	1
you, ladies, you, whose gentle hearts fear the smallest monstrous mouse that creeps on floor, may now, perhaps, both quake and tremble here, when a rough lion roars in wildest rage.	1
catch me if you can !	1
what’s she ?	1
believe me ,  sir ,  if i had such venture out there ,  the better part of my thoughts would be with my hope of their safe arrival .	1
maybe it’ll come again .	1
they’re saying i’d be an animal without a heart if i stayed home today out of fear .	1
i’m afraid so, i promise you.	1
listen, dardanius.	1
oh ,  what a fall it was ,  my countrymen !	1
what’s that ?	1
are you wise ?	1
come on.	1
didst thou not hear their shouts ?	1
why are you silent ?	1
thank you .	1
will you sup there?	1
to th’ most of men this is a caliban ,  and they to him are angels .	1
if there isn’t a solution, i have the power to kill myself.	1
i told him what i thought ,  and told no more than what he found himself was apt and true .	1
is't not possible to understand in another tongue?	1
good madam ,  stay a while .	1
john duke of norfolk ,  walter ,  lord ferrers ,  sir robert brakenbury ,  and sir william brandon .	1
and ,  i'll guarantee that she is full of game .	1
so that ,  dear lords ,  if i be left behind ,  a moth of peace ,  and he go to the war ,  the rites for which i love him are bereft me ,  and i a heavy interim shall support by his dear absence .	1
and i do with an eye of love requite her .	1
villainy, villainy, villainy!	1
how i have thought of this and of these times, i shall recount hereafter; for this present, i would not, so with love i might entreat you, be any further moved.	1
casca will tell us what the matter is.	1
mercy but murders, pardoning those that kill.	1
what role did you play ?	1
greet him ,  elves ,  and do him courtesies .	1
your servants are waiting .	1
truly ,  i would the gods had made thee poetical .	1
throw your vile guesses into the devil's teeth, from where you got them.	1
where is my romeo ?	1
truly ,  a peck of dry food; i could munch your good dry oats .	1
he ,  sir .	1
was never mother had so dear a loss .	1
to you i am bound for my life and education; my life and education both teach me how to respect you; you are the lord of duty ,  i am therefore your daughter .	1
all ?	1
your servants ever have theirs ,  themselves ,  and what is theirs in compt ,  to make their audit at your highness' pleasure ,  still to return your own .	1
wilt thou provoke me ?	1
i have rubbed this young pimple almost to the purpose ,  and he grows angry .	1
here catesby comes again .	1
claudio ,  take my daughter ,  and ,  with her ,  take my fortunes .	1
what noise ?	1
love is so vivid and fantastical that nothing compares to it .	1
i humbly thank you for it .	1
you snore distinctly: there's meaning in your snores .	1
why, what do i care?	1
he was a great human being .	1
it’s women crying ,  my good lord .	1
another yet!	1
look at this army, of such size and power, led by a delicate and tender prince, whose spirit, with divine ambition puffed up, makes faces at the invisible event, exposing what is mortal and unsure to all that luck, death, and danger dare to do, even for an eggshell.	1
a wise man and a fool .	1
was he not born of woman ?	1
i prithee ,  remember i have done thee worthy service ,  told thee no lies ,  made thee no mistakings ,  served without or grudge or grumblings .	1
when they feared death ,  they escaped with their lives; and now where they imagine they’re safe ,  they perish .	1
we’re near his room now .	1
god witness with me ,  i have wept for thine .	1
why ,  no ,  sir .	1
that is laertes ,  a very noble youth .	1
farewell .	1
madam ,  in rome .	1
what fray was here?	1
i'll have the embroidery taken out, and give it iago.	1
what committed ?	1
alas ,  why gnaw you so your nether lip ?	1
o, banish me, my lord, but don’t kill me!	1
pray you ,  is he married to cleopatra ?	1
then i’ll call you a serving - creature .	1
peter quince— what is it ,  jolly bottom ?	1
may god bring you sleep !	1
on monday morning ,  it was true indeed .	1
i say he’s a dull thing ,  that caliban ,  whom now i keep as a servant .	1
thrice the brinded cat hath mew'd .	1
an unauthorized kiss !	1
beat him enough: after a little time, i'll beat him too.	1
when they do choose ,  they have the wisdom by their wit to lose .	1
away !	1
i shall keep the purpose of this good lesson as watchman to my heart.	1
so oft as that shall be, so often shall the knot of us be call'd the men that gave their country liberty.	1
the king ,  sir yes ,  sir ,  what about him ?	1
the moon has set .	1
the duke went with him to search bassanio’s ship .	1
i have lived long enough .	1
what do you say, noble heart?	1
they are sheep and calves which seek out assurance in that .	1
fulvia thy wife is dead .	1
i’m not sure about that .	1
where's peasblossom ?	1
angels and ministers of grace defend us !	1
and i'll still stay, to have you still forget, forgetting any other home but this one.	1
for the which i hear what they say of him .	1
my freedom.	1
to express the like kindness ,  myself ,  that have been more kindly beholding to you than any ,  freely give unto you this young scholar	1
so ,  where should we eat ?	1
how came we ashore ?	1
for god’s sake ,  sir toby ,  you’ve got to come home earlier at night .	1
farewell ,  my lord .	1
his name is balthazar .	1
from tripolis, from mexico, and england, from lisbon, barbary, and india?	1
if he cannot ,  let the tailor mend him .	1
go ,  get you to johann ,  bring me a mug of whiskey .	1
and then, sir, does he this—he does—what was i about to say?	1
if you did, i care not.	1
is it within reason and compass ?	1
the best i can ,  my lord .	1
then none have i offended.	1
what ladybird!	1
seest thou this sweet sight ?	1
pluck up ,  my heart ,  and be sad .	1
i’ll just stay here till the storm passes .	1
i meddle with no tradesman’s matters nor women’s matters ,  but withal i am indeed ,  sir ,  a surgeon to old shoes .	1
this is to make a donkey of me ,  to frighten me ,  if they can .	1
will you be committed to my hopes ,  if i depend on you ?	1
judges ?	1
will you be prick'd in number of our friends ,  or shall we on ,  and not depend on you ?	1
i beg you ,  listen well .	1
are you trying to start a fight ?	1
follow my mother .	1
to adrian] ay .	1
o ,  she is ten times more gentle than her father's crabbed ,  and he's composed of harshness .	1
then music is even as the flourish ,  when true subjects bow to a new - crowned monarch: such it is ,  as are those dulcet sounds in break of day ,  that creep into the dreaming bridegroom's ear ,  and summon him to marriage .	1
you have forgot the will i told you of .	1
great thing of us forgot ! — speak ,  edmund ,  where’s the king ?	1
a merry whoreson ,  ha !	1
if she lives till doomsday ,  she’ll burn a week longer than the whole world .	1
now god in heaven bless thee!	1
come here ,  you wretch !	1
no, that would be a pity; i would beg you rather to put on your boldest face of happiness, because we have friends that offer merriment.	1
if i profane with my unworthiest hand this holy shrine, the gentle fine is this: my lips, two blushing pilgrims, ready stand to smooth that rough touch with a tender kiss.	1
i have lost my hopes .	1
soul of rome!	1
what says that fool of hagar's offspring; ha ?	1
well ,  because i saw your niece olivia treat the count’s messenger better than she’s ever treated me .	1
he’s a conspirator .	1
not romeo ,  prince; he was mercutio's friend; his fault concludes but what the law should end ,  the life of tybalt .	1
what’s that ,  i pray ?	1
i am sure the duke will never enforce this default.	1
for lord hamlet ,  believe so much in him that he is young ,  and with a larger tether may he walk than may be given you .	1
how dare you trade and traffic with macbeth in riddles and affairs of death; and i ,  the mistress of your charms ,  the secret contriver of all harms ,  was never called to offer my part ,  or show the glory of our art ?	1
you mournful princes and grieving gentlemen who have been sharing this burden of grief ,  now it’s time to cheer each other up with love .	1
i grant indeed it hasn’t seemed so ,  and your suspicion is not without wit and judgment .	1
there's millions now alive that nightly lie in those unproper beds which they dare swear peculiar .	1
she was here even now; she haunts me in every place .	1
pray heavens he is, because i have served him, and the man commands like a full soldier.	1
one of my fellows had the speed of him ,  who ,  almost dead for breath ,  had scarcely more than would make up his message .	1
ay ,  marry ,  is ’t .	1
i prithee do not mock me ,  fellow student .	1
adieu ,  my lord .	1
here ,  sir !	1
he’s honest ,  he’s got to speak the truth .	1
casca will tell us what’s wrong .	1
sola ,  sola !	1
what would you do to show yourself your father's son in deed more than in words ?	1
these things seem small and murky, like far-off mountain tops turned into clouds.	1
i’m an honest puck ,  and i swear that if we’re lucky enough not to get hissed at ,  we’ll make it up to you soon .	1
did you see ?	1
i always pray for them	1
i humbly beg you, proceed to the affairs of state.	1
i had most need of blessing ,  and  “ amen ”  stuck in my throat .	1
roderigo kill'd ?	1
did he not straight ,  in pious rage ,  the two delinquents tear ,  that were the slaves of drink and thralls of sleep ?	1
in the entire play ,  not one word is well - written ,  and not one of the actors is right for his part .	1
and i’ll help you .	1
i have a salt and sorry rheum offends me; lend me thy handkerchief.	1
signior montano, your trusty and most valiant servitor, with his free duty recommends you thus, and prays you to believe him.	1
cheer up .	1
he jests at scars that never felt a wound .	1
i thank you for your pains and courtesy .	1
go ,  my dread lord ,  to your great - grandsire’s tomb ,  from whom you claim .	1
is he well shipp'd ?	1
your worst fault is being in love .	1
an please your majesty ,  let his neck answer for it ,  if there is any martial law in the world .	1
would he have stolen away from sleeping hermia?	1
and look where publius is come to fetch me.	1
go back to where you’re staying and go to sleep .	1
old lord ,  i cannot blame thee ,  who am myself attached with weariness ,  to th’ dulling of my spirits .	1
she  i can guess her answer .	1
i regret my crime more than my death ,  and i beg your highness to forgive me ,  while punishing my body with death .	1
this grisly beast ,  which known by name lion ,  scared away or rather frightened the trusty thisbe ,  coming first to the place by night; and as she fled ,  she dropped her shawl ,  which vile lion stained with his bloody mouth .	1
o my dear cassio ,  my sweet cassio !	1
an earnest conjuration from the king, as england was his faithful tributary, as love between them like the palm might flourish, as peace should still her wheaten garland wear and stand a comma 'tween their amities, and many such like as's of great charge, that on the view and knowing of these contents, without debatement further, more or less, he should the bearers put to sudden death, not shriving-time allow'd.	1
then sweno ,  norwegian king ,  wanted a treaty; we would not agree to the burial of his men until he paid us ,  at saint colme's island ,  ten thousand dollars to our general use .	1
ask this man’s forgiveness ,  love him ,  and accept his offer .	1
farewell ,  good launcelot .	1
when a majestic king starts acting silly ,  then it’s my duty to be blunt .	1
i prithee ,  let me bring thee where crabs grow; and i with my long nails will dig thee pignuts ,  show thee a jay's nest ,  and instruct thee how to snare the nimble marmoset ,  i'll bring thee to clustering filberts ,  and sometimes i'll get thee young sea - mews from the rock .	1
remember march ,  the ides of march remember .	1
you may go that far .	1
what black magician conjures up this fiend to stop devoted charitable deeds ?	1
my lord ?	1
you go pale ,  you stare ,  and you act in awe of the strange disturbance in the heavens .	1
give me an aphrodisiac ,  pharmacist .	1
come ,  for england !	1
begin these woodbirds but to couple now ?	1
so you’re telling me to give it time and wait for summer .	1
but i’m afraid we’ll never get him to agree to be king .	1
night’s candles are burnt out ,  and jocund day stands tiptoe on the misty mountain tops .	1
we’re still waiting for one more .	1
how now ,  my lord !	1
all for your delight we are not here .	1
o sweet mistress ,  speak !	1
as shafalus to procrus, i to you.	1
if 'twere no other— 'tis but so ,  i warrant .	1
and that clear honour were purchas'd by the merit of the wearer !	1
i’ll go farther off .	1
i come ,  anon . —but if thou meanest not well ,  i do beseech thee— madam !	1
that hath made him mad .	1
a sailor's wife had chestnuts in her lap, and mounch'd, and mounch'd, and mounch'd.	1
o you stupid boy !	1
i was always honest with you ,  and so now ,  i speak my annoyance over the matter; so be cheerful ,  because i honestly think you are dammed .	1
how now ,  my sweet bianca !	1
i'll go farther off.	1
now die ,  die ,  die ,  die ,  die .	1
go to sleep ,  and i will wrap my arms around you .	1
how is it that moonshine is gone before thisbe comes back and finds her lover?	1
you must take your chance ,  and either don’t attempt to choose at all ,  or swear before you choose that ,  if you choose wrong ,  you will never to speak to me afterward about marriage; so be advised .	1
what trash is rome, what rubbish and what offal, when it serves for the base matter to illuminate so vile a thing as caesar?	1
here ,  take away the dish .	1
no ,  let’s follow him .	1
he’s going senile .	1
i should sin to think but nobly of my grandmother: good wombs have borne bad sons .	1
there must be some political news from venice ,  or some dangerous plot here in cyprus has ruined his good mood .	1
thou know'st that banquo and his fleance lives.	1
get thee gone and hire those horses .	1
thou art rash as fire, to say that she was false.	1
don’t be afraid; she shall not harm you ,  helena .	1
mine ,  too .	1
what a fearful night is this !	1
what ,  have you forgot me ?	1
this is the air - drawn dagger which you said led you to duncan .	1
i pulled it from his wound .	1
such love must needs be treason in my breast.	1
the royal tree has left us other fruit ,  which ,  with time ,  will do just fine on the throne and make us all happy as king ,  i’m sure .	1
an i may hide my face ,  let me play thisbe too .	1
is ’t come to this ?	1
don’t be silly !	1
that’s enobarbus ?	1
therefore i promise ye i fear you .	1
ay .	1
by mary, young man, her mother is the lady of the house.	1
shame on it!	1
provide your vessels and your spells, your charms, and everything else beside.	1
listen !	1
have not saints lips, and holy palmers too?	1
so that she may live ,  i’ll say i cheated on edward and that she is not really his child .	1
a man who achieves more in war than his captain does becomes his captain’s rival .	1
when i was still living with him i heard him swear to tubal and cush ,  his countrymen ,  that he’d rather have antonio’s flesh than twenty times the sum antonio owed .	1
no way ,  then ,  i’ll run .	1
if we actors have offended you ,  think about this ,  -  - and everything will be all right ,  -  - you have only dozed off here while these visions appeared .	1
i can see in your eyes there’s been some good news .	1
deceived, divorced, wronged, spited, slain!	1
sirrah, a word with you.	1
but it has bay windows that are as transparent as stone walls ,  and the upper windows facing south - north are as clear as coal .	1
before your sentence has been completed ?	1
here comes my man.	1
i'll beat the rogue into a wicker bottle.	1
this you should pity rather than despise .	1
to have a foolish wife.	1
i have made no fault .	1
heavenly powers ,  restore him !	1
is he alone ?	1
i’ve been here too long .	1
to make an account of her life to a clod of wayward marl ?	1
shall i be tempted by the devil ?	1
i make fun of you!	1
o you vile king, give me my father!	1
a drum ,  a drum !	1
if you can love me for this ,  take me .	1
you shall advise me in everything having to do with cleopatra .	1
brutus ,  a word with you .	1
look you ,  she loved her kinsman tybalt dearly ,  and so did i .	1
howling attends it .	1
before i could break up the fight ,  tybalt was killed .	1
o ,  damn on them !	1
o ,  then ,  i see queen mab hath been with you .	1
let me see it .	1
as sure ,  my liege ,  as i do see your grace .	1
tybalt ,  the kinsman to old capulet ,  has sent a letter to his father's house .	1
o me !	1
do you know them?	1
put your straw hats on ,  have some fun ,  and dance with these young nymphs .	1
i’m satisfied .	1
this is your job .	1
so the spirit is eased .	1
why comest thou?	1
do you confess the promise to pay ?	1
we’ll burn his body in the holy place and use the brands to set the traitors' houses on fire .	1
i am glad about it: i don’t want anything more than to get sailing and be gone tonight .	1
my noble uncle ,  do you know the cause ?	1
but here are other matters to be dealt with .	1
stop !	1
no less?	1
it seems not .	1
he’s waiting outside .	1
romeo will answer the challenge .	1
great dunsinane he strongly fortifies .	1
do you note me ?	1
it did come to his hands ,  and commands shall be executed .	1
the man hasn’t done anything wrong .	1
o, now you weep, and i perceive you feel the dint of pity.	1
still ,  edmund was beloved .	1
but ,  othello ,  speak .	1
i saw bassanio sail away ,  and gratiano went with him .	1
so please, leave me alone now, and let the nurse sit up with you this night; for i am sure you have your hands full in this so sudden business.	1
yes ,  and his relative ,  too .	1
i am a villain .	1
i didn’t think you could be so angry.	1
well ,  i’ll end the song . —sirs ,  cover the while; the duke will drink under this tree . —he hath been all this day to look you .	1
lo ,  here i lie ,  never to rise again .	1
a man that all his time hath founded his good fortunes on your love, shared dangers with you— the handkerchief!	1
all right ,  then .	1
that skull had a tongue in it and could sing once .	1
will you have dinner with me tonight ,  casca ?	1
i feel a lot better after talking to this guy .	1
he is welcome too .	1
i did send to you for certain sums of gold, which you denied me, for i can raise no money by vile means.	1
but i know none ,  and therefore am no beast .	1
what my man say, when my soul was tossing and turning and i didn’t pay attention to him as we rode?	1
talk no more .	1
fight ,  sir !	1
o villain !	1
is your merry humor altered ?	1
good night to everyone.	1
petruchio ,  patience .	1
such welcome and unwelcome things at once are hard to reconcile .	1
my lord ?	1
tis much . —servants ,  leave me and her alone .	1
was not that letter from fair jessica ?	1
you say you’re a better soldier .	1
some say the lark makes sweet division in its songs; this isn’t true, because she divides us.	1
away !	1
the size of my sorrow must be as great as its source .	1
i remember.	1
ha ,  what sayest thou ?	1
much castigation ,  exercise devout ,  for here’s a young and sweating devil here ,  that commonly rebels .	1
get you to bed again, it is not day.	1
the count will be here soon with music ,  because he said he would .	1
ay, that he was.	1
in youth when i did love ,  did love ,  methought it was very sweet; to contract—o—the time for—a—my behove ,  o ,  methought there—a—was nothing—a meet .	1
he says that for brutus’s sake he finds himself indebted to us all .	1
there’s nothing more .	1
o my lord!	1
but ere we could arrive the point proposed ,  caesar cried ,   “ help me ,  cassius ,  or i sink !  ”  i ,  as aeneas ,  our great ancestor ,  did from the flames of troy upon his shoulder the old anchises bear ,  so from the waves of tiber did i the tired caesar .	1
o, the more angel she, and you the blacker devil!	1
news ,  old news ,  and such news as you never heard of !	1
my most dear lord !	1
she cursed hastings then .	1
then she has no choice but to hate you ,  as you purchased her love with murder .	1
it’s new to you.	1
therefore, for fear of the worst, i pray thee, set a deep glass of rhenish wine on the contrary casket; for, if the devil be within and that temptation without, i know he will choose it.	1
we’re talking here in a public place.	1
the gods do this in shame of cowardice.	1
are they like to take dust ,  like mistress mall’s picture ?	1
it’s right i should be used this way ,  very right .	1
risk everything for lead ?	1
as for myself ,  it was greek to me .	1
write to him from me—i’ll sign it—sending greetings and gentle good - byes .	1
amen ,  amen !	1
benvolio ,  who began this bloody fray ?	1
let him bless you too.	1
let the old ruffian discover that i have many other ways to die ,  and in the meantime ,  we’ll laugh at his challenge .	1
he hath .	1
he abandoned his friend here in an emergency ,  and even pretended he didn’t know him .	1
call you this  “ gamut ”  ?	1
hey ,  grumio !	1
am i your man ?	1
help, angels!	1
go back to bed .	1
and here am i ,  and wood within this wood ,  because i cannot meet my hermia .	1
captain macmorris ,  i beseech you now ,  will you voutsafe me ,  look you ,  a few disputations with you as partly touching or concerning the disciplines of the war ,  the roman wars ?	1
and so i shall catch the fly ,  your cousin ,  in the latter end and she must be blind too .	1
was he not companion with the riotous knights that tend upon my father ?	1
where that  “ sweetheart ”  said i was her husband !	1
none ,  man; all idle: whores and knaves .	1
i can’t believe you’re my son .	1
that  “ sort ”  was well fished for .	1
hence ,  mardian ,  and bring me how he takes my death .	1
i once did lend my body for his wealth ,  which but for him that had your husband’s ring had quite miscarried .	1
i would ,  if i had a mirror .	1
and look ,  here’s publius ,  come to fetch me .	1
who is it that cried?	1
look ,  when i vow ,  i weep .	1
you know we work by wit and not by witchcraft; and wit depends on slow time.	1
i didn’t love you.	1
i said your husband.	1
i will not trust you, i; nor longer stay in your curst company.	1
do you not see that i am out of breath ?	1
how did her eyes get so bright ?	1
his better doth not breathe upon the earth .	1
around nine o'clock ,  madam .	1
madam ,  it is ,  so you stand pleas'd withal .	1
every inordinate cup is unblest ,  and the ingredient is a devil .	1
to breastfeed fools and make a record of a little beer .	1
peter ,  didst ever see the like ?	1
i’ll have to do something courageous then ,  because i hate intrigue .	1
and from hence i go to make these doubts all even .	1
still am i called . —unhand me ,  gentlemen .	1
it’s even so true that we let our finger ache and it infects our other healthful members, even to the point of pain.	1
you will also confess ,  i’m sure ,  that you love me .	1
halfway down hangs one that gathers samphire—dreadful trade !	1
i thank you for this profit ,  and from hence i'll love no friend sith love breeds such offense .	1
how all the other passions fleet to air, as, doubtful thoughts, and rash-embrac'd despair, and shudd'ring fear, and green-eyed jealousy.	1
fellow grumio !	1
now mark him, he begins again to speak.	1
o you vile king ,  give me my father !	1
come on ,  sir andrew ,  there’s nothing you can do about it .	1
wilt thou show the whole wealth of thy wit in an instant?	1
help ,  ho !	1
do you put tricks upon ’s with savages and men of ind ,  ha ?	1
but fare you well .	1
your love says ,  like an honest gentleman ,  and a courteous ,  and a kind ,  and a handsome; and ,  i guarantee ,  a virtuous gentleman where is your mother ?	1
twas where you wooed the gentlewoman so well .	1
the morning is approaching .	1
i’ll give him my gray horse capilet if he forgets the whole thing .	1
ride ,  ride ,  messala ,  ride ,  and give these bills unto the legions on the other side .	1
henceforth i’ll bear affliction till it do cry out itself ,   “ enough ,  enough ,  ”  and die .	1
discern'st thou aught in that?	1
other women cloy the appetites they feed ,  but she makes hungry where most she satisfies ,  for vilest things become themselves in her ,  that the holy priests bless her when she is riggish .	1
lord!	1
he is indeed worthy of the name  “ horse ,  ”  and you can call all the rest beasts .	1
that's a fair thought to lie between maids' legs.	1
how do you, desdemona?	1
indeed ,  this counselor is now most still ,  most secret ,  and most grave ,  who was a foolish gabby rogue in life .	1
no, but swear it.	1
rather than see that happen, come, fate, into the arena, and fight for me to the death!	1
i beg you ,  emilia ,  go find out about cassio ,  where he had dinner tonight .	1
i shall keep the purpose of this good lesson as watchman to my heart .	1
here ,  drink to me .	1
most royal majesty ,  i crave no more than hath your highness offered .	1
give him a statue with his ancestors.	1
now comes the lusty blood up in your cheeks ,  they'll be bright red instantly at any news .	1
if i died right now i’d be completely happy ,  since i’ll probably never be as happy as this again in my life .	1
how ,  in stripping it bare ,  you invest more in it !	1
most heartily i beg the court to give the judgment.	1
o bloody richard !	1
sir ,  enter the castle .	1
two unlucky children of these enemy families become lovers and commit suicide .	1
iago beckons me; now he begins the story .	1
and will you give me permission?	1
see how she leans her cheek upon her hand .	1
meet we the medicine of the sickly weal, and with him pour we, in our country's purge, each drop of us.	1
don’t worry ,  i won’t .	1
by jesu, a very good blade!	1
take you some company ,  and away to horse .	1
yes ,  they’re spirits that i’ve called out of their prisons to perform my whims .	1
who's there?	1
villain ,  thou diest !	1
what do you mean ,  the seventh cause ?	1
will it eat me ?	1
brother ,  i’ll go and bring it thee .	1
tis safer to be that which we destroy than by destruction dwell in doubtful joy.	1
in rome ,  madam .	1
go ahead—rage till your proud heart breaks .	1
what’s the news ?	1
sola !	1
god’s my life ,  where’s the sexton ?	1
you shall have nothing but the penalty to be so taken at your own risk, jew.	1
here ,  thou incestuous ,  murderous ,  damned dane ,  drink off this potion !	1
almost as bad ,  good mother ,  as kill a king ,  and marry with his brother .	1
i am speechless .	1
well, sir.	1
i think so too .	1
news have i that my nell is dead i' th' spital of a malady of france ,  and there my rendezvous is quite cut off .	1
therefore, jew, though justice be thy plea, consider this— that in the course of justice, none of us should see salvation: we do pray for mercy; and that same prayer, doth teach us all to render the deeds of mercy.	1
go on ,  take them .	1
which of you all will now deny to dance ?	1
come, go we to the king; our power is ready; our lack is nothing but our leave.	1
o ,  lady ,  lady ,  shame would have it hid .	1
and i ,  most jocund ,  apt ,  and willingly ,  to do you rest ,  a thousand deaths would die .	1
by mary ,  sir ,  because silver has a sweet sound .	1
i will be here again, even with a thought.	1
how is the man esteemed here in the city ?	1
did a dragon ever keep so beautiful a cave ?	1
stir with the lark tomorrow ,  gentle norfolk .	1
i don’t like that.	1
now, by my maidenhead at twelve year old, i bade her come.	1
where have you been gadding?	1
who can tell me who i am ?	1
go ,  lad ,  and find out what the trumpet’s sounding for .	1
it doesn’t make either of us happy ,  i know .	1
what, banishment?	1
all right ,  stop this .	1
what if i didn’t go any farther, and chose right here?	1
you gave us a good false impression last night.	1
nay ,  as they dare .	1
the victim that smiles steals something from the thief; he robs himself that spends a unprofitable grief.	1
i have not scaped drowning to be afeard now of your four legs; for it hath been said, ‘as proper a man as ever went on four legs cannot make him give ground.’ and it shall be said so again, while stephano breathes at nostrils.	1
you, roderigo!	1
mine ear is much enamored of thy note; so is mine eye enthralled to thy shape; and thy fair virtue's force perforce doth move me ,  on the first view to say ,  to swear ,  i love thee .	1
still your fingers to your lips again?	1
poor bird !	1
the honest men .	1
to cut the default from that bankrupt there.	1
if the ill spirit have so fair a house ,  good things will strive to dwell with ’t .	1
how could i forget ,  my lord !	1
my soul ,  and not my child !	1
she was here just now .	1
you remember that time i sat on a big rock by the ocean, and heard a mermaid, on a dolphin's back, singing such a sweet and melodious song that the rough sea became calm when it heard it, and certain stars shot madly out of their orbits to hear the sea-maid's music?	1
his drugs work quickly .	1
therefore ,  out of my love to you ,  i came hither to acquaint you withal ,  that either you might stay him from his intendment or brook such disgrace well as he shall run into ,  in that it is a thing of his own search and altogether against my will .	1
peaseblossom .	1
my dearest cousin ,  i beg you ,  have patience yourself .	1
you wouldn’t tell a sick man he  “ seriously ”  has to make his will—it would just make him worse .	1
i don’t understand .	1
ay me !	1
if not ,  the fates with traitors do contrive .	1
farewell .	1
we haven’t yet encountered that danger ,  and the best thing to do is avoid it entirely .	1
i’m telling you all this out of affection for you ,  so you can either keep him from carrying out his plans or prepare to accept his disgrace ,  which will be his own fault ,  not mine .	1
why ,  dromio ?	1
well, my lord.	1
where art thou?	1
i didn’t kill lysander .	1
here is the will ,  and under caesar's seal .	1
lord, lord!	1
if i should take a displeasure against you, look you— thou wert but a lost monster.	1
has his largest ship lost, coming from tripolis.	1
i scorn you not .	1
in him your comfort lives .	1
lo, where it comes again!	1
am i on earth ,  in heaven ,  or in hell ?	1
we'll have a speech right now .	1
be patient until i finish .	1
no, my lord.	1
then, dreadful trumpet, sound the general doom!	1
i would they were ,  that i might die at once ,  for now they kill me with a living death .	1
even she: leonato’s hero ,  your hero ,  every man’s hero .	1
madman!	1
i did not ,  gentle husband ,  lock thee forth .	1
i’m going to go drown myself .	1
he holds me well .	1
his messengers are waiting here to take me to him immediately ,  on pressing state business .	1
he misses not much.	1
what treasure did he have ,  my lord ?	1
don’t worry about me .	1
i beg you, emilia, go find out about cassio, where he had dinner tonight.	1
the gates of mercy will be closed by then ,  and harsh and hard - hearted soldiers ,  who have tasted blood ,  will have free reign to commit whatever violence they want ,  mowing down your lovely young virgins and budding infants .	1
if, rather than to marry county paris, thou hast the strength of will to slay thyself, then is it likely thou wilt undertake a thing like death to chide away this shame, that cop’st with death himself to scape from it; and, if thou dar'st, i'll give thee remedy.	1
ah ,  good demetrius ,  will you give him to me ?	1
when our actions do not, our fears do make us traitors.	1
no, i do remember.	1
i’ll come see you right away .	1
better macbeth than such an one like me to reign over scotland .	1
o rude unthankfulness !	1
what villains did this to you ?	1
but let’s shake hands ,  menas .	1
this weaves itself perforce into my business .	1
villainous thoughts ,  roderigo !	1
why, 'tis found so.	1
o god ,  your only jig - maker .	1
antonius , — caesar ?	1
damn'd as thou art ,  thou hast enchanted her ,  for i'll refer me to all things of sense ,  if she in chains of magic were not bound ,  whether a maid so tender ,  fair ,  and happy ,  so opposite to marriage that she shunn'd the wealthy ,  curled darlings of our nation ,  would ever have ,  to incur a general mock ,  run from her guardage to the sooty bosom of such a thing as thou—to fear ,  not to delight .	1
but if you would think about the true cause ,  why all these fires ,  why all these gliding ghosts ,  why birds and beasts ,  from quality and kind; why old men ,  fools ,  and children think about it— why all these things change from their usual order ,  change their natures ,  and their normal events to monstrous disorder—why ,  you shall find that heaven has infused the lightening with these spirits ,  to make them instruments of fear and warning about some monstrous state .	1
statilius waved the torchlight at us ,  but he hasn’t come back .	1
the raven himself is hoarse that croaks the fatal entrance of duncan under my battlements.	1
he was the one who denounced his father .	1
farewell ,  king .	1
oh ,  let the heavens give him defense against the elements ,  for i have lost him on a dangerous sea .	1
seek !	1
you look happier already ,  and i’ll be back quickly .	1
a beast that wants discourse of reason would have mourn'd longer—married with my uncle, my father's brother, but no more like my father than i to hercules.	1
c’mon ,  i might as well say the fool’s the fool !	1
then do but say to me what i should do ,  that in your knowledge may by me be done ,  and i am prest unto it: therefore speak .	1
poor bird!	1
what time is it?	1
all i know is that staying up late is staying up late .	1
if i could welcome the fifth with as good a heart as i can bid the other four goodbye ,  i would be happy of his arrival; if he has the condition of a saint and the complexion of a devil ,  i would rather he heard my confession than marry me .	1
tis no less, i tell ye; for the bawdy hand of the dial is now upon the prick of noon.	1
couldn’t you take some opportunity without my giving you one?	1
past noon .	1
o murderous simpleton!	1
the watchdogs bark .	1
o ,  if thou wert the noblest of thy strain ,  young man ,  thou couldst not die more honorable .	1
either my eyesight fails ,  or thou look’st pale .	1
think, my lord!	1
but till that time i do receive your offer'd love like love ,  and will not wrong it .	1
pretty soul !	1
i will not shame myself to give you this .	1
pay him six thousand, and deface the bond; double six thousand, and then treble that, before a friend of this description shall lose a hair through bassanio's fault.	1
good father ,  i beseech you on my knees ,  hear me with patience but to speak a word .	1
you or any man living may be drunk at a time ,  man .	1
oh ,  what an excellent young man !	1
why ,  what is there to do before i get there ?	1
very suspicious .	1
so ,  fare you well at once ,  for brutus' tongue hath almost ended his life's history .	1
they are ,  my lord .	1
go to ,  go to; you have known what you should not .	1
for lawyers on vacation ,  because they sleep their holidays away ,  with no sense of how time moves .	1
my freedom .	1
mistress ,  both the man and his master are possessed .	1
these things seem small and murky ,  like far - off mountain tops turned into clouds .	1
nurse !	1
and lovers' absent hours, more tedious than the dial eight score times?	1
when it is lighted ,  come and call me here .	1
for i do know, the state, however this may gall him with some check, cannot with safety cast him; for he's embark'd with such loud reason to the cyprus' wars, which even now stands in act, that, for their souls, another of his fathom they have none to lead their business; in which regard, though i do hate him as i do hell-pains, yet for necessity of present life, i must show out a flag and sign of love, which is indeed but sign.	1
wilt break my heart ?	1
there is no more to say?	1
have you had lunch yet ?	1
none ,  but that ugly treason of mistrust ,  which makes me fear the enjoying of my love: there may as well be amity and life 'tween snow and fire ,  as treason and my love .	1
what’s that ?	1
it was of some nobility .	1
it’s all the same .	1
come ,  draw the curtain ,  nerissa .	1
you will  and what if he won’t stop ?	1
tears with seven times the salt ,  burn out the sight and truth of my eyes !	1
pronounce this sentence then women may fall when there's no strength in men.	1
it’s yours .	1
you are three men of sin ,  whom destiny ,  that hath to instrument this lower world and what is in't ,  the never - surfeited sea hath caused to belch up you ,  and on this island where man doth not inhabit ,  you ’mongst men being most unfit to live .	1
ha, ha, ha!	1
no; they were well at peace when i did leave them .	1
heaven me such uses send ,  not to pick bad from bad ,  but by bad mend !	1
i’ll do ’t ,  but it dislikes me .	1
i’ll tell you: it’s because of a law as plain as father time’s bald head .	1
but i say amen to everything she said .	1
ho !	1
tie him up like a thief and bring him here to me .	1
listen ,  clitus .	1
tis torture and not mercy .	1
therefore, from your many years of experience in these matters, give me some advice now, or, look, between my will to go the limit and me, this bloody knife shall play the umpire, deciding the problem that your many years’ experience could bring to an honorable resolution.	1
oh ,  let me remember what happened to hastings and hurry to	1
how shall we find the concord of this discord?	1
at different times)] listen, listen!	1
we’ll teach you to drink deep ere you depart .	1
enter the castle, sir.	1
the reasons for a second marriage are low respects of saving money ,  but not for love .	1
that it would please you leave these sad designs to him that hath more cause to be a mourner ,  and presently repair to crosby house ,  where ,  after i have solemnly interred at chertsey monast'ry this noble king and wet his grave with my repentant tears ,  i will with all expedient duty see you .	1
where do you look ?	1
do you make your living by playing that drum ?	1
if i have punished you too harshly, your payment makes up for it, because i have given you here a third of my own life, or the part for which i live, who, once again, i give to you.	1
is it your own inclin -  ing ?	1
you won it .	1
the more i pray ,  the less grace i have .	1
turn thy complexion there, patience, thou young and roselipp'd cherubin, ay, there, look grim as hell!	1
won’t he join us ?	1
and since our quarrel is with his future behavior ,  not what he does now ,  i must frame the argument like this: if his position is furthered ,  his character will fulfill these predictions .	1
i think it is very sultry and hot for my complexion.	1
but, remember— because that's my business to you,—that you three from milan replaced good prospero; exposed him and his innocent child to the sea, which has repaid it: for which evil deed, the powers, delaying but not forgetting, have angered the seas and shores, yes, all the creatures, against your peace of mind.	1
allow a good morning from a feeble tongue.	1
and now ,  octavius ,  listen great things .	1
read it, mark antony.	1
i thank thee ,  ariel .	1
wrong hath but wrong ,  and blame the due of blame .	1
do you know any ,  hero ?	1
now ,  by my mother’s son ,  and that’s me ,  it will be moon or star or whatever i want before i’ll travel to your father’s house .	1
it’s revolting !	1
if charnel houses and our graves must send those that we bury back, our monuments shall be the maws of kites.	1
sir ,  this report of his poisoned hamlet with envy that he couldn’t do anything but wish and beg your sudden coming over her to play with him .	1
me neither .	1
he will show me the part of heaven where the bachelors sit ,  and i’ll have fun there forever .	1
this visitation is only to sharpen your almost dull purpose .	1
we’ve all come out to see what will happen . —go ,  hercules !	1
you go down that way towards the capitol; i’ll go this way .	1
how are you ,  guildenstern ?	1
i'll tear her all to pieces.	1
who knows what the lord protector thinks ?	1
and i am brutus, marcus brutus, i; brutus, my country's friend; know me for brutus!	1
but it is his handwriting ?	1
if the common people didn’t applaud him and hiss at him ,  since he pleased and displeased them ,  as they used to do to the actors in the theatre ,  then i’m not really a man .	1
i see this has dashed your spirits a little.	1
speak ,  speak .	1
what was the last cry for ?	1
o antony, don’t beg your death from us!	1
what ,  gertrude ?	1
to this chair bind him . —villain ,  thou shalt find— by the kind gods ,  ’tis most ignobly done to pluck me by the beard .	1
nothing ,  messala .	1
it did ,  it did .	1
this same skull ,  sir ,  was yorick's skull ,  the king's jester .	1
i say unto thee ,  i bid thy master cutout the gown ,  but i did not bid him cut it to pieces .	1
this is venice; my house is not a grange .	1
well ,  sir .	1
come ,  and you can have a queen .	1
you may convey your pleasures in a spacious plenty, and yet seem cold, the time you may so deceive.	1
poor lady ,  she'll run mad when she misses it .	1
i'll see it is done.	1
go then ,  for 'tis in vain ‘to seek him here that means not to be found .	1
my only sin was loving you too much .	1
your words are idiotic .	1
this is a practise as full of labor as a wise man’s art ,  for folly that he wisely shows is fit .	1
go, hercules!	1
antony’s wife should have an army to escort her ,  with neighing horses to announce her arrival long before she appears .	1
i am glad this batch of would - be husbands are so reasonable; because there isn’t one of them that i am not foolishly in love with his very absence ,  and i pray god grant them a fair departure .	1
the citizens are up ,  and tybalt slain .	1
she is too fair, too wise, wisely too fair, to merit bliss by making me despair.	1
tell what you are.	1
with what addition?	1
these are bad omens ,  but i hope ,  i hope ,  they don’t predict my future .	1
o sad day!	1
my noble father ,  i do perceive here a divided duty .	1
here's a skull ,  now .	1
i won’t deny him anything of mine ,  including my own body and my husband’s bed .	1
past noon .	1
i gave him the stuff .	1
spoken like a brave man who respects his reputation .	1
a man named iago ,  the general’s ensign .	1
your wit is too courtly for me .	1
what is it that they do when they exchange us for others?	1
come ,  come ,  you are a fool ,  and turned into the extremity of love .	1
long live the king !	1
nor you ,  as we are ,  loyal .	1
despise me, if i do not.	1
o, treble woe fall ten times treble on that cursed head whose wicked deed thy most ingenious sense deprived thee of!	1
alas ,  thou hast misconstrued everything !	1
if we offend ,  it is with our good will .	1
but ,  in good sooth ,  are you he that hangs the verses on the trees wherein rosalind is so admired ?	1
those are the awakened father and his friends .	1
tomorrow, as he intends.	1
good night ,  good night .	1
oh ,  cassius ,  if you could only convince brutus to join us— don’t worry .	1
i humbly thank you, sir.	1
what is here?	1
portia ,  art thou gone ?	1
i met her deity cutting the clouds towards paphos ,  and her son dove - drawn with her .	1
if it’s not for an important purpose, give it back to me again.	1
bate ,  i beseech you ,  widow dido .	1
i know thee well enough .	1
what are you ?	1
awake, awake!	1
henceforth i never will be romeo .	1
see where she comes and brings your froward wives as prisoners to her womanly persuasion . — katherine ,  that cap of yours becomes you not .	1
you ever gentle gods ,  take my breath from me .	1
how now ,  my lord ?	1
a good persuasion; therefore, hear me, hermia.	1
i had to hurry to my love ,  beautiful helena ,  who lights up the night better than all those fiery stars .	1
tell me that .	1
alack ,  for pity !	1
why ,  now i see there's mettle in thee; and even from this instant do build on thee a better opinion than ever before .	1
here was a caesar!	1
yes?	1
monster ,  you fairy ,  which you say is a harmless fairy ,  has done little better than played the jack with us .	1
she never yet was foolish that was fair; for even her folly help'd her to an heir .	1
this man ,  with lanthorn ,  dog ,  and bush of thorn ,  presenteth moonshine; for ,  if you will know ,  by moonshine did these lovers think no scorn to meet at ninus' tomb ,  there ,  there to woo .	1
o ill - starred wench !	1
was ever book containing such vile matter so fairly bound?	1
this is as bad as the tortures of hell .	1
yes ,  good fool .	1
by my faith ,  he is very swift and sententious .	1
now, by heaven, my blood begins to rule my safer sense, and passion, having influenced my better judgment tries to lead the way.	1
if thou dost love fair hero ,  cherish it ,  and i will break with her and with her father ,  and thou shalt have her .	1
not in a grave to lay one in ,  and take another out .	1
you are keen, my lord, you are keen.	1
you know sometimes he walks for hours and hours here in the lobby .	1
to be honest ,  i don’t know why i’m so sad .	1
i will ,  my lord .	1
i wish you’d be patient .	1
anyone who says that is a lying piece of garbage .	1
trust me ,  i am glad on ’t .	1
seyton ,  send out .	1
good shepherd ,  tell this youth what ’tis to love .	1
not since widow dido's time .	1
i must eat my dinner .	1
rub his temples .	1
let the doors be locked.	1
tis double wrong to truant with your bed and let her read it in thy looks at board .	1
you haven’t said anything against the duke of cornwall ,  have you ?	1
tyrants themselves wept when they heard about it .	1
for whose sake did i that ill deed ?	1
then lay that sentence on me too ,  my lord .	1
teach it but how ,  and thou shalt see how apt it is to learn any hard lesson that may do thee good .	1
sir ,  he may still be alive .	1
that’s why your daughter and son - in - law are punishing me shamefully .	1
you are a saucy boy .	1
to get what you want ,  you need to get cassio out of the way .	1
well ,  go thy way .	1
is it gone?	1
what ,  not even to pray ?	1
if you prick us with a pin ,  don’t we bleed ?	1
you will to't, sir, really.	1
and you shall be satisfied .	1
you  but ,  uncle ,  we’re being disrespected .	1
the third part ,  then ,  is drunk .	1
what’s wrong, horatio?	1
since lion vile hath here deflower'd my dear; which is—no ,  no—which was the fairest dame that lived ,  that loved ,  that liked ,  that looked with cheer .	1
i'll re you, i'll fa you.	1
o, help, ho!	1
sir ,  i know i’m not a flatterer .	1
i am not stephano ,  but a cramp .	1
was this ambition?	1
all cooped up together ,  just as you ordered ,  all imprisoned in the grove of linden trees that protects your room from bad weather .	1
and fix'd his eyes upon you?	1
ah ,  but i know you .	1
i haven’t seen anything .	1
but quiet!	1
fulvia is dead .	1
if either of you knows any secret reason why you two should not be joined in marriage ,  i order you on your souls to say so .	1
i'll not expostulate with her, lest her body and beauty unprovide my mind again.	1
i swear, if i should live a thousand yeas, i never should forget it; 'won’t you, jule?	1
where’s my notebook ? —it’s a good idea for me to write down that one can smile and smile ,  and be a villain .	1
isn’t that he ?	1
i will ,  my hermia .	1
this blue - eyed hag was hither brought with child ,  and here was left by th’ sailors .	1
which is the merchant here ,  and which the jew ?	1
why ,  love ,  i say !	1
why ,  how should she be murdered ?	1
here comes the lady .	1
is thy news good ,  or bad ?	1
speak to her ,  hamlet .	1
call him, good mercutio.	1
o devil ,  devil !	1
tell me where you learned these strange things ,  and why you stop us at this desolate place with this prophetic greeting ?	1
dearly, my delicate ariel.	1
but who’s coming here?	1
the queen approaches .	1
oh ,  falsely ,  falsely murdered !	1
it is impossible you should see this were they as prime as goats ,  as hot as monkeys ,  as salt as wolves in pride ,  and fools as gross as ignorance made drunk .	1
what is the matter ,  my lord ?	1
yes ,  you would argue for a score of kingdoms ,  and i would call it fair play .	1
now get out of here !	1
how now ,  horatio ?	1
what dost thou think ?	1
the lieutenant tonight watches on the court of guard .	1
villain ,  not for thy life !	1
how many noblemen were killed in the battle you just fought ?	1
it was a sweet wedding, and we were doing so well on our return.	1
the gentleman insists on fighting a round with you ,  for the sake of his honor .	1
i’d rather be wooed by a snail .	1
who’s the ruler here ?	1
that’s where the patient must minister to himself .	1
dear god ,  thank you !	1
it is the lady that pyramus loves .	1
jesus ,  he’s an ass if there ever was one !	1
good morrow ,  good lieutenant .	1
my good friends ,  i’ll see you tomorrow .	1
hey, spirit!	1
messala !	1
o ,  let me kiss that hand !	1
reads] sweet bassanio, my ships have all reads] miscarried, my creditors grow cruel, my estate is very low, my bond to the jew is forfeit; and since, in paying it, it is impossible i should live, all debts are cleared between you and i, if i might but see you at my death; notwithstanding, use your pleasure: if your love do not persuade you to come, let not my letter.	1
i do but say what she is .	1
honest nurse ,  farewell .	1
no ,  we’ll all be there to go get him .	1
shylock, albeit i neither lend nor borrow, by taking, nor by giving of excess, yet, to supply the ripe wants of my friend, i'll break a custom:—is he yet possess'd how much you would?	1
shut up your doors .	1
are you content ,  jew ?	1
really ,  i’ll help .	1
good night ,  good brother .	1
tis very good; i must be circumstanced.	1
i wish i might only see that man again!	1
hell and night must bring this monstrous birth to the world's light.	1
then i will swear to kate and you to me ,  and may our oaths be faithfully kept and prove fortunate .	1
to what end did i bid thee hie thee home ?	1
he so impressed me, that i, through lies and tricks, didn’t waste time in finding out what he did.	1
yet ,  by your gracious patience ,  i will deliver a round truthful tale of my whole course of love ,  by what drugs ,  what charms ,  what invocation ,  and what mighty magic ,  because i am charged with such crimes ,  i won his daughter .	1
say, why is this?	1
i took thee for thy better .	1
thou shalt know the man by the athenian garments he hath on .	1
prison, my lord!	1
our fears of banquo stick deep ,  and there’s a lot to be afraid of in the royalty of his nature .	1
here is my journey’s end ,  here is my butt ,  and very sea - mark of my utmost sail .	1
both your majesties might ,  by the sovereign power you have of us ,  put your dread pleasures more into command than to entreaty .	1
your love’s name is rosalind ?	1
upon my life ,  my lord ,  i’ll do it .	1
do you agree that ferdinand must have drowned ?	1
come ,  love and health to all; then i'll sit down .	1
i would draw as soon as another man ,  if i see occasion in a good quarrel ,  and the law on my side .	1
i’ll do my best ,  madam .	1
many people ,  men and women alike .	1
i am locked in one of them .	1
so they think it’s a good idea for you to watch a play and direct your thoughts toward laughter and merriment—two strong preventive medicines that foster long life .	1
i have the motivation ,  the willpower ,  the ability ,  and the means to do it .	1
do you see that ?	1
speak your office .	1
though you untie the winds, and let them fight against the churches, though the roaring waves confuse sailors and sink ships, though corn on the cob be torn from its stalks, and trees blown down, though castles topple on their guards' heads, though palaces and pyramids bend their heads to their foundations, though the treasure of nature's buds tumble all together, even until destruction makes everything sick, answer the questions i ask you.	1
nobody but the fool ,  who’s trying to soothe the wounds in the king’s heart with jokes .	1
yet mark'd i where the bolt of cupid fell.	1
good laertes ,  if you desire to know the circumstances of your dear father's death ,  is it written in your revenge that ,  in the gambling ,  you will draw both friend and foe ,  winner and loser ?	1
now she’s gone forever . —cordelia ,  cordelia ,  stay a while .	1
oh yes—to smell  this is signor antonio .	1
we have engaged ourselves too far .	1
give me a taper!	1
my voice is ragged .	1
i don’t know what you mean by that ,  but i’m sure caesar fell down .	1
kill claudio .	1
tomorrow ,  before the sun shall see ’s ,  we’ll spill the blood that has today escaped .	1
that will kill our lovers .	1
don’t deny to him that you love me.	1
before me !	1
it is gone ,  and will not answer us .	1
say she be mute and will not speak a word; then i’ll commend her volubility ,  and say she uttereth piercing eloquence .	1
a man, young lady!	1
why ,  how now ,  kinsman ?	1
the rest aloof are the dardanian wives ,  with blearèd visages come forth to view the issue of th' exploit . —go ,  hercules !	1
i owe you a lot ,  and ,  like a willful youth ,  i have lost what i owe you ,  but if you will please lend me money in the identical way that you lent me the first money ,  i don’t doubt ,  as i’ll be more careful ,  to find both sums ,  or i’ll bring your second loan back again and just owe you thankfully for the first .	1
to suckle fools and chronicle small beer.	1
yonder sure they are coming .	1
there is a river in macedon ,  and there is likewise a river in monmouth .	1
i have not escaped drowning to be afraid now of your four legs; because it has been said, “as proper a man as ever went on four legs can’t make him give ground”: and it shall be said so again, while stephano still breathes through his nostrils.	1
he’ll but break a comparison or two on me ,  which ,  peradventure not marked or not laughed at ,  strikes him into melancholy ,  and then there’s a partridge wing saved ,  for the fool will eat no supper that night .	1
your head is as full of fights as an egg is full of yolk ,  but your head has been beaten like scrambled eggs from so much fighting .	1
no ,  coz ,  i rather weep .	1
because it is very easy to involve the listening desdemona in any honest pursuit.	1
indeed, my lord, you made me believe so.	1
please ,  my friend ,  give me all the news ,  both good and bad ,  at the same time .	1
even innocents cannot always escape disaster .	1
master ,  i’m all tied up for you .	1
if there come truth from them— as upon thee ,  macbeth ,  their speeches shine— why ,  by the verities on thee made good ,  may they not be my oracles as well ,  and set me up in hope ?	1
ay ,  caesar ,  but not gone .	1
fool !	1
how chances it they travel ?	1
but let me go to my fortune and the chests.	1
i wish i had two fool’s caps and two daughters .	1
my name is thidias .	1
on thursday, sir?	1
here come two noble beasts ,  a moon and a lion .	1
tell him i’ll take the leek out of his hat on saint davy’s day and slap his head with it .	1
go to .	1
will my daughter be a good musician ,  do you think ?	1
is your name shylock ?	1
they all fell asleep together ,  as if they all agreed; they dropped ,  as if hit by a thunder - stroke .	1
he’s a clown, but, as i say, proud to own dirt.	1
here i am .	1
no, my noble lord, it is not for you.	1
all but mariners plunged in the foaming brine and quit the vessel, then all afire with me: the king's son ferdinand, with hair up-staring—then like reeds, not hair— was the first man that leapt, cried, ’hell is empty, and all the devils are here.’ why, that's my spirit!	1
farewell .	1
oh ,  look !	1
go, go get fire.	1
we’re sitting ducks for the french ,  if they only knew it ,  for there is no one guarding it but boys .	1
he doesn’t lie like the living.	1
beauty's ensign yet is crimson in thy lips and in thy cheeks ,  and death's pale flag is not advanced there .	1
he shall do this ,  or else i do recant the pardon that i late pronouncèd here .	1
the ottomites, reverend and gracious, steering with due course toward the isle of rhodes, have there injointed them with an after fleet.	1
in ten days time ,  if you’re found within twenty miles of the court ,  you’ll die for it .	1
madam ,  good night .	1
thank you ,  and god bless you for your hospitality .	1
villainous thoughts ,  roderigo !	1
peace !	1
upon them !	1
he has a little galled me ,  i confess .	1
it is the wittiest partition that ever i heard discourse ,  my lord .	1
and a true lover of the holy church .	1
well, susan is with god; she was too good for me.	1
how long has he been in there?	1
if there is any one fit to govern, speak.	1
yes, and briefly.	1
where hast thou been, sister?	1
but ,  come what may ,  i do adore thee so that danger shall seem sport ,  and i will go .	1
did you say with cassio ?	1
how horrible !	1
an if thou could'st ,  thou could'st not make him live .	1
they would not have you to stir forth today .	1
what say you ?	1
o ,  that that earth ,  which kept the world in awe should patch a wall to expel the winter's flaw !	1
by god ,  your doors were locked and you were shut out .	1
o error, soon conceived, thou never comest unto a happy birth, but kill'st the mother that engender'd thee!	1
be fickle, fortune, for then i hope thou wilt not keep him long but send him back.	1
the lady stirs .	1
why ,  then all souls' day is my body’s doomsday .	1
don’t say anything else .	1
ay ,  my lord ,  this same .	1
two of both kinds makes four .	1
no doubt the murd'rous knife was dull and blunt till it was whetted on thy stone - hard heart ,  to revel in the entrails of my lambs .	1
oh ,  honey !	1
for me, poor man—my library was dukedom large enough: now he believes that i am incapable of performing my political duties; he makes an alliance,— he was so hungry for power,—with the king of naples to give naples annual protection money, pledge allegiance, surrender his small crown to naples’ crown, and bend the dukedom, which had never bowed before—alas, poor milan!— to most dishonorable bowing.	1
if i had the mind to think about all this ,  and if i lacked the mind to see that such a thing could happen ,  wouldn’t it make me sad ?	1
what trumpet is that same?	1
my honored lord !	1
wake up the moon goddess with a hymn !	1
no passage ?	1
but people often screw things up trying to make them better .	1
o notable strumpet !	1
despis'd, distressed, hated, martyr'd, kill'd!	1
as a friend .	1
did you just give us the finger, sir?	1
how is it with you, my lord?	1
stand directly in antony’s way ,  when he runs his course . —antony , — caesar ,  my lord ?	1
his life i gave him and did thereto add my love ,  without retention or restraint ,  all his in dedication .	1
where is the beauteous majesty of denmark ?	1
but silence; here comes thisbe.	1
his countenance likes me not .	1
do it ,  england ,  because ,  he rages like the pace of my blood ,  and you must cure me .	1
help!	1
i’ll be a harsh master to them .	1
i came hither to tell you; and ,  circumstances shortened ,  for she has been too long a - talking of ,  the lady is disloyal .	1
my words fly up, my thoughts remain below.	1
please ,  my lord ,  call her back .	1
signor bassanio !	1
high - day ,  freedom !	1
oh ,  that you bore the mind that i do ,  what a sleep were this for your advancement !	1
poor living corse ,  closed in a dead man’s tomb !	1
hear me out ,  my lord .	1
othello!	1
it shall not need .	1
adieu ,  noble agrippa .	1
and that you would have me to do?	1
or why you interrupt our journey on this blasted heath with such prophetic greeting ?	1
how now ?	1
let’s listen to the moon .	1
you aren’t wood, you aren’t stones, you are men; and, being men, hearing the will of caesar, it will inflame you; it will make you crazy.	1
pardon, my lord.	1
the will !	1
what touches us ourself shall be last served.	1
well, peace be with you, sir.	1
oh ,  life is full of surprises !	1
make your boasts come true ,  and i’ll be thrilled .	1
let him speak ,  my lord ,  upon his peril ,  that i have reserved to myself nothing .	1
do you love me ?	1
your face ,  my baron ,  is like a book where men may read strange matters .	1
then by all means never let her walk in public .	1
haply a woman’s voice may do some good ,  when articles too nicely urged be stood on .	1
hell and night must bring this monstrous birth to the world's light.	1
monsieur cobweb; good monsieur ,  get you your weapons in your hand and kill me a red - hipped humble - bee on the top of a thistle; and ,  good monsieur ,  bring me the honey - bag .	1
come ,  good sir ,  will you show me to this house ?	1
will you play on this pipe?	1
hark .	1
no ,  no ,  with god’s help ,  his son will be king .	1
you shall be lord of it ,  and i'll serve you .	1
what does she need ?	1
and ,  as i am an honest puck ,   if we have unearnèd luck  now to ’scape the serpent’s tongue ,   we will make amends ere long .	1
you may convey your pleasures in a spacious plenty and yet seem cold ,  the time you may so hoodwink .	1
to you your father should be as a god ,  a god that created your beauty ,  yes ,  and a god who sees you as a piece of wax that he has imprinted ,  and it is within his power to leave the wax as it is ,  or to disfigure it .	1
do not muse at me ,  my most worthy friends .	1
thou liest, thou shag-ear'd villain!	1
the what?	1
o my brother's child !	1
it won’t go on .	1
have you got eyes?	1
i have promissory notes from florence that i have to deliver .	1
stand, ho!	1
why ,  that same pale hard - hearted wench ,  that rosaline ,  torments him so ,  that he will sure run mad .	1
i know it well ,  sir .	1
i know the king and queen sent for you .	1
the messenger arrived on my watch and is unloading his mules at your tent .	1
and stay ,  good nurse .	1
it is true, very worthy signior; the duke's in council, and your noble self, i am sure, is sent for.	1
i wish i had a fault like that !	1
who is that they’re following ?	1
fathered he is ,  and yet he’s fatherless .	1
nay ,  an there were two such ,  we should have none shortly ,  for one would kill the other .	1
i’ve looked at many ladies with pleasure ,  and been	1
come, go with me apart; i will withdraw, to furnish me with some swift means of death for the fair devil.	1
twas yet some comfort when misery could beguile the tyrant’s rage and frustrate his proud will .	1
portia, what mean you?	1
tell me what you’ve done with the money i entrusted to you .	1
how is it now !	1
mercy but murders ,  pardoning those that kill .	1
the enemy comes on in gallant show .	1
what do you here?	1
if i do not love her ,  i am a jew .	1
you will do it ,  sir ,  really .	1
come ,  for the third ,  laertes .	1
thou art rash as fire ,  to say that she was false .	1
be a nice fool and help me find a candle and some paper .	1
and didn’t they put this wreath of victory on my brows, and told me to give it you?	1
stop ,  sir ,  for god’s sake !	1
and for three months .	1
tis very strange.	1
enough .	1
doth this news hold of good king edward’s death ?	1
are you a god ?	1
i’ll try to make myself worth your knowledge .	1
o ,  thou art wise; 'tis certain .	1
this ,  in obedience ,  hath my daughter shown me; and more above ,  hath his solicitings ,  as they fell out by time ,  by means ,  and place ,  all given to mine ear .	1
by jupiter ,  i swear  “ no .  ”  by juno ,  i swear  “ ay .  ”     they durst not do ’t .	1
thou need’st not to be gone .	1
about it .	1
revise your statement ,  or you may damage your inheritance .	1
oh ,  he is gone indeed .	1
but with a rear-ward following tybalt's death, ”romeo is banished.” to speak that word is father, mother, tybalt, romeo, juliet, all slain, all dead.	1
how satisfied ,  my lord ?	1
your lily - white lips ,  your cherry - red nose ,  and your buttercup - yellow cheeks are gone ,  gone forever .	1
but i have spoke with one that saw him die ,  who did report that very frankly he confessed his treasons ,  implored your highness' pardon ,  and set forth a deep repentance .	1
my countrymen—     peace ,  silence !	1
but screw your courage to the sticking-place, and we'll not fail.	1
take thy fair hour ,  laertes .	1
prithee ,  keep up thy quillets .	1
words, words, words.	1
that means it’s high time for me to go .	1
they would be better if well followed .	1
give ear ,  sir ,  to my sister .	1
what was ’t that moved pale cassius to conspire ?	1
i cannot believe that in her; she's full of most blest condition.	1
ready.	1
nature is fine in love ,  and where 'tis fine ,  it sends some precious instance of itself after the thing it loves .	1
and did you see the handkerchief ?	1
this accident is not unlike my dream ,  belief of it oppresses me already .	1
to supper ?	1
do not answer me .	1
how shall i know thee again ?	1
abominable villain !	1
o my dear brother!	1
here ,  sir !	1
give me your hand .	1
i must be one of these silent so - called wise men gratiano’s talking about ,  because he never lets me get a word in .	1
you have often begun to tell me what i am, but stopped and left me to a bootless inquisition, concluding ‘stay, not yet.’ the hour's now come; the very minute bids thee ope thine ear, obey, and be attentive.	1
yes ,  and she was mild too .	1
but do you hear ,  sir ,  have you married my daughter without asking my goodwill ?	1
but i have a sinking feeling anyway .	1
methinks it sounds a parley to provocation.	1
if arguing makes us sweat, the proof of it will turn to redder drops.	1
o pomfret ,  pomfret !	1
i'll rather kill myself.	1
o any thing, of nothing first create!	1
o ,  is that all ?	1
whither are you going?	1
but if it be a sin to covet honor ,  i am the most offending soul alive .	1
he’s now in florence .	1
if you choose the one that contains my picture ,  we’ll be married right away .	1
come, i'll go in with you.	1
how long within this wood intend you stay ?	1
i know him well.	1
you couldn’t find a third like these two unless the devil himself turned into a jew .	1
faith, i must; she'll rail i' the street else.	1
the moon sleeps with endymion, and would not be awak'd.	1
you shall find me easy enough for that ,  sir ,  if you will give me the opportunity .	1
i will ,  my lord .	1
alas, poor country, almost afraid to know itself!	1
yes ,  my lord .	1
it is monstrous.	1
what’s your will ?	1
my dear master ,  my captain ,  my sovereign ,  let me say before i strike this fatal blow: farewell .	1
you yourself shall see the law; because, as you insist on justice, be assured you shall have justice, more than you desire.	1
let’s do it .	1
at full speed, at full speed; or i'll cry a match.	1
when a wise man gives thee better counsel ,  give me mine again .	1
this ensign of mine here was turning back; i killed the coward and took it from him.	1
dear kate ,  you and i cannot be confined within the weak list of a country’s fashion .	1
make the rope of his hanging our rope for the anchor, because the one we have now does us little good!	1
not me ,  believe me .	1
what use is mercy except to confront the face of offense ?	1
are you my son ?	1
marry ,  sir ,  they have committed false report; moreover ,  they have spoken untruths; secondarily ,  they are slanders; sixth and lastly ,  they have belied a lady; thirdly ,  they have verified unjust things; and ,  to conclude ,  they are lying knaves .	1
to ariel] thou shalt be free [to ariel] thou shalt be free as mountain winds; but then exactly do all points of my command.	1
yea ,  the same .	1
show me the caskets and let me try my luck .	1
farewell ,  my coz .	1
she hath not seen the change of fourteen years .	1
i’ll be crippled forever !	1
a surgeon!	1
of him ,  sir .	1
dost thou prate ,  rogue ?	1
plantagenet .	1
come, sir, dispatch.	1
cassio ,  do you know who might have stabbed you like this ?	1
i’ll never see it .	1
this used to be a great puzzle ,  but now i’ve solved it .	1
probably because my cousin the villain would have killed my husband .	1
yes ,  with the sign underneath him that says:  “ here lives benedick the married man ”  ?	1
how ?	1
even as a flatt'ring dream or worthless fancy .	1
it's the wind .	1
oh, excellent young man!	1
heaven bless us!	1
how can it seem like i’m making fun of you ,  when my tears prove that i’m sincere ?	1
you rogue !	1
fairies ,  let’s go .	1
damn her, lewd minx!	1
mass ,  i cannot tell .	1
ye gods ,  it doth amaze me a man of such a feeble temper should so get the start of the majestic world and bear the palm alone .	1
i have told thee often, and i retell thee again and again, i hate the moor.	1
my master said it .	1
sweet desdemona !	1
flies are like free men ,  but i have been banished .	1
here comes the good macduff .	1
monster ,  use your fingers .	1
sleep thou, and i will wind thee in my arms.	1
i kiss his dirty shoe ,  and from heartstring i love the lovely bully .	1
just imagine some lady might exist who loves you as powerfully and agonizingly as you love olivia .	1
each new morn new widows howl ,  new orphans cry ,  new sorrows strike heaven on the face ,  that it resounds as if it felt with scotland and yell'd out like syllable of dolor .	1
possess them not with fear .	1
thou speak'st with all thy wit, and yet, i’ faith, with wit enough for thee.	1
you talk to him ,  ma'am .	1
o, so light a foot will ne'er wear out the everlasting flint.	1
who is so firm ,  so constant ,  that this noisy disturbance would not infect his sanity ?	1
but yet the pity of it, iago!	1
whose noise is this that ones on murder ?	1
i’ll listen to brutus .	1
that is the voice ,  or i am much deceiv'd ,  of portia .	1
he gives you upon his knees a thousand thanks ,  and he esteems himself happy that he hath fall'n into the hands of one ,  as he thinks ,  the most brave ,  valorous ,  and thrice -  worthy seigneur of england .	1
he wore his beaver up .	1
you gave that handkerchief ,  the one i loved and gave to you ,  to cassio .	1
be changeable, luck, because then, i hope, you won’t keep him long, but send him back to me.	1
and mustardseed!	1
this only is the witchcraft i have used .	1
my lord ,  my lord !	1
i charge you, get you home.	1
meet with the ambassadors .	1
show me briefly how .	1
but what praise could you bestow on a deserving woman indeed ,  one that ,  in the authority of her merit ,  rightly wore the witnessing of very malice itself ?	1
my life were better ended by their hate than death postponed, wanting your love.	1
i sell thee poison; thou hast sold me none.	1
when you were wooing desdemona ,  did michael cassio know about it ?	1
let’s lack no discipline ,  make no delay ,  for ,  lords ,  tomorrow is a busy day .	1
sir ,  your age and status inspire more respect than your weapons do .	1
i humbly thank you ,  sir .	1
i’ll beat him until the welts look like basket - weave !	1
excuse me ?	1
she flirted with the messenger boy to exasperate you ,  fire up your passions ,  and make you angry and jealous .	1
oh ,  no question—it won’t style itself .	1
i can’t remember how i cried then ,  but i’ll cry all over again .	1
she’s calling out my name as if i were a bullet murdering her ,  just like i murdered her relative .	1
go thy ways to a nunnery .	1
yes ,  boy .	1
is there more work to do ?	1
now i see that all three of them have gotten together to play this cruel trick on me .	1
who’s there !	1
this dagger has been mistaken ,  for ,  behold ,  his empty case is on the back of montague ,  and it’s misplaced in my daughter's bosom !	1
ay ,  for the state ,  not for antonio .	1
and yet no further than a wanton’s bird ,  that lets it hop a little from his hand like a poor prisoner in his twisted gyves ,  and with a silken thread plucks it back again ,  so loving - jealous of his liberty .	1
whate’er becomes of me ,  this is a soldier’s kiss .	1
peace !	1
tis good you know not that you are his heirs ,  for if you should ,  o ,  what would come of it !	1
repent not you that you shall lose your friend, and he repents not that he pays your debt; for, if the jew do cut but deep enough, i'll pay it instantly with all my heart.	1
brutus ,  my country’s friend .	1
let a beast be lord of beasts ,  and his cattle shall stand at the king's dinner table .	1
and i am sick when i look not on you .	1
what additional sorrow conspires against my old age?	1
this is dear mercy ,  and thou seest it not .	1
i never saw it or suspected it ,  so it never hurt me .	1
be patient with him ,  brutus .	1
give me thy hand .	1
but where is he?	1
go to ,  go to . —come hither ,  sir .	1
i remember the first time caesar ever put it on .	1
no ,  no ,  he’s gone .	1
i’m sorry they offend you ,  heartily ,  yes ,  indeed ,  heartily .	1
and now you know my meaning .	1
upon my sword .	1
nym ,  what you say is true .	1
don’t let them know fear .	1
i think it’s important .	1
i shall ,  my lord .	1
i had thought to have let in some of all professions, that go the primrose way to the everlasting bonfire.	1
my lord ,  from head to foot .	1
how can that be, unless she drowned herself in her own defense?	1
go inside, and tell my mother that i’m going to lawrence' cell to make confession and be forgiven because i’ve made my father so angry.	1
that’s too bad ,  because i spent a long time memorizing it ,  and it’s poetic .	1
this night .	1
fight, sir!	1
is my lord well ,  that he doth speak so wide ?	1
my lord ,  your nobles ,  jealous of your absence ,  seek through your camp to find you .	1
no; they were well at peace when i did leave ’em .	1
put on a happy face ,  and welcome your friends .	1
good.	1
it won’t be long before i’m back .	1
well then ,  confess and live .	1
nurse ,  come back again; i have remember'd me ,  thou shalt hear our counsel .	1
good shining ,  moon ! —really ,  the moon shines very well .	1
would you take it away ?	1
wolvish-ravening lamb!	1
i wear it with pride ,  for i am welsh you know ,  good countryman .	1
i have words to speak into your ear will make you speechless, but are they much too light for the heart of the matter.	1
nay ,  that’s not your way .	1
where is metellus cimber ?	1
you get your money’s worth of sleep now.	1
o scotland ,  scotland !	1
o god!	1
do not run away .	1
oh yes ,  sir ,  i have often been to pisa—pisa ,  city of wise men .	1
my wife was killed too ?	1
well ,  the tree bears rotten fruit .	1
how ,  in stripping it ,  you more invest it !	1
i’ll get some cloth and egg whites to bandage his bleeding face .	1
you shall be my lieutenant, monster, or my main officer.	1
consider.	1
let them be hunted soundly.	1
that island of england breeds very valiant creatures .	1
may i be bold to think these spirits ?	1
sir ,  i cannot .	1
i did ,  my lord .	1
nay ,  stay .	1
if i do it, let the audience look to their eyes; i will move storms; i will condole in some measure.	1
let him do his worse .	1
i know that we shall have him well to friend.	1
my darling ,  when i gave my love to you ,  i told you that all the wealth i had ran within my veins—that i have noble blood ,  but no money .	1
what dost thou mean by this ?	1
i'll be with thee betimes.	1
fears and scruples shake us .	1
but, alas the while!	1
these time ambles withal .	1
good night .	1
does any one know if donalbain be with his brother?	1
by nine o'clock .	1
i will physic your rankness and yet give no thousand crowns neither . —holla ,  dennis !	1
it is concluded: banquo ,  thy soul's flight ,  if it find heaven ,  must find it out tonight .	1
then the world is one .	1
not i; unless the breath of heartsick groans ,  mist - like infold me from the search of eyes .	1
how can watch them?	1
well said.	1
how’s that ?	1
well ,  should we head to the tower ?	1
didst not mark that ?	1
if it pleases you ,  something touching the lord hamlet .	1
stay ,  though you kill me ,  sweet demetrius .	1
despised ,  distressed ,  hated ,  martyred ,  killed !	1
what thou seest when thou dost wake ,  do it for thy true love take .	1
are you all good and honest men ?	1
he has one ship bound for tripoli ,  another heading for the indies .	1
death lies on her like an untimely frost on the sweetest flower in all the fields .	1
gertrude ,  don’t drink .	1
i could make the same boast even if i had a pig as my mistress .	1
i do not know ,  my lord ,  what i should think .	1
such love must be treason in my breast .	1
here's such a coil!	1
o bosom black as death !	1
i am your own forever .	1
i can get the better of religion and a few flimsy vows between a misguided barbarian and a depraved venetian girl .	1
gravestones have been known to move ,  and trees to speak ,  to bring guilty men to justice .	1
what conquest does he bring home?	1
let some of my people have a special care of him .	1
we'll bring him to his house with shouts and clamors .	1
in love?	1
now gather, and surmise.	1
you are in the right .	1
sweets to the sweet!	1
of all men else i have avoided you .	1
i will have none on't .	1
pull out your sword when i do: and when i raise my hand, you do the same, so that it falls on gonzalo.	1
what are you  nothing .	1
i say ,  o caesar ,  antony is dead .	1
i can tell that you don’t know who i am .	1
it’s a sweet lozenge that you choke on .	1
keep your voice down .	1
did these bones cost no more the breeding, but to play at loggets with 'em?	1
the king is coming .	1
good portia ,  go to bed .	1
madam !	1
let go of it !	1
go away; i'll send for you soon.	1
i shall desire you of more acquaintance, good master cobweb.	1
come ,  sweet nymphs ,  and help us celebrate the wedding of two true lovers .	1
what ,  my lord ?	1
why are you knocking so hard ?	1
come ,  come with me ,  and we will make short work .	1
swear not by time to come ,  for that thou hast misused ere used ,  by times ill - used o'erpast .	1
your false uncle— are you listening to me ?	1
her name is katherina minola ,  famous throughout padua for her scolding tongue .	1
macbeth.	1
but in loving me ,  you would love the friend of france ,  for i love france so much that i will not part with a single village of it .	1
they swore that you were nearly dead with love for me .	1
come here ,  boy .	1
in apprehension how like a god !	1
tonight in harfleur we will be your guest; tomorrow we’ll march on .	1
where did you die ?	1
good night ,  honest iago .	1
you’ll work for me .	1
you slander her ,  you devil .	1
hero thinks beatrice will surely die ,  for she says she’ll die if he doesn’t love her ,  and that she’ll die before she tells him ,  and she’ll die if he woos her and she’s made to hold back even one of her usual insults .	1
i will .	1
out upon her !	1
then our beggars are bodies ,  and our monarchs and outstretched heroes are the beggars' shadows .	1
but both of these were put off by elizabeth grey ,  a careworn mother of many children who had once been a beauty but was now a stressed - out widow long past her prime .	1
the duke of exeter has very gallantly maintained the pridge .	1
again !	1
and as king i’ll love you forever .	1
i do see a kind of hope ,  which requires a plan as desperate as that event we want to prevent .	1
and now ,  good friends ,  as you are friends ,  scholars ,  and soldiers ,  give me one poor request .	1
you’ll get revenge later .	1
i pause for a reply.	1
and then he offered it the third time; he put it the third time by; and still as he refused it, the rabblement hooted and clapped their chopped hands and threw up their sweaty nightcaps and uttered such a deal of stinking breath because caesar refused the crown, that it had almost choked caesar, for he swounded and fell down at it.	1
where did you get that cowardly look?	1
go on, and see whether brutus be alive or dead, and bring us word unto octavius' tent how every thing is chanced.	1
there's not a nobler man in rome than antony .	1
very like; one of them is a plain fish ,  and no doubt marketable .	1
do not deny to him that you love me .	1
i think he must have turned into an animal ,  because i can’t find him anywhere looking like a man .	1
you rise to play and go to bed to work .	1
i have it here about me .	1
well ,  what do you guess ?	1
pooh !	1
when i opened my eyes ,  i saw their swords out .	1
therefore make space enough between you .	1
sweet ,  sweet ,  sweet nurse ,  tell me ,  what does my love say ?	1
goodbye ,  then .	1
we have not yet set down this day of triumph .	1
alack, for pity!	1
oh ,  fie upon thee ,  strumpet !	1
you'll be the man !	1
then don’t tell me not to sleep by your side ,  because in sleeping near you ,  hermia ,  i do not lie .	1
good idea .	1
and you called the fairy creature harmless ,  monster .	1
take it easy !	1
and let’s swear our determination .	1
is he in his royal garments ?	1
i think he told me paris should have married juliet.	1
her heart is carrying a heavy weight .	1
this is venice; my house is not a grange.	1
this is dear mercy, and you don’t see it.	1
why, love, i say!	1
i don’t like what you’re asking me to do .	1
it is not very strange ,  for my uncle is king of denmark ,  and those that would make faces at him while my father lived ,  paid twenty ,  forty ,  fifty ,  a hundred ducats each for a little picture of him .	1
freedom, high day!	1
while we were interchanging thrusts and blows ,  came more and more and fought on part and part ,  till the prince came ,  who parted either part .	1
and ,  sister ,  as the winds give benefit and convey is assistant ,  do not sleep ,  but let me hear from you .	1
the very same .	1
and the more pity that great folk should have countenance in this world to drown or hang themselves more than their even christian .	1
ere the bat hath flown his cloister'd flight; ere to black hecate's summons the shard - borne beetle with his drowsy hums hath rung night's yawning peal ,  there shall be done a deed of dreadful note .	1
this it is: 'tis better that the enemy seek us .	1
so he does indeed .	1
oh ,  poor romeo !	1
strangle her in her bed ,  the same bed she’s contaminated .	1
i'll keep my oath, patiently to bear my wroth.	1
tell me, good my friend, what torch is yond that vainly lends his light to grubs and eyeless skulls?	1
tell us the manner of it, gentle casca.	1
that’s very true ,  my lord .	1
tut ,  fear not me .	1
well then ,  improve your situation with a show of courage .	1
no ,  sir .	1
none ,  my lord ,  but that the world's grown honest .	1
don’t you hope your children shall be kings, when those things that gave the baron of cawdor to me promised no less to your children?	1
say, if you would rather hear it from our mouths, or from our masters’?	1
i have come here to bury caesar ,  not to praise him .	1
ay, darn it, you must because you must understand he only goes to see a noise that he heard, and will come again.	1
it came even from the heart of—oh ,  she’s dead !	1
fare thee well .	1
what ,  art thou afraid ?	1
o heaven !	1
yet have i left a daughter .	1
aren’t you the guy that scares the maidens of the village; skims cream from milk ,  and sometimes works the churn ,  and ,  bootless ,  makes the breathless housewife churn even harder; and sometimes makes the drink so that it doesn’t have a yeasty foam; misleads wanderers who are out at night ,  laughing at their getting lost ?	1
come, come away!	1
the fellow has good judgment .	1
if it assume my noble father's person, i'll speak to it, though hell itself should gape and bid me hold my peace.	1
has romeo killed himself ?	1
i won’t trouble you yet with questions about your situation . —some music ,  please ,  and ,  good friend ,  sing .	1
i can tell you; but young romeo will be older when you have found him than he was when you sought him.	1
and so every slave has in his own hand the power to cancel his captivity .	1
what’s all that shouting about ?	1
are you still so cruel ?	1
excellent .	1
an englishman ?	1
he hath lost his fellows ,  and strays about to find ’em i might call him a thing divine ,  for nothing natural i ever saw so noble .	1
a bird of my tongue is better than a beast of yours .	1
puppet ”  ?	1
didn’t i meet your friends?	1
i will never be exhibited as lucky caesar’s prize .	1
supper is done, and we shall come too late.	1
hail!	1
our reasons are so full of good regard that were you ,  antony ,  the son of caesar ,  you should be satisfied .	1
i will ,  caesar .	1
hazard for lead ?	1
pray heaven it be state matters ,  as you think ,  and no conception nor no jealous toy concerning you .	1
get thee to bed ,  francisco .	1
a dream itself is but a shadow .	1
my father's spirit in arms !	1
where do you come from ?	1
my dream told me that dreamers often lie .	1
all right ,  you’ve had your say ,  but we’ll let the forest judge whether or not you spoke wisely .	1
right ,  and well said .	1
night hangs on my eyes; my bones that have only labored to attain this hour want to rest .	1
the sea ,  with such a storm as his bare head in hell - black night endured ,  would have buoyed up ,  and quenched the stellèd fires .	1
romeo .	1
what news ?	1
i have night's cloak to hide me from their eyes; and but thou love me ,  let them find me here .	1
that’s the right answer—it shows your love .	1
it doesn’t matter how i am: he hurt me ,  and that’s that .	1
arise, black vengeance, from thy hollow cell!	1
one knocks .	1
come ,  good sir ,  will you show me to this house ?	1
look to the lady .	1
this honest creature doubtless sees and knows more ,  much more ,  than he unfolds .	1
have my brother - in - law’s troops been mobilized ?	1
seek to know no more .	1
young gentleman ,  your spirits are too bold for your years .	1
they’re on the march .	1
lysander ,  if you live ,  good sir ,  awake .	1
that’s a deal .	1
but in my terms of honor i hold back, and will make no reconciliation until, by some elder masters of known honor, i have a voice and precedent of peace to keep my name unbloody.	1
when she was a little chatterbox ,  o ,  there's a nobleman in town ,  one paris ,  that would gladly like her attention; but she ,  good soul ,  would rather see a toad ,  a very toad ,  than to see him .	1
the king my father?	1
you men of cyprus ,  bend your knees .	1
take him away .	1
though birnam wood be come to dunsinane ,  and thou opposed ,  being of no woman born ,  yet i will try the last .	1
follow her .	1
then go to work.	1
she says enough; yet she's a simple bawd that cannot say as much.	1
but action speaks louder than words ,  so i’ll cut short these polite words .	1
thy husband .	1
you will .	1
that were a kind of bastard hope ,  indeed; so ,  the sins of my mother should be visited upon me .	1
but i’m sorry i’ve blurted all this out .	1
he’s a marvelously witty fellow ,  no doubt ,  but i’ll outmaneuver him . —come over here; i’ll whisper a word in your ear .	1
o horror, horror, horror!	1
o ,  there are actors that i have seen perform and heard others praise ,  and highly too ,  not to speak too harshly ,  that ,  having neither the accent of christians ,  nor the walk of a christian ,  a pagan ,  or a man ,  have so strutted and yelled that i have thought some of nature's hired help had made them and not made them well ,  they imitated mankind so dreadfully .	1
pray you now ,  forget and forgive .	1
clouds ,  dissolve into rain ,  so that i could say the gods themselves are weeping !	1
what then ?	1
yes, i did; but she was only being polite.	1
follow me close ,  for i will speak to them .	1
you would say so ,  master ,  if your garments were thin .	1
yes ,  sir ,  that soaks up the king's face ,  his rewards ,  his authorities .	1
oh sir ,  i accept .	1
i have so often blushed to acknowledge him that now i am brazed to it .	1
i’ve been stripped of everything ,  betrayed .	1
the manner of their deaths ?	1
what’s the matter with you now ?	1
and died from that?	1
approach ,  my ariel; come !	1
soft!	1
what say'st thou?	1
what, urge you your petitions in the street?	1
all the charms of sycorax ,  toads ,  beetles ,  bats ,  light on you !	1
and so it is ,  truly ,  and very notably discharged .	1
i’m glad to hear it .	1
thy gown ?	1
brutus has torn my heart .	1
lysander’s love ,  that would not let him bide ,  fair helena ,  who more engilds the night than all yon fiery oes and eyes of light .	1
through athens i am thought as fair as she.	1
you couldn’t find out anything about them ?	1
good friend ,  go to him ,  for by this light of heaven ,  i know not how i lost him .	1
fare thee well awhile .	1
i’ll in to counsel them .	1
the one i gave you .	1
our reasons are so full of good regard that were you, antony, the son of caesar, you should be satisfied.	1
in that case ,  leave our cousin katherine here with us .	1
i dreamt there was an emperor antony .	1
but in respect of that ,  i would fain think it were not .	1
no, if there were two such fellows, we should have none shortly, because one would kill the other.	1
take me with you, take me with you, wife.	1
shylock, the world thinks, and i think so too, that thou but lead'st this fashion of thy malice to the last hour of act; and then, 'tis thought thou'lt show thy mercy and remorse, more strange than is thy strange apparent cruelty: and where thou now exact'st the penalty, (which is a pound of this poor merchant's flesh,) thou wilt not only loose the forfeiture, but, touch'd with human gentleness and love, forgive a moiety of the principal; glancing an eye of pity on his losses, that have of late so huddled on his back, enough to press a royal merchant down, and pluck commiseration of his state from brassy bosoms, and rough hearts of flint, from stubborn turks and tartars, never train'd to offices of tender courtesy.	1
if you have any pity ,  grace ,  or manners ,  you would not make me such an argument .	1
aside] fair meeting of two most rare loves !	1
on record ,  my gracious lord .	1
what’s the name of the play?	1
what a pied ninny’s this ! —thou scurvy patch ! — i do beseech thy greatness ,  give him blows and take his bottle from him .	1
it’s not good for your peace or your wellbeing, or for my manhood, honesty, or wisdom to let you know my thoughts.	1
fear not my government .	1
and in part him ,  but ,  ”  you may say ,   “ not well .	1
ha ,  it may be i go under that title because i am merry .	1
come .	1
all three now marry in an instant .	1
i didn’t hear anything ,  madam .	1
he knows not yet of his honorable fortune .	1
how happy can some other “other” be!	1
get out ,  tawny barbarian ,  out !	1
hortensio ,  to what end are all these words ?	1
i’m glad about that .	1
james tyrrel—and your most obedient subject .	1
come with me to see the duchess .	1
why, then the poles never will defend it.	1
our queen and all our elves come here anon .	1
he hath been most notoriously abused .	1
thou dost conspire against thy friend, iago, if thou but think'st him wrong'd and makest his ear a stranger to thy thoughts.	1
gilded tombs do worms enfold .	1
take comfort: he no more shall see my face; lysander and myself will fly this place .	1
no, not for all the world.	1
my worthy cawdor !	1
i am the man .	1
well ,  jessica ,  go in .	1
she’s a fine woman ,  all right .	1
of what your reverence shall incite us to .	1
good counsel ,  marry .	1
i can tell by how pale and deathlike they look .	1
i have a daughter ,  have while she is mine ,  who ,  in her duty and obedience ,  listen ,  has given me this .	1
worthy montano ,  you were inclined to be civil; the world has marked he gravity and stillness of your youth and your name is great in mouths of wisest respect .	1
i will ,  my liege .	1
if we only find the tyrant's forces tonight ,  let us be beaten if we cannot fight .	1
i will .	1
in this last tempest .	1
you’re smiling ?	1
but tell me honestly ,  are you sure you’re not insane ?	1
this broken joint between you and her husband entreat her to splinter ,  and ,  my fortunes against any lay worth naming ,  this crack of your love shall grow stronger than it was before .	1
faith ,  i saw it not ,  but i felt it hot in her breath .	1
swear .	1
what, ho, brabantio!	1
what of that?	1
i will be hanged, if some eternal villain, some busy and insinuating rogue, some scheming, lying slave, to get some job, hasn’t made up this slander, or else, i'll be hanged.	1
one servant cried ,   “ god bless us !  ”  and the other replied ,   “ amen ,  ”  as if they had seen my bloody hands .	1
sir ,  would she give you so much of her lips as of her tongue she oft bestows on me ,  you’ll have enough .	1
i wish you could tell him i saved his brother .	1
my fan ,  peter .	1
content .	1
thanks ,  courteous wall .	1
i humbly thank your ladyship .	1
now, sir, judge it for yourself whether or i am better suited in any beautiful terms to love the moor.	1
despised substance of the most divine show !	1
if i grow here in your favor ,  the harvest is yours .	1
alas, he's mad!	1
well, again!	1
o ,  look ,  titinius ,  look ,  the villains fly !	1
where’s the king ?	1
a guy like that is bigger than an ape ,  but the ape could be his doctor ,  it’s so much smarter .	1
ay .	1
if we lose ,  what do you plan to do ?	1
then is courtesy a turncoat .	1
my friend ,  thy husband ,  honest ,  honest iago .	1
if you love me ,  let me know by smiling at me .	1
then fate overrules me ,  that ,  as one man keeping his promise ,  a million fail in keeping theirs ,  confusing oath on oath .	1
give me your hand; conduct me to mine host .	1
are you some god ,  some angel ,  or some devil ,  that makes my blood cold and my hair to stand on end ?	1
kind souls ,  what weep you when you but behold our caesar's vesture wounded ?	1
you have made me offer of sicily ,  sardinia .	1
while we reason here ,  a royal battle might be won and lost .	1
to his good friends thus wide i'll ope my arms and, like the kind life-rendering pelican, repast them with my blood.	1
thank you for that joke .	1
tis a knavish piece of work; but what o' that ?	1
here he comes .	1
i have ever held my cap off to thy fortunes .	1
being thus benetted round with villainies— or i could make a prologue to my brains, they had begun the play—i sat me down, devised a new commission, wrote it fair.	1
take up the bodies .	1
it astounds me that such a weak man could beat the whole world and carry the trophy of victory alone .	1
demetrius loves her ,  and he doesn’t love you .	1
no man must know .  ”  what comes after that ?	1
you’ll fight with him eventually ,  and  the duke ,  my father ,  loved his father very much .	1
this i’ll report ,  dear lady .	1
i am a man again .	1
the lunatic, the lover, and the poet are all compact in their imagination.	1
right now we’re shaken up by fears and doubts .	1
when?	1
you have wonderful armor ,  but give my horse his due .	1
surely it’s some matter of state ,  either from venice or some minor problem shown to him here in cyprus ,  that has muddied his clear spirit ,  and in such cases men's natures fight with inferior things ,  although their object is great ones .	1
was ever man so weary ?	1
my bond to the jew is forfeit .	1
o ,  widow dido !	1
oh ,  chest ,  obey me !	1
those that  “ hobgoblin ”  call you ,  and  “ sweet puck ,  ”  you do their work ,  and they shall have good luck .	1
young men's love, then, lies not truly in their hearts, but in their eyes.	1
tis three o'clock ,  and ,  romans ,  yet ere night we shall try fortune in a second fight .	1
and if on earth he do not merit it ,  in reason he should never come to heaven .	1
if i could bid the fifth welcome with so good a heart as i can bid the other four farewell, i should be glad of his approach: if he have the condition of a saint and the complexion of a devil, i had rather he should shrive me than wive me.	1
get on your nightgown ,  in case we are called by chance and it shows us to be watchers .	1
give us a light there, hello!	1
the wind is filling your ship’s sail ,  and they’re waiting for you .	1
the glove which i have given him for a favor may haply purchase him a box o' th' ear .	1
he is defiled that draws a sword on thee.	1
be buried quick with her, and so will i.	1
this chatter is no cure for my toothache .	1
i would gladly prove so .	1
that's very true ,  my lord .	1
i'll read the writing .	1
amen !	1
i serve as good a man as you.	1
most monsterlike be shown for poor’st diminutives ,  for dolts ,  and let patient octavia plow thy visage up with her preparèd nails !	1
highest queen of state ,  great juno ,  comes .	1
but since he stands obdurate and that no lawful means can carry me out of his envy’s reach ,  i do oppose my patience to his fury ,  and am armed to suffer with a quietness of spirit the very tyranny and rage of his .	1
we'll hear it ,  antony; you shall read us the will , —caesar's will !	1
then lord have mercy on me!	1
there isn’t much time .	1
no one has heard anything about him.	1
yes, surely; o heaven!	1
thank you for all your efforts .	1
moreover that we much did long to see you ,  the need we have to use you did provoke our hasty sending .	1
my father had a daughter loved a man as it might be ,  perhaps ,  were i a woman ,  i should your lordship .	1
god should keep me from false friends ,  but they weren’t false .	1
in such a night, stood dido, with a willow in her hand, upon the wild sea-banks, and waft her love to come again to carthage.	1
oh ,  do you think we’ll ever meet again ?	1
go, go, you answer me with wickedness.	1
not at all !	1
on my honor ,  sir ,  i heard a humming ,  and it was a strange one too ,  which woke me up .	1
but honestly ,  i should have been a woman .	1
i must think about that .	1
speak ,  i command you .	1
content with hermia ?	1
i wish you well ,  and so i take my leave .	1
it’s about who i am ,  and how ,  why ,  and where this handkerchief was stained .	1
you know me too well .	1
but, i pray you, let none of your people stir me; i have an exposition of sleep come upon me.	1
let them start with us .	1
you are a councilor .	1
i have lived long enough .	1
i wish i had your guarantee ,  because i see that a weak bond holds you; i'll not trust your word .	1
i get great comfort from this fellow .	1
it is a good hand, an open one.	1
he plies the duke at morning and at night ,  and doth impeach the freedom of the state if they deny him justice .	1
is it not hard ,  nerissa ,  that i cannot choose one nor refuse none ?	1
my prayers ,  minx ?	1
well ,  then ,  here it is: you must prepare yourself for his knife .	1
uncle ,  i must come out .	1
sweet prince ,  you learn me noble thankfulness . — there ,  leonato ,  take her back again .	1
royal egypt ,  empress !	1
tom’s a - cold .	1
come with me; i’ll spy under the tents to see if any of my own people plan to desert me .	1
why ,  sir ,  you know this is your wedding day .	1
i will be faithful .	1
well ,  then ,  i hope he chokes on it !	1
i believe you believe what you say now, but what we determine to, often we don’t.	1
between who?	1
give me your hand first.	1
then, venom, do your work.	1
yet his means are in supposition .	1
sweet flowers for a sweet girl .	1
and leave us, publius, lest that the people rushing on us should do your age some mischief.	1
have you forgotten the foul witch sycorax ,  who had grown in to a circle with age and envy ?	1
the jew will have justice .	1
it surprises me as much as my joy to see you here before me.	1
pray you ,  let cassio be received again .	1
so shines a good deed in a naughty world .	1
sit down a while and let us once again assail your ears ,  that are so fortified against our story ,  what we have two nights seen .	1
nay, pray you, mark.	1
or is the adder better than the eel because his painted skin contents the eye ?	1
that will i .	1
don’t try to find out more .	1
two months ago ,  there was a gentleman from normandy here ,  i’ve seen myself ,  and served against the french ,  and they can do well on horseback ,  but this gallant had witchcraft in it .	1
the candle burns in your bedroom, sir.	1
bolstered by righteousness ,  i prepared to fight ,  and when he saw my excitement—or perhaps because my shouting scared him—he ran away suddenly .	1
exceedingly, my lord; it is very sultry, as 'twere—i can- not tell how.	1
let me be ta'en .	1
i am bound to the count orsino’s court .	1
stay, give me drink.	1
fine apparition!	1
please let her speak .	1
but it is true , —without any slips of prolixity ,  or crossing the plain highway of talk , —that the good antonio ,  the honest antonio , —o that i had a title good enough to keep his name company ! — come ,  the full stop .	1
no ,  it is not possible you should love the enemy of france ,  kate .	1
i’ll put another question to you .	1
a dream itself is but a shadow .	1
if you want to pick a fight ,  you’ll have to find a more substantial excuse .	1
but sadly ,  tell me who .	1
what did you do that for ?	1
who calls so coldly ?	1
what ,  an advocate for an imposter ?	1
and thither will i straight to visit him .	1
didn’t you speak?	1
and make sure the servants are less friendly to his knights .	1
oberon is really angry and annoyed ,  because she ,  just like her attendant ,  has a lovely boy ,  that was stolen from an indian king; she has never had so sweet a baby that was stolen .	1
how can these things in me seem scorn to you, bearing the badge of faith, to prove them true?	1
what do you mean ?	1
have you got a soul or sense ?	1
let's follow him ,  gertrude ,  .	1
aren’t i your rosalind ?	1
and begged he pardon ?	1
o you foul thief ,  where have you hidden my daughter ?	1
she's dead.	1
this done ,  he took the bride about the neck and kissed her lips with such a clamorous smack that at the parting all the church did echo .	1
get you away; i'll send for you anon.	1
a good plan ,  warrior king .	1
it’s strange that you haven’t heard .	1
why did you leave wife and child in that rawness, those precious motives, those strong knots of love, without leave-taking?	1
say that i wish he never find more cause to change a master .	1
lovers and madmen have such seething brains ,  such shaping fantasies ,  that apprehend more than cool reason ever comprehends .	1
dolabella !	1
and do you mean what you’re saying ,  gratiano ?	1
but why do you keep me here so long ?	1
you mustn’t hold my earlier outburst against me .	1
our sport shall be to take what they mistake; and what poor duty cannot do ,  noble respect takes it in might ,  not merit .	1
i cannot stay any longer.	1
freedom !	1
the crowd calls him lord ,  and ,  as the world were just beginning now ,  old history forgotten ,  customs not known ,  they certify and prop up every word ,  they cry  “ we choose !	1
art thou a churchman ?	1
being holiday ,  the beggar's shop is shut .	1
the more you joke about it ,  the more clearly i feel how serious it is !	1
good friends ,  go in and have some wine with me .	1
got it ,  sir .	1
say it again—just one word ,  and my hand ,  which killed your lover out of love ,  will kill your far truer lover .	1
ay ,  sooth ,  so humbled that he hath left part of his grief with me to suffer with him .	1
no, by heaven.	1
exclaim no more against it .	1
hanging and wiving goes by destiny .	1
it’s no less ,  i tell you ,  for the bawdy hand of the clock is now upon the prick of noon .	1
my love !	1
only be sorry that you shall lose your friend ,  and he is not sorry that he pays your debt; because if the jew only cuts deep enough ,  i'll pay it instantly with all my heart .	1
we are sent to give thee from our royal master thanks ,  only to herald thee into his sight ,  not pay thee .	1
and the more pity that great folk should have countenance in this world to drown or hang themselves more than another christian .	1
what speech ,  my good lord ?	1
your heart’s desires be with you .	1
if thou canst love me for this ,  take me .	1
go ,  pindarus ,  get higher on that hill .	1
yes ,  indeed ,  it was ,  and he pushed it away three times ,  each time more gently than the last; and at each refusal my countrymen shouted .	1
i think he bought his doublet in italy, his round hose in france, his bonnet in germany and his behaviour everywhere.	1
and this is the man who has now become a god ,  and i’m a wretched creature who must bow down if caesar so much as carelessly nods my way .	1
where art thou now ?	1
only to despite them ,  i will endeavor anything .	1
this castle is in a pleasant place .	1
i order you, get far away from me and do not haunt me thus.	1
upon my life ,  she finds ,  although i cannot ,  myself to be a marv'lous proper man .	1
so take her to thee ,  shepherd .	1
roderigo’s been killed ?	1
and mine ,  two hundred .	1
there are the players .	1
and ,  as thou badest me ,  in troops i have dispersed them 'bout the isle .	1
by heaven ,  i do not ,  i do not ,  gentlemen .	1
the queen ,  my lord ,  is dead .	1
please leave it to me to take care of the burial ,  as i have more reason to mourn than you do .	1
ho ,  ho ,  ho !	1
what an irreplaceable and grievous loss !	1
why should i, mother?	1
o ,  that you bore the mind that i do !	1
let all the soldiers come down .	1
o, teach me how i should forget to think.	1
venice has made cassio governor here on cyprus .	1
i kill my husband dead a second time when second husband kisses me in bed.	1
and i.	1
why should titania cross her oberon ?	1
bellario sends his greetings .	1
you are a fool .	1
o conspiracy ,  shamest thou to show thy dangerous brow by night when evils are most free ?	1
romeo!	1
o ,  where ,  my lord ?	1
everyone that does so is a traitor and must be hanged .	1
go to sleep ,  and listen to us laughing .	1
help me here .	1
but, since the affairs of men still seem uncertain, let's think about the worst that can happen.	1
my master's .	1
yes ,  sir .	1
hippolyta ,  i got you by waging war with you ,  and made you love me by doing you injuries; but i will marry you in a different way ,  with pomp ,  with triumph ,  and with partying !	1
up to some scaffold ,  there to lose their heads .	1
or stuff what he says into their pockets .	1
what ,  man ,  ’tis a night of revels !	1
go away; i'll send for you soon .	1
that’s  signior baptista ,  will you really be this cruel ?	1
yes ,  i really think so .	1
why, see you not?	1
she speaks .	1
as rich shall romeo's by his lady's lie— poor sacrifices of our enmity !	1
is that a good idea ,  do you think ?	1
ay .	1
but art thou not drowned, stephano?	1
am i the motive of these tears, my lord?	1
seyton !	1
caesar speaks .	1
no ,  no !	1
why ,  then the devil give him good of it !	1
say that they slack their duties	1
at mine own house ,  good lady .	1
this disturbed sky isn’t one to walk in.	1
make a bug show of mourning for her ,  hang sad epitaphs up at your family’s tomb ,  and perform all the appropriate burial ceremonies .	1
look where she comes .	1
about as long as it would take someone to count slowly to a hundred .	1
ha ,  let me see .	1
a friend of antony's .	1
please stay below deck ,  sir .	1
why then ,  lead on .	1
and leave us ,  publius ,  lest that the people rushing on us should do your age some mischief .	1
just let me follow behind you ,  even though i’m not good enough for you .	1
on fortune’s cap we are not the very button .	1
don’t let the nurse stay with you in your bedroom .	1
but whatever sorrow can come ,  it cannot equal the exchange of joy that one short minute in her sight gives me .	1
what a lying ,  drunken monster .	1
why ,  there’s more gold .	1
but yet hie you to egypt again .	1
o iago, the pity of it, iago!	1
most heathenish and most gross!	1
yes, it is already garrison'd.	1
why, then, 'tis hers, my lord, and being hers, she may, i think, bestow't on any man.	1
i wouldn’t do it for a nice ring ,  or fine linen ,  or pretty gowns or petticoats or hats .	1
dromio ,  you drone ,  you snail ,  you slug ,  you idiot !	1
death and damnation !	1
the moor !	1
only for this ,  i pray you ,  pardon me .	1
is it for him you do envy me so ?	1
what he hath lost ,  noble macbeth hath won .	1
i’ll able 'em .	1
his secret - keeping ,  i am sure ,  cannot carry his courage ,  because the goose cannot carry the fox .	1
it’s only going to make you sad ,  monsieur jaques .	1
when she cries ,  all the little flowers cry too .	1
a man ,  as you are .	1
what are the chances of his getting better ,  lords ?	1
i pray you ,  know me ,  when we meet again; i wish you well ,  and so i take my leave .	1
if e'er thou wast thyself, and these woes thine, thou and these woes were all for rosaline.	1
beat him enough: after a little time ,  i'll beat him too .	1
why rejoice ?	1
have an eye to cinna .	1
what are you doing here ?	1
ay ,  marry ,  why was he sent into england ?	1
run and proclaim it in the streets .	1
for one thing she did they would not take her life .	1
portia?	1
and that’s as much he should do, because he’s given to sports, to wildness, and to having a lot of company.	1
they must lie there .	1
many men seek their fortune at seventeen; at eighty ,  it’s a bit late .	1
you scoundrel !	1
i’m sure he’s out there dancing .	1
leave us alone.	1
love each other and be friends ,  like two such men should be .	1
the name suits your fierceness .	1
your majesty, and we that have free souls can’t be touched by it.	1
but then the mind much sufferance doth o'erskip when grief hath mates and bearing fellowship .	1
the king doth wake tonight and takes his rouse ,  keeps wassail ,  and the swaggering upspring reels ,  and as he drains his draughts of rhenish down ,  the kettle - drum and trumpet thus bray out the triumph of his pledge .	1
fire and brimstone!	1
please ,  don’t mention her .	1
ah ,  cut my lace asunder ,  that my pent heart may have some scope to beat ,  or else i swoon with this dead - killing news !	1
search ,  seek ,  and know how this foul murder happened .	1
here comes the furious tybalt back again .	1
the prince will sentence you to death if you are taken prisoner.	1
i loved ophelia .	1
so rosencrantz and guildenstern are in for it .	1
after such a long period of grief ,  we will have such a celebration !	1
ill will never said well .	1
i want to vomit .	1
shall one of us who killed the most important man in all this world just to support robbers,— shall we now contaminate our fingers with lowly bribes and sell the mighty positions of our great honors for so much trash as may be grabbed like this?	1
but if it overwhelms you to look at caesar’s wounded cloak ,  how will you feel ,  kind men ,  now ?	1
cassio ,  my lord !	1
nay ,  if an oily palm be not a fruitful prognostication ,  i cannot scratch mine ear . —prithee ,  tell her but a workaday fortune .	1
i do know ,  when the blood burns ,  how prodigal the soul lends the tongue vows .	1
caesar’s will ?	1
when you durst do it ,  then you were a man; and ,  to be more than what you were ,  you would be so much more the man .	1
strike the drum.	1
i saw mark antony offer him a crown;—yet it wasn’t a crown either ,  it was one of these large hats;—and ,  as i told you ,  he pushed it aside once .	1
o pyramus, arise, speak, speak.	1
very foul.	1
if you cannot ,  give thanks you have lived so long and make yourself ready in your cabin for the mischance of the hour ,  if it so hap . —cheerly ,  good hearts ! —out of our way ,  i say .	1
you disgust me ,  you little bug !	1
patience unmoved !	1
this is going even better than i planned .	1
you ,  i think ,  would best know what he’s thinking .	1
no, not for venice.	1
if only one of his pockets could speak ,  wouldn’t it say he lies ?	1
let’s go !	1
you think she gave it to cassio ?	1
but what is your affair in elsinore ?	1
that i don’t trust you .	1
my god ,  it’s morning .	1
this is the tune of our song, played by the picture of nobody.	1
stop that ,  ’twill fly with the smoke out at the chimney .	1
whistle then to me, as signal that thou hear'st something approach.	1
i will ,  my lord .	1
run ,  run ,  oh ,  run !	1
fetch me this herb and come right back before a huge sea creature can swim three miles .	1
listen ,  dardanius .	1
i had most need of blessing ,  and  “ amen ”  stuck in my throat .	1
scale of dragon ,  tooth of wolf ,  witch's mummy ,  a gulf - like stomach ,  of the rough sea salt glisten ,  root of poison hemlock dug up in the dark ,  liver of christians not baptized ,  gall bladder of goat ,  and slips of pine trees cut off the tree when the moon eclipsed ,  nose of turk ,  and tartar's lips ,  finger of a baby born dead delivered in a ditch by a prostitute ,  make the gruel thick and gooey .	1
what ,  here in the middle of the street ?	1
i’m glad you’ve come ,  father .	1
i’d give forty pounds to be safe at home right now .	1
where ?	1
i am not i ,  if there be such an ‘i’; or those eyes shut that make thee answer ‘i . ’ if he be slain ,  say ‘i’; or if not ,  ‘no . ’ brief sounds determine of my weal or woe .	1
don’t be so silly as to think that caesar has such rebel blood that will be changed by the same things that change fools; i mean, sweet words, low, crooked curtsies, and playing up to me like a puppy.	1
all may be well enough .	1
or shall i think in silver she’s immured ,  being ten times undervalued to tried gold ?	1
the labor we delight in physics pain.	1
sir ,  good success .	1
soft !	1
oh no !	1
don’t you have any mouth on land?	1
did not you hear a cry?	1
what’s my name ?	1
if your mind dislike anything, obey it.	1
and is it not ,  then ,  well serv'd in to a sweet goose ?	1
do you want to sleep ?	1
what ,  i say ,  my foot my tutor ?	1
well, if fortune be a woman, she's a good wench for this gear.—father, come.	1
is that a lot of      he says his name is master fer .	1
if trembling i inhabit then ,  protest me the baby of a girl .	1
do you hear us ,  sir ?	1
ay ,  my lord ,  i would know that .	1
look where it comes again !	1
i am fear'd in field and town .	1
grandam ,  this would have been a biting jest .	1
pardon me .	1
if by your art ,  my dearest father ,  you have put the wild waters in this roar ,  allay them .	1
i sent for cassio to come talk with you .	1
your eyes are lodestars ,  and your tongue’s sweet air more tunable than lark to shepherd’s ear when wheat is green ,  when hawthorn buds appear .	1
yes, sir.	1
alas ,  i took great pains to study it ,  and ’tis poetical .	1
where’s the king ?	1
these are news indeed!	1
can you not stay awhile ?	1
well ,  how nice ,  a riddle !	1
let fortune and victory be yours !	1
come ,  sir ,  i will not let you go .	1
the sooner ,  sweet ,  for you .	1
make haste ,  make haste ,  sirrah .	1
yes ,  by heaven ,  my lord .	1
well ,  we shall see your bearing .	1
his folly ,  helena ,  is no fault of mine .	1
he dined at my house; but i don’t shake because of that .	1
hold ,  toby !	1
with drinking healths to my niece .	1
this is a scurvy tune too: but here's my comfort .	1
get going, then, robin, make the night darker; cover the stars in the sky with drooping fog, as black as acheron, and lead these testy rivals so astray that they will not come within another's way.	1
do but read .	1
pale as your smock !	1
our bodies are our gardens ,  to the which our wills are gardeners .	1
my lord ?	1
no, caesar, we will respond to their attack.	1
when ,  without stratagem ,  but in plain shock and even play of battle ,  was ever known so great and little loss on one part and on th' other ?	1
perhaps even there, where i did find my doubts.	1
they say the owl was a baker's daughter .	1
towards chertsey ,  noble lord ?	1
if you will please show us so much gentry and goodwill as to spend your time with us a while, to help us find out what is troubling him, your visit shall receive such thanks as only a king can give.	1
till i know 'tis done ,  howe'er my haps ,  my joys were ne'er begun .	1
listen ,  romeo ,  listen !	1
adieu ,  adieu !	1
it’s not possible.	1
and he is a very paramour for a sweet voice .	1
listen!	1
come, my lord.	1
o ,  that thou wert not ,  poor distressèd soul !	1
for certes these are people of the island ,  who ,  though they are of monstrous shape ,  yet note ,  their manners are more gentle - kind than of our human generation you shall find many ,  nay ,  almost any .	1
spirit, we must prepare to meet with caliban.	1
well, sit we down, and let us hear bernardo speak of this.	1
i sent him there ,  sir ,  but his crimes deserved a worse punishment .	1
farewell ,  my desdemona .	1
like the  oh stop it ,  you lusty bed - hopper .	1
what's the matter?	1
woe, alas!	1
no one but his enemies.	1
we will meet; and there we may rehearse most obscenely and courageously.	1
we'll act up like french falconers: fly at anything we see .	1
now fear i this will give it start again; therefore let's follow .	1
oh ,  this is the poison of deep grief .	1
o ,  she that might have intercepted thee ,  by strangling thee in her accursèd womb ,  from all the slaughters ,  wretch ,  that thou hast done .	1
i do believe that these applauses are for some new honors that are heap'd on caesar.	1
that’s a good one .	1
gone?	1
it’s time to leave .	1
and this.	1
i am glad to see you angry .	1
the town is empty; on the seashore ranks of people stand, and they cry, "a sail!	1
i will hear further reason for this.	1
keep promise ,  love .	1
i take thee at thy word.	1
we follow thee . —juliet ,  the county stays .	1
that’s true .	1
oh ,  ’tis a gallant king !	1
what's your gracious pleasure?	1
these tedious old fools!	1
i pray you ,  sir ,  dispatch .	1
the life ?	1
how have i been behaved that he might stick the small’st opinion on my least misuse ?	1
i am ashamèd i did yield to them .	1
i said so ,  dear katherine; and i must not blush to affirm it .	1
yes ,  and a bold one ,  that has the courage to look on a sight which might shock the devil .	1
would i send a lie ?	1
i would not have such a heart in my bosom for the dignity of the whole body .	1
i have no doubt that you love me .	1
draw the curtains ,  just like that .	1
and in part him, but,” you may say, “not very well.	1
prepare yourselves, generals.	1
it faded on the crowing of the rooster.	1
he took me by the wrist and held me hard; then goes he to the length of all his arm ,  and ,  with his other hand thus o'er his brow ,  he falls to such perusal of my face as he would draw it .	1
damn'd as thou art, thou hast enchanted her, for i'll refer me to all things of sense, if she in chains of magic were not bound, whether a maid so tender, fair, and happy, so opposite to marriage that she shunn'd the wealthy, curled darlings of our nation, would ever have, to incur a general mock, run from her guardage to the sooty bosom of such a thing as thou—to fear, not to delight.	1
or shall we just go on without any apology?	1
if she’s a traitor ,  why then ,  so am i .	1
caesar ,  i go .	1
i’m afraid to think how i’ll be criticized for letting my natural affection for my father give way to my loyalty to you .	1
yes, you have seen cassio and her together.	1
why should he call her whore ?	1
that it was ,  sir .	1
see these letters are delivered, get the servants’ clothes made, and ask gratiano to come now to my house.	1
and i must go to lorenzo and the rest; but we’ll visit you at suppertime .	1
you are looked for and called for ,  asked for and sought for ,  in the great chamber .	1
because you ,  most wicked sir ,  whom to call brother would even infect my mouth ,  i forgive your worst fault ,  all of them ,  and require my dukedom from you ,  which i know you must restore to me by necessity .	1
his fault is much ,  and the good king his master will check him for ’t .	1
if she can’t find out what his secret is ,  then send him off to england or wherever you think best .	1
just go after him and watch what he does next .	1
now ,  by my troth ,  if i had been remembered ,  i could have given my uncle’s grace a flout to touch his growth nearer than he touched mine .	1
how should i your true love know from another one ?	1
yet keep the french the field .	1
signior ?	1
yes  , madam .	1
give first admittance to th' ambassadors .	1
go, tubal, and meet me at our synagogue; go, good tubal; at our synagogue, tubal.	1
that’s the consideration that makes us stretch out our sufferings so long .	1
breaks my pate across?	1
if you do bend, and pray, and play up to me for him, i reject you out of my way like a stray dog.	1
oh ,  sir ,  impetuous people learn their lessons from the consequences of their foolish actions .	1
where is he ?	1
these foolish drops do something drown my manly spirit: adieu !	1
i’m glad your father isn’t alive to see this .	1
tell us the manner of it ,  gentle casca .	1
my lord ,  i have thought over the request you just made of me .	1
with what, i' the name of god?	1
there is not chastity enough in language ,  without offense ,  to utter them . —thus ,  pretty lady ,  i am sorry for thy much misgovernment .	1
orlando ,  my lord ,  the youngest son of sir rowland de boys .	1
please ,  just walk with me a little ways ,  and tell me if i’ll see you later tonight .	1
what masque ,  what music ?	1
you look wearily .	1
i don’t like him ,  and it doesn’t seem to be safe to us to let his craziness run free .	1
will you know the truth about it ?	1
a king of shreds and patches !	1
my deeds upon my head .	1
i got this purse full of money from you ,  and my dromio brought it to me .	1
thou know’st where i will tarry .	1
you kiss by the book.	1
what is ’t thou canst demand ?	1
virtue ?	1
tomorrow with your earliest let me have speech with you.	1
heard you this, gonzalo?	1
a messenger from the galleys.	1
thank you ,  sir .	1
by mary ,  that ,  i think ,  is young petruchio .	1
then meet me immediately at the notary's; give him directions for confirming this happy promise to pay ,  and i’ll go and get the dollars right away ,  check on my house ,  left in the care of an unlucky rogue ,  and i’ll be with you soon .	1
o ,  tell not me of fear !	1
i have immortal longings in me .	1
go on; i'll follow thee.	1
he wonders to what end you have assembled such troops of citizens to come to him ,  his grace not being warned thereof before .	1
yes ,  even if i die an hour later .	1
no ,  sir ,  i do not bite my thumb at you ,  sir; but i bite my thumb ,  sir .	1
alas ,  good gentleman !	1
i don’t see thisbe .	1
wherefore rejoice?	1
the nephew to old norway ,  fortinbras .	1
my lord?	1
i should really leave right away .	1
but don’t do that .	1
this is how the candle burned the moth .	1
go not my horse the better, i must become a borrower of the night for a dark hour or twain.	1
i don’t know what i’m doing .	1
it is not seen enough; you should wear it in your cap .	1
if without peril it be possible ,  sweet blunt ,  make some good means to speak with him ,  and give him from me this most needful note .	1
therefore ,  when he has reason to fear ,  as we do ,  his fears are without question of the same order .	1
if my heart's dear love— well, do not swear.	1
good enobarbus !	1
hang on a second .	1
you do remember all the circumstance ?	1
come on ,  take us to him .	1
sir ,  pardon me for what i am about to say .	1
tis bitter cold, and i am sick at heart.	1
rome, there are no more people of noble bloods in you!	1
be assured you may .	1
i hope that god restores you to health .	1
no man bears sorrow better.	1
it’s like this: as long as a person tells me the truth ,  even though it means my death ,  i will listen as though he praised me .	1
and leave us ,  publius ,  in case the people storming us should harm you .	1
if they find that we killed your father or had him killed ,  we will surrender our kingdom ,  our crown ,  our life ,  and all that we call ours ,  to you in satisfaction ,  but if not ,  you must be patient with us ,  and we shall work together with your soul to give it just compensation .	1
your flashes of laughter that always make the audience roar ?	1
you shall have the mustard or else you get no beef of grumio .	1
if i’m killed ,  it will only be the death of a man who was willing to be dead .	1
o woeful day !	1
you may ,  indeed ,  say so; for 'twas that hand that gave away my heart .	1
help ,  help ,  help !	1
hurry ,  messala ,  and i’ll look for pindarus in the meantime .	1
here, with the permission of brutus and the rest,— because brutus is an honorable man; and they are all, all honorable men,— i come to speak in caesar's funeral.	1
that's strange .	1
goodbye .	1
my lady ,  should i lie in your lap ?	1
now ,  balthazar ,  you’ve always been honest and faithful to me ,  and i trust you still are .	1
i crave the law, the penalty and forfeit of my bond.	1
why ,  so i can ,  sir ,  but i won’t now .	1
we’re all lost!	1
not so, my lord.	1
oh ,  control yourself ,  lady !	1
everyone .	1
yes ,  my lord ,  i played the part of a gossip and brought him the news .	1
what would you like to see ?	1
not for your entire fairy kingdom.	1
listen to me ,  you traitor .	1
in cash .	1
it’s my master who’s not getting the reward he deserves ,  not me .	1
for if but once thou show me thy grey light, i'll find demetrius, and revenge this spite.	1
march to meet him at a dignified pace .	1
usually fathers produce children ,  not the other way around .	1
is he not light of brain ?	1
yes, casca, tell us what has happened today that makes caesar look so sad.	1
just then, they sailed away from our ship, so only i became their prisoner.	1
you are impatient as fire ,  to say that she was false .	1
did you see anything ?	1
as i slept under this yew - tree here ,  i had a dream that my master and someone else were fighting and that my master killed him .	1
i must recount what you have been once a month ,  which you forget .	1
take thou some new infection to thy eye ,  and the rank poison of the old will die .	1
peace yet again .	1
metellus cimber?	1
she says enough; yet she's a simple bawd that cannot say as much .	1
you wretched ,  rash ,  intruding fool ,  goodbye !	1
that was my lady's voice.	1
what ,  would you let a snake bite you twice ?	1
a daughter ?	1
you cannot feed capons so.	1
this way doves with nimble wings draw love, and that’s why the wind-swift cupid has wings.	1
if thou attempt it ,  it will cost thee dear: thou hast no weapon ,  and perforce must suffer .	1
what are you ?	1
is that my prize?	1
my dear lord ,  tell me what’s bothering you .	1
if all the wine in my bottle will recover him, i will help his ague.	1
o sweet mistress ,  speak !	1
good cheer, antonio!	1
there's more that depends on this ring than its value.	1
don’t believe it.	1
separate them .	1
canst thou blame him ?	1
so ,  if they die unprepared ,  the king is no more guilty of their damnation than he was guilty of the earlier crimes they’re finally being punished for .	1
he did in some sort ,  indeed ,  handle women ,  but then he was rheumatic ,  and talked of the whore of babylon .	1
claudio ,  i’m telling you right to your face that you have wronged me and my innocent child .	1
that’s true: who gets up from a feast with the same hunger that he had when he sat down ?	1
if thou dost find him tractable to us ,  encourage him and show him all our reasons .	1
well, i am standing water.	1
but no more deep will i endart mine eye than your consent gives strength to make it fly .	1
will it be chased away by bowing and scraping ?	1
why, what are you?	1
who's there ?	1
god speed fair helena !	1
my lord ,  your promise of the earldom— richmond !	1
here’s where they’ll end up ,  on the floor .	1
some men there are love not a gaping pig; some ,  that are mad if they behold a cat; and others ,  when the bagpipe sings i' the nose ,  cannot contain their urine: for affection ,  master of passion ,  sways it to the mood of what it likes ,  or loathes .	1
antonio .	1
here's the smell of the blood still .	1
here, sweet lord, at your service.	1
we will hear caesar's will.	1
but passion lends them power ,  time means ,  to meet ,  tempering extremities with extreme sweet .	1
go relax now .	1
o cassio, cassio, cassio!	1
but there is two hard things; that is ,  to bring the moonlight into a chamber; for ,  you know ,  pyramus and thisbe meet by moonlight .	1
he's in his fit now, and does not talk after the wisest.	1
oh ,  poor shepherd !	1
o, wilt thou leave me so unsatisfied?	1
then teach your cousin to also be willing to close her eyes ,  my lord .	1
why ,  then ,  some be of laughing ,  as ,  ah ,  ha ,  he !	1
the other day i saw him defeated in a	1
what revels are in hand ?	1
grab his sword from him .	1
i didn’t think he had been acquainted with her.	1
a very gentle beast ,  and of a good conscience .	1
call peter; he will show thee where they are.	1
it’s a nice hand ,  an open one .	1
there are things in this comedy of  “ pyramus and thisbe ”  that will never please an audience .	1
i want all such offenders to be dealt with that way ,  and i give precise orders that in our progress through the country there shall be nothing seized from the villages ,  nothing taken that is not paid for ,  none of the french harassed or abused in disrespectful language .	1
you charge me most unjustly .	1
have you forgot me ?	1
get thee gone, but do it.	1
what is this castle called that stands hard by ?	1
let it be a quarrel between us ,  if you live .	1
such love must be treason in my breast.	1
that’s excellent .	1
will it never be morning ?	1
hail!	1
we had a little food and fresh water that a nobleman from naples ,  gonzalo ,  had given us out of the kindness of his heart .	1
no harm .	1
here ,  sir !  ”  you loggerheaded and unpolished grooms !	1
all's well .	1
here and now i seem like antony ,  but i can’t keep myself in this form ,  my boy .	1
i’ll sleep over here .	1
what's best to do?	1
play your flutes !	1
you’ll both help me ,  right ?	1
the tyrant's people fight on both sides; the noble barons fight bravely in the war; the day almost professes itself to be yours, and little is to do.	1
what many men desire ” —that  “ many ”  may be meant by the fool multitude that choose by show ,  not learning more than the fond eye doth teach; which pries not to th' interior ,  but like the martlet builds in the weather on the outward wall ,  even in the force and road of casualty .	1
let their beds be made as soft as yours and let their palates be seasoned with such viands ”  ?	1
young romeo, is it?	1
o ,  their bones ,  their bones !	1
follow that lord, and look you mock him not.	1
i can never be proud of what i hate, but i can be thankful even for hate that is meant to be love.	1
the death of my father ,  my physical weakness ,  the loss of all my friends ,  the threats of this man who’s taken me prisoner—all that would be easy for me to take ,  if only i could look through my prison windows once a day and see this girl .	1
if in thy wisdom thou canst give no help ,  do thou but call my resolution wise and with this knife i'll help it presently .	1
is it true ?	1
i tell you ,  charles ,  he’s the stubbornest young fellow in france: overly ambitious ,  jealous of other people’s good qualities ,  and a traitor against me ,  his own blood brother .	1
give me a taper ,  call up all my people !	1
wilt thou at ninny's tomb meet me straightway?	1
may one be forgiven a sin and still hold on to its benefits?	1
a man who’s robbed ,  but doesn’t miss what’s stolen ,  isn’t robbed at all .	1
well ,  i’m nearly finished .	1
o!	1
i may not breathe my censure what he might be .	1
let us our lives ,  our souls ,  our debts ,  our careful wives ,  our children ,  and our sins lay on the king !	1
did you pay attention to his words ?	1
cleopatra recognizes your greatness and accepts your authority .	1
did you hear anything about her in yours?	1
i will .	1
what ,  is that horatio with you ?	1
three of the carriages are very imaginatively designed ,  and they match the fencing accessories .	1
what touches us ourself shall be last served .	1
and this weak and idle play about love ,  doesn’t mean any more than a dream .	1
look ,  where she comes .	1
a roman .	1
but i remember now i am in this earthly world ,  where to do harm is often laudable ,  to do good sometime accounted dangerous folly .	1
boy ,  this walking away shall not excuse the injuries that you have done to me; therefore ,  turn and draw your sword .	1
keep thou the left .	1
for the which ,  as i told you ,  antonio shall be bound .	1
who are the people who want to speak with me ?	1
what trade ,  boy ?	1
why he more than another?	1
who's there?	1
i thank your lordship, you have got me one.	1
to be king in this way is nothing, only to be safely king in this way matters.	1
ay, so, god be wi' ye!	1
it seems she hangs upon the cheek of night like a rich jewel in an ethiop's ear— beauty too rich for use ,  for earth too dear !	1
farewell.	1
of your complexion .	1
what minor god has come so near to making a woman?	1
strato ,  thou hast been all this while asleep .	1
foul whisperings are abroad.	1
i am not treacherous .	1
why should you fall into so deep a moan ?	1
off with his son george’s head !	1
why, so i can, sir, but i will not now.	1
yes ,  my lord .	1
in such a night dido stood with a willow in her hand on the wild banks of the sea ,  and sent her love to return to carthage .	1
what shall i swear by ?	1
o my, where are you?	1
ah ,  rosencrantz !	1
what rein can hold licentious wickedness when down the hill he holds his fierce career ?	1
this making christians will raise the price of hogs .	1
ha !	1
upon mine honour, sir, i heard a humming, and that a strange one too, which did awake me.	1
either be calm and polite or i’ll drown you out with the music of war .	1
lead, boy.	1
hold you the watch tonight ?	1
o devil, devil!	1
cassio ,  may you suspect who they should be that have thus mangled you ?	1
i’m christopher sly ,  son of old sly of barton - on - heath ,  a peddler by birth ,  a  oh ,  this is why your poor wife is mourning !	1
my learned lord ,  kindly explain to us the legal and religious grounds for why this french salic law either should or shouldn’t bar me in my claim .	1
in such a night thisbe fearfully tripped over the dew ,  and saw the lion's shadow before the lion itself ,  and ran away dismayed .	1
the lover ,  just as crazy ,  sees helen of troy's beauty in an egyptian .	1
now ,  catesby ,  what says his grace ?	1
o, help!	1
in which addition ,  hail ,  most worthy thane ,  for it is thine .	1
banquo and macbeth ,  all hail !	1
i have .	1
for ,  hark you ,  tybalt being slain so late ,  it may be thought we held him carelessly ,  being our kinsman ,  if we revel much .	1
if i had as many sons as i have hairs on my head ,  i couldn’t hope that any of them would die more honorably than he did .	1
i will hear further reason for this.	1
goodbye .	1
my husband is on earth ,  my faith in heaven .	1
hush !	1
not here in presence .	1
his breeding ,  sir ,  hath been at my charge .	1
he lies not like the living .	1
why ,  then you must .	1
then i rebel against you ,  stars !	1
sir, there is special commission come from venice to put cassio in othello's place.	1
let them affright thee .	1
in the meantime ,  do nothing ,  and let the investigation be do patiently .	1
go ,  go ,  you question with a wicked tongue .	1
for this ,  be sure ,  tonight thou shalt have cramps ,  side - stitches that shall pen thy breath up .	1
i do .	1
and you will be ,  or some people here will suffer for it .	1
run after that same peevish messenger ,  the county’s man .	1
come .	1
but did you listen to all that poetry without even wondering about what your name is doing on all these trees ?	1
only that a joy beyond joy calls out to me ,  it’s a grief so brief to part with you .	1
a kind good-night to all!	1
no ,  no .	1
i don’t understand why she’s not locked up .	1
but macbeth is.	1
nor do we find him easy to figure out the reason why, because, with a crafty craziness, keeps his distance when we try to bring him to some confession of his true state.	1
out on her ,  hilding !	1
what’s going on ,  dromio ?	1
o most happy hour!	1
by your leave ,  hostess .	1
oh ,  no ,  good kate .	1
what do you mean by this ?	1
heaven me such uses send ,  not to pick bad from bad ,  but by bad mend !	1
i have heard too much ,  and your words and performances are no kin together .	1
hamlet, this pearl is your, here's to your health.	1
is supper ready ,  the house trimmed ,  rushes strewed ,  cobwebs swept ,  the servingmen in their new fustian ,  their white stockings ,  and every officer his wedding garment on ?	1
excellent .	1
he uses his clownishness to disguise his deadly wit .	1
cassius, be constant.	1
it would be good for you to do so much for charity .	1
ay, desdemona.	1
her speech is nothing, yet the unshaped use of it doth move the hearers to collection; they aim at it, and botch the words up fit to their own thoughts; which, as her winks and nods and gestures yield them, indeed would make one think there might be thought, though nothing sure, yet much unhappily.	1
a fair woman!	1
what should such fellows as i do crawling between earth and heaven ?	1
lechery, by this hand; an index and obscure prologue to the history of lust and foul thoughts.	1
shame on you !	1
give me another horse !	1
but ,  how ?	1
robin starveling ,  the tailor .	1
whenever i mention him ,  praise him more than any man deserves .	1
go to bed ,  dear .	1
then was this island— save for the son that she did litter here, a freckled whelp, hag-born—not honoured with a human shape.	1
shall i strike at it with my partisan ?	1
all school-days' friendship, childhood innocence?	1
with no sauce that can be devised to it .	1
shouldn’t i say ,   “ does a dog have money ?	1
then how can it be said i am alone when all the world is here to look on me?	1
i don’t like to see misery over-played, and duty dying in his service.	1
o king stephano!	1
he’s not himself because he feels so ashamed .	1
grumio ,  get me my horse .	1
but tell me ,  are you speaking seriously ?	1
i know no answer .	1
my services ,  which i have done the signiory ,  shall out - tongue his complaints .	1
it is a nipping and an eager air .	1
peace, ho!	1
that i was disdainful and that i had my good wit out of the hundred merry tales !	1
give me what i deserve ,  and do your duty !	1
i wish your horses are swift and sure of foot ,  and so go on for your ride .	1
but how should prospero be living and be here ?	1
sometimes you get a bit too wild ,  and you let your voice get a bit loud and rude .	1
nor i in yours till i again see mine.	1
i see ,  sir ,  you are eaten up with passion .	1
why, with my lord, madam.	1
didn’t you hear a cry?	1
there's fennel for you ,  and columbines .	1
my love!	1
fly, masters!	1
by th' clock ’tis day ,  and yet dark night strangles the travelling lamp .	1
help ,  help !	1
remember thee !	1
i hope the king made peace with all of us; and the compact is firm and true in me .	1
here the painter plays the spider in her hair ,  and has woven a golden mesh to capture the hearts of men faster than gnats are caught in cobwebs: but her eyes ! — how could he see to do them ?	1
you are too like the spirit of banquo.	1
if the jew cuts deep enough ,  i’ll pay it instantly with all my heart .	1
how now ?	1
i must fetch his necessaries ashore .	1
how prove you that in the great heap of your knowledge ?	1
you’re an insolent little boy .	1
you must play pyramus . —and flute ,  you thisbe .	1
how are you ,  sir ?	1
now, good metellus, go along by him.	1
say something .	1
it is the false servant ,  that stole his master's daughter .	1
but antonio is certainly bankrupt.	1
how now shall this be compassed ?	1
hide ,  i hear him coming .	1
cassius ,  what a night this is !	1
we’ll put a picture of you on a sign ,  right above the words  “ come see the tyrant !  ”  i’m not going to surrender and have to kiss the ground in front of malcolm ,  or be taunted by the common people .	1
swear by her foot ,  that she may tread out the oath .	1
thyself shalt see the act .	1
let’s drink to our general !	1
do you not hear ,  fellows ?	1
let’s not get gloomy in our reminiscing ,  since there’s no reason for sadness anymore .	1
o, my lord, my lord, i have been so affrighted!	1
give me that letter ,  sir .	1
you kiss by th’ book .	1
rubbish !	1
then whistle to me as signal that you hear something approaching .	1
how now, my lord?	1
good fool ,  some ink ,  paper ,  and light ,  and convey what i will set down to my lady .	1
i am sorry for my cousin .	1
why ,  shall we turn to men ?	1
command him away .	1
from the earth’s womb ,  many different sorts of plants and animals come forth ,  and the earth provides her children with many excellent forms of nourishment .	1
we're going to church tomorrow .	1
will not the mayor then and his brethren come ?	1
i dreamt tonight that i did feast with caesar ,  and things unluckily charge my fantasy .	1
i will be gone, sir, and not trouble you.	1
why then, lead on.	1
the pox of such antic ,  lisping ,  affecting fantasticoes—these new tuners of accent !	1
was my father a traitor, mother?	1
very strangely, they say.	1
farewell .	1
you’ll see that you’re both wrong .	1
the handkerchief !	1
you all did see that on the lupercal i thrice presented him a kingly crown ,  which he did thrice refuse .	1
death ,  that hath ta'en her hence to make me wail ,  ties up my tongue and will not let me speak .	1
your grace does me as great honors as can be desired in the hearts of his subjects .	1
this letter’s going to turn him into a starry - eyed idiot .	1
his daughters seek his death .	1
that now sweno, the norways’ king, craves composition; nor would we deign him burial of his men till he disbursed, at saint colme's inch, ten thousand dollars to our general use.	1
i'll go farther off .	1
all the perfumes of arabia will not sweeten this little hand.	1
ay ,  so he says .	1
listen ,  listen !	1
gives me the lie i' the throat, as deep as to the lungs?	1
i remember the first time ever caesar put it on; 'twas on a summer's evening ,  in his tent ,  that day he overcame the nervii .	1
my mother stays.	1
my oberon!	1
there is no terror, cassius, in your threats, for i am arm'd so strong in honesty, that they pass by me as the idle wind which i respect not.	1
oh weary night ,  oh long and tedious night ,  cut your hours short !	1
what would he do if he had the motive and the cue for passion that i have ?	1
lucentio !	1
gentlemen ,  you are welcome to elsinore .	1
please be quiet .	1
the  i thank you .	1
well, proceed.	1
go to ,  go to .	1
seek him, bid him come here.	1
kind and dear princess !	1
for england ?	1
if you call me jephthah ,  my lord ,  i have a daughter that i love passing well .	1
thou art a fool .	1
this even-handed justice commends the ingredients of our poison'd chalice to our own lips.	1
my father ,  poorly led ?	1
ay ,  good my lord .	1
hence ,  and stand aloof .	1
his bark is stoutly timber'd ,  and his pilot of very expert and approved allowance; therefore my hopes ,  not surfeited to death ,  stand in bold cure .	1
going to find a fellow brother ,  one of our order ,  to help me visit the sick here in this city ,  and finding him ,  the searchers of the town ,  suspecting that we both were in a house where the infectious plague was ,  sealed up the doors ,  and wouldn’t let us leave; so that my speed to mantua was delayed by that .	1
with no toasts, you might as well stay home, because away from home, ceremony is the sauce to meat, getting together would be bare without it.	1
i have neither cleverness nor rhetorical skill nor the authority nor gesture nor eloquence nor the power of speech to stir men up .	1
you come here with letters against the king ,  and you take his conceited daughter’s side against his royal highness .	1
nay ,  i am for all waters .	1
enough of your magic spells ,  you hateful ,  withered hag .	1
but all remember what you have said ,  and show yourselves true romans .	1
if it be so ,  how little is the cost i have bestow'd ,  in purchasing the semblance of my soul from out the state of hellish cruelty !	1
duke frederick ,  hearing how that every day men of great worth resorted to this forest ,  addressed a mighty power ,  which were on foot in his own conduct ,  purposely to take his brother here and put him to the sword .	1
it would be better for macbeth to rule than someone like me .	1
what undertaking, popilius?	1
gentlemen, for shame!	1
there lies that tybalt .	1
i’ll call sir toby the whilst .	1
is it they ?	1
you wrong me even more ,  sir ,  by denying it .	1
please ,  all of you ,  stand up .	1
for when thou gavest them the rod ,  and put’st down thine own breeches ,             prithee ,  nuncle ,  keep a schoolmaster that can teach thy fool to lie .	1
you will not then ?	1
of all the days i' the year, i came to't that day that our last king hamlet overcame fortinbras.	1
chop off his head .	1
i have done the deed .	1
i am thoroughly informed about the case.	1
o ,  treachery !	1
was ’t not the way ?	1
romeo spoke nicely to him ,  asked him to consider how silly the quarrel was ,  and in addition ,  advised him of your high displeasure .	1
oh ,  ay ,  curtis ,  ay ,  and therefore fire ,  fire .	1
please, is my master returned yet?	1
away !	1
a house ,  a person ?	1
this is more strange than such a murder is .	1
oh ,  god 'i' good e'en .	1
then you’re a fool for being sad that your brother’s soul is in heaven .	1
she might lie by an emperor's side and order him to work.	1
how can that be ,  unless she drowned herself in her own defense ?	1
when such a great man dies there should be a thunderclap .	1
what is your pleasure, madam?	1
thou hast .	1
the queen carouses to thy fortune ,  hamlet .	1
where are these hearts?	1
pitiful day ,  she's dead ,  she's dead ,  she's dead !	1
from tripolis ,  from mexico ,  and england ,  from lisbon ,  barbary ,  and india ?	1
no ,  the one i gave you .	1
i say ,  amen ,  gonzalo !	1
and then you’ll see that despite what you thought ,  i’ll be as powerful as i was before .	1
go quickly to church; i must go another way ,  to fetch a ladder ,  by the which your love must climb to a bird's nest soon ,  when it is dark .	1
for this drivelling love is like a great natural that runs lolling up and down to hide his bauble in a hole .	1
and so adieu ,  good madam .	1
who then shall blame his pestered senses to recoil and start ,  when all that is within him does condemn itself for being there ?	1
how did you tolerate prison ?	1
weep'st thou for him to my face?	1
and ,  make no mistake ,  you’ll find ,  as we his subjects have ,  an amazing difference between the king as a young man and the way he is now .	1
how can i help you ,  sir ?	1
sister ,  where thou ?	1
what name ,  madam ?	1
the urging of that word  “ judgment ”  hath bred a kind of remorse in me .	1
they stand ,  and would have parley .	1
long since thy husband served me in my wars ,  and i to thee engaged a prince’s word ,  when thou didst make him master of thy bed ,  to do him all the grace and good i could .	1
o ye gods, render me worthy of this noble wife!	1
lulla ,  lulla ,  lullaby; lulla ,  lulla ,  lullaby .	1
goodbye ,  sir .	1
it is only change ,  titinius ,  because octavius is overthrown by noble brutus' power ,  as cassius' armies are by antony .	1
what will you tell her, nurse?	1
well, it shall be so.	1
be careful; be perfect; goodbye.	1
why is time such a niggard of hair ,  being ,  as it is ,  so plentiful an excrement ?	1
but let him come.	1
o day !	1
these tedious old fools!	1
an inviting eye ,  and still i think it is properly modest .	1
what ,  is antonio here ?	1
and you’re my husband ,  right ?	1
pray you ,  be round with him .	1
where ?	1
were i my father ,  coz ,  would i do this ?	1
wasn’t that cassio leaving my wife ?	1
well ,  then ,  what should we do for fun instead ?	1
i promise i will .	1
well then ,  take a good heart and counterfeit to be a man .	1
i will run ,  fiend .	1
our reasons are so well considered that even if you ,  antony ,  were caesar’s son ,  you would be satisfied with them .	1
most noble man ,  will you die ?	1
i feel sorry for you .	1
spirits, which, by my magic, i have called from their borders to enact my present wishes.	1
o cassius ,  you are yoked with a lamb ,  that carries anger as the flint bears fire ,  who ,  much enforced ,  shows a hasty spark and straight is cold again .	1
we’ll hurry .	1
no ,  good man ,  be patient .	1
i know ,  prince .	1
no, let the sweet tongue lick ridiculous vain glory, and bend the obvious hinges of the knee where poverty may follow flattery.	1
tis worse than murder to do upon respect such violent outrage .	1
please, we will stand here and wait for your instructions.	1
whilst you were here o'erwhelmed with your grief— a passion most unsuiting such a man— cassio came hither.	1
hover about her; say that right for right hath dimmed your infant morn to agèd night .	1
the words expressly specify  “ a pound of flesh .  ”  so take your penalty of a pound of flesh ,  but if you shed one drop of christian blood when you cut it ,  the state of venice will confiscate your land and property under venetian law .	1
his answer was ,  the people were not used to be spoke to but by the recorder .	1
so is lysander .	1
sir, i obey the mandate, and will return to venice.	1
thunder] [thunder] alas, the storm is come again!	1
this honest creature undoubtedly sees and knows more ,  much more ,  than he reveals .	1
say that she rail; why then i’ll tell her plain she sings as sweetly as a nightingale .	1
tis heavy night ,  these may be counterfeits .	1
i wish he would change !	1
now ,  good my lord ,  lie here and rest awhile .	1
get out ,  dog !	1
when you free your children from the sword ,  your grandchildren will repay you in your old age .	1
and lovers' absent hours more tedious than the dial eightscore times !	1
no ,  my good lord ,  but ,  as you did command ,  i did reject his letters and denied his access to me .	1
gertrude ,  don’t drink that .	1
get going; away !	1
then i would you were so honest a man .	1
read it ,  great caesar .	1
doesn’t a jew eat the same food ,  get hurt with the same weapons ,  get sick with the same diseases ,  get healed by the same medicine ,  and warm up in summer and cool off in winter just like a christian ?	1
thou mayst revenge .	1
yes ,  sir .	1
i would not kill thy soul.	1
some say the lark makes sweet division in its songs; this isn’t true ,  because she divides us .	1
i go ,  sir ,  but i would not have you to think that my desire of having is the sin of covetousness .	1
over your wounds—which ,  like speechless mouths ,  open their red lips ,  as though to beg me to speak—i predict that a curse will fall upon the bodies of men .	1
it’ll be lunchtime within an hour .	1
come ,  sir ,  i am for you .	1
what says polonius ?	1
there’s my hand .	1
as i did stand my watch upon the hill ,  i look'd toward birnam ,  and anon ,  methought ,  the wood began to move .	1
o dear ophelia, i am ill at these numbers; i have not art to reckon my groans.	1
we’ll hear him . —noble antony ,  go up .	1
there is ,  there is .	1
you are ,  and do not know ’t .	1
but yet methinks it is very sultry and hot for my complexion.	1
ho !	1
stop it ,  i order you .	1
in a king ,  the sight is unbearable .	1
you look angerly .	1
how like a younger ,  or a prodigal ,  the scarfed bark puts from her native bay ,  hugg'd and embraced by the strumpet wind !	1
myself myself confound ,  heaven and fortune bar me happy hours ,  day ,  yield me not thy light ,  nor night thy rest ,  be opposite all planets of good luck to my proceedings if ,  with dear heart’s love ,  immaculate devotion ,  holy thoughts ,  i tender not thy beauteous princely daughter .	1
her name is margery ,  indeed: i'll swear ,  if you are launcelot ,  you are my own flesh and blood .	1
look you pale, mistress?	1
there’s hell ,  there’s darkness ,  there’s the sulfurous pit— burning ,  scalding ,  stench ,  consumption !	1
that can’t be it, since i still have all those things for which i did the murder, my crown, my own ambition, and my queen.	1
blow me about in winds !	1
but ,  o ,  what form of prayer can serve my turn ?	1
don’t try my patience and push me too hard, because the sight of you makes me sick.	1
when came this to you ?	1
i hear a tongue ,  shriller than all the music ,  cry  “ caesar .  ”  speak ,  caesar is turn'd to hear .	1
since cleopatra died i have lived in such dishonor that the gods detest my baseness .	1
i don’t like it that you knew about this ,  iago .	1
let me see philostrate .	1
pray heavens he be ,  for i have served him ,  and the man commands like a full soldier .	1
if i can recover him and keep him tame ,  i will not take too much for him .	1
no more ,  i pray thee; i am half afeard ,  thou wilt say anon he is some kin to thee ,  thou spend'st such high - day wit in praising him .	1
iago hath direction what to do; but notwithstanding, with my personal eye will i look to't.	1
you are really putting your virginity at risk, to leave the city, and surrender yourself to the hands of someone who doesn’t love you, to go night thinking that nothing can happen, and to come to a deserted place, with something as rich as your virginity.	1
you desperate sea captain, now run your sea-sick weary ship onto the dashing rocks all at once!	1
let housewifery appear .	1
demetrius and egeus ,  go ahead; i must ask you to do a few things about the wedding ,  and meet with you about some issues that affect you .	1
here were the servants of your adversary and yours ,  close fighting ere i did approach .	1
tell us about this wrestling .	1
though i expect she’ll wear me out more quickly than i’ll wear out what i’m wearing—which will be good for her and even better for me !	1
hang on a minute ,  here’s some money for you .	1
by god, my lord, well spoken, with good accent and good judgment.	1
it is .	1
my lord ,  i don’t think i cried out .	1
i also think that there would be hands uplifted in my defense, and here, from gracious england, i have the offer of goodly thousands.	1
we doubt it nothing .	1
tis a quick lie, sir; 'twill away again from me to you.	1
hold, ho!—lieutenant—sir—montano—gentlemen— have you forgot all place of sense and duty?	1
i like not fair terms and a villain's mind .	1
to get his place and to plume up my will in double knavery .	1
as i descended?	1
i like him not ,  nor stands it safe with us to let his madness range .	1
but why should my reputation for honor last longer than my honor did ?	1
hurt him in eleven places .	1
o gentle lady ,  'tis not for you to hear what i can speak: the repetition ,  in a woman’s ear ,  would murder as it fell .	1
he is well paid that is well satisfied; and i am satisfied in delivering you, and therefore, i consider myself well paid: my mind never wanted anything else in payment.	1
good god ,  betimes remove the means that makes us strangers !	1
i saw her laid low in her kindred's vault and presently took post to tell it you .	1
be you his eunuch ,  and your mute i’ll be .	1
of these we told him ,  and there did seem in him a kind of joy to hear of it .	1
what kind of life do you lead that your poor friends must beg for your company ?	1
little birds do it ,  and dragonflies copulate right in front of me .	1
shame come to romeo !	1
i’ll get him to come here ,  and you can ask him yourself .	1
and ,  noble signior ,  if virtue is missing delightful beauty ,  your son - in - law is far more just than black .	1
he’s offered me a lot of affection lately .	1
no ,  i warrant you .	1
why ,  such is love's transgression .	1
what ceremony else?	1
when thou once wast beaten from modena ,  where thou slew’st hirtius and pansa ,  consuls ,  at thy heel did famine follow ,  whom thou fought’st against ,  though daintily brought up ,  with patience more than savages could suffer .	1
post back with speed ,  and tell him what hath chanced .	1
won’t they say later, if they should go on to become common players, which is likely, and their lives are no better, that their writers did them wrong to make them exclaim against their own success?	1
and that’s why he went crazy .	1
will you yield and this avoid or ,  guilty in defense ,  be thus destroyed ?	1
who the hell are you?	1
lights, lights, lights!	1
weeping and wailing over tybalt's corpse .	1
who builds his hopes in air of your good looks lives like a drunken sailor on a mast ,  ready with every nod to tumble down into the fatal bowels of the deep .	1
what said northumberland as touching richmond ?	1
i am not here to disprove what brutus has said ,  but to say what  i think there’s a lot of sense in what he says .	1
what's the disease he means?	1
we heard that once you were served eight wild boars roasted whole for breakfast—for only twelve people !	1
a sealed bag ,  two sealed bags of dollars ,  of double dollars ,  stolen from me by my daughter !	1
i can’t believe it .  ”  the tears fell from her eyes like holy water .	1
and squabble ?	1
otherwise ,  you’d see me blushing about the things you’ve heard me say tonight .	1
say this becomes him— as his composure must be rare indeed whom these things cannot blemish—yet must antony no way excuse his foils when we do bear so great weight in his lightness .	1
the moor has killed my mistress!	1
yes .	1
not i; unless the breath of heartsick groans ,  like a mist wraps me up and hides me from the search of eyes .	1
if that the earth could teem with woman's tears ,  each drop she falls would prove a crocodile .	1
this villain is much quicker than i am .	1
i wish you had never seen him !	1
why, for that too.	1
welcome ,  mistress .	1
go, gratiano, run and catch him; give him the ring, and bring him, if you can, to antonio's house.	1
by heaven, that should be my handkerchief!	1
and how did you get in here ?	1
o dear!	1
what is't?	1
it is the cry of women, my good lord.	1
a gentleman, nurse, that loves to hear himself talk, and will speak more in a minute than you think should do for a month.	1
i have no idea what you’re talking about ,  hamlet .	1
thank you ,  sir .	1
or is it a grief owned entirely by one person?	1
no ,  by this hand .	1
i cannot speak enough of this content; it stops me here; it is too much of joy: and this ,  and this ,  the greatest discords be they kiss .	1
revenge it like a man .	1
close by, my master.	1
amen, with all my heart!	1
if cassio do remain, he hath a daily beauty in his life that makes me ugly; and besides, the moor may unfold me to him; there stand i in much peril: no, he must die.	1
it’s his fault that he’s all worked up like this .	1
fabian can hardly control him over there .	1
we all expect a gentle answer ,  jew .	1
fie ,  demetrius !	1
for this time i will leave you.	1
ah ,  soldier !	1
i shall be saved by my husband; he hath made me a christian.	1
didn’t this frighten our captains ,  macbeth and banquo ?	1
i have two nights watched with you ,  but can perceive no truth in your report .	1
nurse, commend me to your lady and mistress.	1
if any man in italy have a fairer table, which doth offer to swear upon a book, i shall have good fortune!	1
come and see the proof .	1
night hangs upon mine eyes .	1
i could well wish courtesy would invent some other custom of entertainment .	1
yes ,  you’ve been a ladies' man in your time .	1
come ,  come ,  you talk .	1
are our eyes our own ?	1
yes ?	1
thyself shalt see the act: for ,  as thou urgest justice ,  be assur'd thou shalt have justice ,  more than thou desirest .	1
if 'twere no other— 'tis but so, i warrant.	1
let spoiled children ,  light of heart ,  tickle the senseless weeds with their running and dancing; for i am composing proverbs with a grandfather’s words ,  i'll be a candle - holder and look on ,  the game was never any fun and i am done .	1
here comes the king ,  the queen ,  and the noblemen of court .	1
speak the part ,  i beg you ,  as i read it to you ,  lightly on your tongue .	1
companion ,  hence !	1
it appears, by his small light of discretion, that he is growing dark, but still, politely, in all reason, we must pass the time.	1
the beautiful helen of troy had a thousand suitors .	1
ay ,  madam .	1
i know the man a bit .	1
say you?	1
i but believe it partly, for i am fresh of spirit and resolved to meet all perils very constantly.	1
tell antony ,  brutus is taken .	1
for though she’s as like this as a crab’s like an apple ,  yet i can tell what i can tell .	1
i’m afraid he will beat me .	1
goodbye, my lord.	1
marry ,  now i can tell .	1
now the witch take me if i meant it thus !	1
he’ll be like this for a little while .	1
away, get going!	1
come to the capitol.	1
hear antony; most noble antony!	1
what ,  are you busy ,  ho ?	1
i don’t want to kill you before you’ve readied your soul .	1
i think their inhibition comes by the means of the late innovation .	1
tonight i’ll throw through his window a few letters in different handwriting—as if they came from several citizens—all testifying to the great respect romans have for brutus ,  and all alluding to caesar’s unseemly ambition .	1
yes ,  go ahead and smile on her; i will trap you in your own courtship .	1
what i can do i will; and more i will than for myself i dare.	1
good husband ,  come home presently .	1
i know not what you mean by that ,  but i am sure caesar fell down .	1
have you met with him ?	1
what time ?	1
o my lord !	1
i thank my noble lord.	1
goodbye to you all .	1
tis safer to be that which we destroy than by destruction dwell in doubtful joy .	1
i am considered as fair as she is throughout athens.	1
it is .	1
do they grow rusty?	1
he lives that loves thee better than he could .	1
my child, my only life!	1
i would out - night you ,  did no body come; but ,  hark ,  i hear the footing of a man .	1
she is a royal princess .	1
you swear never to mention what you’ve seen .	1
why, one that swears and lies.	1
sister ,  welcome .	1
how did my master die, strato?	1
why ,  what do i care ?	1
i won’t stand for it .	1
i’m indeed ,  sir ,  a surgeon to old shoes; when they’re in great danger ,  i re - cover them .	1
do you get what i’m saying ,  reynaldo ?	1
i wish i were as big and strong as you .	1
each new morning ,  new widows howl ,  new orphans cry ,  new sorrows strike heaven on the face so that it echoes as if it felt scotland’s pain ,  and yelled out like a sigh of sorrow .	1
why does he talk like that to a girl he can’t stand ?	1
sound ,  music .	1
may god and his angels guard your sacred throne and grant that you dignify it for a long time .	1
how do you both plead ?	1
why ,	1
many of antonio's creditors came with me to venice ,  swearing he can only go broke .	1
get somebody strong to carry him out of here .	1
thursday is near; lay hand on heart, advise: an you be mine, i'll give you to my friend; an you be not, hang, beg, starve, die in the streets, for, by my soul, i'll ne'er acknowledge thee, nor what is mine shall never do thee good.	1
or ,  if you do not ,  make the bridal bed in that dim monument where tybalt lies .	1
who’s there ?	1
now ,  when the bridegroom in the morning comes to rouse thee from thy bed ,  there art thou dead .	1
and i am your rosalind .	1
i am unfortunate in the infirmity ,  and dare not task my weakness with any more .	1
why ,  this was molded on a porringer !	1
indeed, to speak feelingly of him, he is the card or calendar of gentry; for you shall find in him the continent of what part a gen- tleman would see.	1
let him mount the pulpit .	1
dead.	1
no, faith, my lord.	1
i can see yet without spectacles ,  and i see no such matter .	1
why ,  if two gods should play some heavenly match ,  and place a bet on two earthly women ,  and portia is one of them ,  there must be something else to bet on with the other ,  because the poor rude world does not have her equal .	1
marry ,  your manhood ,  mew !	1
oh ,  hell !	1
can you do it ?	1
let’s hide and listen .	1
but this it is: our foot upon the hills adjoining to the city shall stay with us .	1
i’ve already had a glass of wine tonight ,  watered down ,  but look how drunk i am .	1
let me ,  on my knee ,  win this argument .	1
she deserves to have rocks and stones thrown on her body .	1
my fair rosalind ,  i come within an hour of my promise .	1
come on ,  woo me ,  woo me .	1
why ,  friends ,  you go to do you know not what .	1
if thou wilt lend this money ,  lend it not as to thy friends ,  for when did friendship take a breed for barren metal of his friend ?	1
my royal kinsman ,  are you teaching our princess english ?	1
what should i say ?	1
for my part ,  i have walked about the streets ,  submitting me unto the perilous night ,  and ,  thus unbracèd ,  casca ,  as you see ,  have bared my bosom to the thunder - stone .	1
one angelo ,  a goldsmith .	1
now bury the living and dead, until you have made a mountain from this flat earth to be higher than the mountain of italy or the skyish head of blue mount olympus.	1
who chooseth me shall get as much as he deserves .  ”   “ as much as he deserves !  ” —pause there ,  morocco ,  and weigh thy value with an even hand .	1
shall i descend?	1
he’ll bring a lot of money to the person who owns him ,  that’s for sure .	1
have you got eyes?	1
hold you still .	1
my mistress with a monster is in love.	1
the shallowest thick-skin of that barren sort, who pyramus presented, in their sport forsook his scene and ent'red in a brake; when i did him at this advantage take, an ass's nole i fixed on his head.	1
give me my veil .	1
were his wounds on his front side ?	1
you have always been the father of good news .	1
it’s going to be fun ,  i promise .	1
this might be the pate of a politician, which this ass now o'erreaches; one that would circumvent god, might it not?	1
good .	1
marry ,  i saw your niece do more favors to the count’s servingman than ever she bestowed upon me .	1
how beauteous mankind is !	1
naked in bed ,  iago ,  and not mean harm !	1
good luck ,  fair gentleman .	1
let’s all sink wi' th' king .	1
what good could they claim?	1
look to your wife; observe her well with cassio; wear your eye thus, not jealous nor secure.	1
why is this all wagered ,  as you call it ?	1
it’s a very sad day .	1
advantage is a better soldier than rashness .	1
oh ,  bloody period !	1
what an eye she has !	1
this same should be the voice of friar john .	1
but ,  hey ,  this doesn’t mean you’re looking to get married ,  does it ?	1
o, this is counter, you false danish dogs!	1
save his majesty!	1
your worship was wont to tell me ,  i could do nothing without bidding .	1
find the girl !	1
who ,  he ?	1
patience perforce with wilful choler meeting makes my flesh tremble in their different greeting .	1
murellus and flavius have been punished for pulling scarves off statues of caesar .	1
o weary calculations!	1
my god !	1
if any such there be ,  heaven pardon him !	1
oh ,  the poor bird .	1
i don’t think you can ,  because then you weren’t three years old yet .	1
but what of that ?	1
most horrible!	1
that’s true: who gets up from a feast with the same hunger that he had when he sat down?	1
i should not then ask casca what had chanced.	1
come ,  come ,  good wine is a good familiar creature ,  if it be well used .	1
what you wanted is yours .	1
how are you ,  malvolio ?	1
would she were hearsed at my foot, and the ducats in her coffin!	1
for this time i will leave you .	1
i will live in thy heart ,  die in thy lap ,  and be buried in thy eyes—and moreover ,  i will go with thee to thy uncle’s .	1
she says she thinks this is a prank .	1
we still know you are a holy man.	1
if every ducat in six thousand ducats were in six parts, and every part a ducat, i would not draw them,—i would have my bond.	1
if you have a gut feeling, obey it.	1
i will bite thee by the ear for that jest .	1
yes ,  sir .	1
o sweet my mother ,  cast me not away !	1
how does my good lord hamlet ?	1
yes .	1
and so she turns men inside out and never acknowledges the integrity and merit that a man has .	1
o, tell not me of fear!	1
by mary, well thought.	1
madam !	1
he said mine eyes were black and my hair black and ,  now i am remembered ,  scorned at me .	1
where?	1
tell him, if it pleases him come to this place, he shall get an explanation and, by my honor, leave here safely.	1
thou did promise to bate me a full year.	1
goodbye .	1
o, she is more the angel, and you the blacker devil!	1
th’ art an honest man .	1
will you deny me now ?	1
but don’t let me keep you from going ,  cassius .	1
not crazy, but more tied up than a madman is; i am shut up in prison, kept without my food, whipped and tormented and— good day, good fellow.	1
be the jacks fair within ,  the jills fair without ,  the carpets laid ,  and everything in order ?	1
tis true .	1
why call you for a sword ?	1
look, how our partner's rapt.	1
tonight, my lord?	1
the lord protect him from that kingly title !	1
on ,  on ,  you noblest englishmen ,  descended as you are from battle - tested fathers ,  fathers who ,  like so many alexander the greats ,  have fought in these regions from morning until night ,  sheathing their swords only when there was no one left to fight .	1
pish !	1
look at me crying—what a fool i am to cry at what makes me happy .	1
no ,  my lord ,  i saw nothing .	1
when duncan is asleep, which should be soon since he is very tired from his day's hard journey, i will go to his two chamberlains with wine and carousing so their memory, the guardian of the brain, will be a wisp of smoke, and the tired brain won’t be able to think clearly.	1
it seems not meet ,  nor wholesome to my place ,  to be produced—as ,  if i stay ,  i shall— against the moor .	1
now let richmond and elizabeth ,  the true heirs of each royal house ,  be joined together !	1
who is that gentleman over there ?	1
if it will please you to show us so much gentry and good will as to expend your time with us awhile for the supply and profit of our hope ,  your visitation shall receive such thanks as fits a king's remembrance .	1
sometime am i all wound with adders who with cloven tongues do hiss me into madness .	1
just as bad ,  my lord .	1
i am the unhappy subject of these quarrels .	1
he speaks freely, madam.	1
no ,  who are you ?	1
there were enough christians before—as many of them as could stand to live near each other .	1
this is no way to treat a host who has welcomed you into his house .	1
you jig, you amble, and you lisp; and nickname god's creatures and make your wantonness your ignorance.	1
listen to me, because i will speak.	1
are we all ready ?	1
i say he’s a dull thing, that caliban, whom now i keep as a servant.	1
i wish that were true for both our sakes !	1
then will i come to my mother by and by .	1
it is shaped like a weasel.	1
i have a list of all the important men .	1
for some reason he’s in prison now on some legal technicality ,  on malvolio’s orders .	1
not where he eats ,  but where he is eaten .	1
i remember .	1
damn my suspicious thoughts !	1
i humbly thank you ,  sir .	1
tell me that you’ll accept my love .	1
o heaven ,  that you would expose such companions ,  and put a whip in every honest hand to whip the rascals naked throughout the world ,  even from the east to the west !	1
you have such a husband in me as she is for a wife.	1
come ,  come; cut thread and thrum; quail ,  crush ,  conclude ,  and quell .	1
those that have known the earth so full of faults .	1
i believe you ,  and i ask you to forgive me .	1
signior hortensio ,  come you to part the fray ?	1
we are fortunate in the change .	1
i’ll recite a prophecy before i go .	1
shall i stay in this dreary world ,  which is no better than a pigsty without you ?	1
aside .	1
i loved this man so much it makes me weep .	1
today i’m going to get what i said i wished would happen to me if i was ever false to king edward’s children or his wife’s allies .	1
take revenge for his horrible murder ,  that crime against nature .	1
the contents ,  as in part i understand them ,  are to blame .	1
the, who took my letter to romeo?	1
as well as i can ,  madam .	1
sirs, the duke is coming from the temple; and there are two or three lords and ladies more married.	1
strike !	1
no–the law goes further: if anyone born in ephesus is seen in syracuse’s marketplaces or if anyone born in syracuse comes to ephesus ,  that man dies ,  and his possessions will be confiscated by the duke ,  unless he can raise a thousand marks to pay the penalty and ransom himself .	1
therefore ,  farewell .	1
then i’ll water all those precious herbs with my tears to make them grow .	1
i have yet room for six scotches more .	1
how beauteous mankind is!	1
sir ,  i will walk here in the hall .	1
would ’twere done .	1
my lady's dead!	1
i remember .	1
cursed be my tribe if i forgive him!	1
you’ll be sorry later ,  but it’ll be too late .	1
it’s not safe to go near them till we get more help .	1
not know my voice !	1
why ,  he has three thousand ducats a year .	1
welcome home ,  grumio .	1
shall rome stand under one man's awe?	1
you must awhile be patient.	1
my clerk has some good comforts for you ,  too .	1
why, what should i be afraid of?	1
but i beg your pardon .	1
this night—wherein the cub - drawn bear would couch ,  the lion and the belly - pinchèd wolf keep their fur dry—unbonneted he runs ,  and bids what will take all .	1
did you perceive how he laughed at his vice?	1
i will tomorrow ,  and betimes i will ,  to the weird sisters .	1
so much for this ,  sir; now shall you see the other .	1
but, sir, such answer as i can make, you shall command; or rather, as you say, my mother.	1
excellent ,  good .	1
no, alas, i found it, and i gave it to my husband.	1
i knew him, horatio: a fellow of infinite jest, of most excellent fancy.	1
fare you well, lord.	1
i’m bleeding ,  but you didn’t kill me .	1
my noble lord— what dost thou say ,  iago ?	1
you are a fool; be quiet.	1
is it they ?	1
aha !	1
and you told me bury love .	1
the more i hate him ,  the more he follows me around .	1
take it any way you like.	1
blow, wind!	1
or ,  if sour woe delights in fellowship and needly will be ranked with other griefs ,  why followed not ,  when she said  “ tybalt’s dead ,  ”   “ thy father ”  or  “ thy mother ,  ”  nay ,  or both ,  which modern lamentations might have moved ?	1
either death or you i'll find immediately .	1
go on; i'll go to dinner; go quickly to the cell.	1
they’re all welcome .	1
is this a dagger which i see before me, the handle pointed toward my hand?	1
but ,  well .	1
from this ,  i conclude that many different elements can work toward one common end—just as many arrows ,  shot from different points ,  converge on a single target; just as many roads meet in a single town; just as many fresh streams empty into only one salt sea; just as the many radiuses of a	1
why should he have followed you ?	1
listen !	1
come, let’s go to the king.	1
nay ,  forward ,  old man .	1
thank you for saying that .	1
go ahead; go; provide your money .	1
o damned iago !	1
now romeo is belov'd ,  and loves again ,  alike bewitched by the charm of looks; but to his foe suppos'd he must complain ,  and she steal love's sweet bait from fearful hooks .	1
i hate the moor; and it is widely thought that he has done my job between my sheets .	1
a dog of the house of montague moves me.	1
what’s that music ?	1
stand thee close ,  then ,  under this penthouse ,  for it drizzles rain ,  and i will ,  like a true drunkard ,  utter all to thee .	1
he is a notorious villain .	1
adieu .	1
anything .	1
in pity of the challenger’s youth ,  i would fain dissuade him ,  but he will not be entreated .	1
very well .	1
your mother was extremely virtuous ,  and she said you were my daughter .	1
stay here .	1
what handkerchief ?	1
then what’s antony ?	1
the senate has decided to give mighty caesar a crown today .	1
but you’re not quickly motivated to hit.	1
isn’t tomorrow ,  boy ,  the ides of march ?	1
i will go along.	1
i don’t know ,  sir .	1
how may we try it further?	1
he himself calls her a nonpareil .	1
utter my thoughts?	1
and did you leave him in this contemplation ?	1
i can tell you who time strolls for ,  who it trots for ,  who it gallops for ,  and who it stops cold for .	1
and, good lieutenant, i think you think i love you.	1
come, musicians, play.	1
the greatest is behind .	1
where was she born?	1
my falcon now is sharp and passing empty ,  and ,  till she stoop ,  she must not be full - gorged ,  for then she never looks upon her lure .	1
have you done yet ?	1
she weeps excessively about tybalt's death ,  and because of that ,  i haven’t talked a lot about love ,  because the goddess of love doesn’t smile in a house of tears .	1
i pray you ,  remember the porter .	1
here .	1
go carry them ,  and smear the sleepy guards with blood .	1
that's a fair thought to lie between maids' legs .	1
if i extinguish the candle ,  i can light it again if i regret it .	1
or came it by request and such fair question as soul to soul affordeth ?	1
thieves !	1
i will do so.	1
i cannot love him .	1
do i know these men that come along with you?	1
you who are beautiful beyond words ,  calm down and let me explain myself .	1
ride, ride, messala.	1
prepare the body ,  then ,  and follow us .	1
but is all this for your father ?	1
i nursed her daughter ,  whom you were just talking to .	1
villainous whore !	1
tis thought that richmond is their admiral; and there they hull ,  expecting but the aid of buckingham to welcome them ashore .	1
here's fine turnaround ,  if we were able to see it .	1
that’s enough .	1
promises are only good when you remember them, born of violence but poor truth, which now, like unripe fruit, stays on the tree, but fall without shaking them off when they are ripe.	1
the ground indeed is tawny .	1
march gently on to meet him .	1
i have.	1
how much better is it to weep at joy than to joy at weeping !	1
let’s meet him and receive him .	1
upon mine honor ,  sir ,  i heard a humming ,  and that a strange one too ,  which did awake me .	1
well moused ,  lion !	1
what was i saying ?	1
think of me as you please .	1
should i not say, hath a dog money?	1
you will never fall victim to benedick’s charms ,  my niece .	1
and may ,  but how ?	1
they say there's but five upon this isle: we are three of them; if th'other two be brained like us ,  the state totters .	1
come ,  let us sup betimes ,  that afterwards we may digest our complots in some form .	1
i know that he’ll be on our side .	1
but i bet fortinbras will win the election to the danish crown .	1
what shall i say ?	1
i have them ready .	1
if you poison us, don’t we die?	1
am i like such a fellow?	1
listen ,  boy !	1
god knows i loved my niece ,  and now she’s dead—slandered to death by cowards who would just as likely fight a real man as i would grab a poisonous snake by the tongue .	1
thy wit is a very bitter sweeting; it is a most sharp sauce.	1
i saw bassanio and antonio part: bassanio told him ,  he would make some speed of his return; he answer'd—do not so ,  slubber not business for my sake ,  bassanio ,  but stay the very riping of the time; and for the jew's bond ,  which he hath of me ,  let it not enter in your mind of love: be merry; and employ your chiefest thoughts to courtship ,  and such fair ostents of love ,  as shall conveniently become you there: and even there ,  his eye being big with tears ,  turning his face ,  he put his hand behind him ,  and ,  with affection wondrous sensible ,  he wrung bassanio's hand ,  and so they parted .	1
his forward voice now is to speak well of his friend; his backward voice is to utter foul speeches and to detract.	1
i’m not competitive like antony .	1
my heart is ten times lighter than my looks .	1
will you go to them ?	1
decius ,  go tell them that caesar won’t come .	1
so ,  like a painted tyrant ,  pyrrhus stood ,  and ,  as if not giving in to his will and body ,  did nothing .	1
cassio knows you not .	1
help ,  help !	1
ready.	1
farewell .	1
come ,  ariel—i summon you with a thought .	1
he is descried .	1
indeed ,  my lord ,  you made me believe so .	1
better to have an extra servant on hand than be understaffed .	1
how weary ,  stale ,  flat and unprofitable seem to me all the uses of this world !	1
have you not read ,  roderigo ,  of some such thing ?	1
beware macduff; beware the baron of fife .	1
has romeo killed himself?	1
what stops?	1
what he will do with it heaven knows, not i; i nothing but to please his fantasy.	1
i’ve never seen the waters so disturbed .	1
what art thou that usurp'st this time of night, together with that fair and warlike form in which the majesty of buried denmark did sometimes march?	1
no, sir, there are more with him.	1
well ,  be it so .	1
these lovers are saying some strange things ,  theseus .	1
he knows me as the blind man knows the cuckoo— by the bad voice .	1
out of doubt he is transported .	1
speak .	1
look ,  and you’ll see .	1
it’s been eleven years since the earthquake; and she was weaned, i never shall forget it , of all the days of the year, upon that day.	1
and ,  my dear sister ,  as long as the winds are blowing and ships are sailing ,  let me hear from you—write .	1
say ,  isn’t this the latin master cambio ?	1
but if these— as i am sure they do—bear fire enough to kindle cowards and to steel with valor the melting spirits of women ,  then ,  countrymen ,  what need we any spur but our own cause to prick us to redress ?	1
his beard was as white as snow, all flaxen was his poll.	1
the lack of time and the risk i’m under will have to keep us from bonding and catching up on each other’s news the way we usually would after not seeing each other for so long .	1
listen, listen!	1
dost thou hear, my honest friend?	1
so ,  fare thee well .	1
a certain convocation of politic worms are e'en at him .	1
an eagle ,  madam ,  hath not so green ,  so quick ,  so fair an eye as paris hath .	1
let them begin .	1
what wife?	1
i’m cinna the poet; i’m cinna the poet.	1
a friend.	1
on my life i swear to you that your youngest daughter doesn’t love you least .	1
a plague on the tyrant that i serve !	1
as killing a king!	1
proclaim no shame when the compulsive ardour gives the charge ,  since frost itself as actively doth burn ,  and reason panders will .	1
i do never use it .	1
goodbye .	1
i see you like to make big offers ,  sir .	1
how should i know your true love from another one ?	1
i hope you think i’m faithful to you .	1
i have two nights watched with you, but can perceive no truth in your report.	1
scorn and derision never come in tears.	1
thou shalt get kings, though thou be none.	1
one more, one more; be like this when you are dead, and i will kill you, and love you after.	1
now, my titania; wake you, my sweet queen.	1
therefore ,   go ,  clear thy crystals . —yoke - fellows in arms ,  let us to france ,  like horse - leeches ,  my boys ,  to suck ,  to suck ,  the very blood to suck .	1
ere i would say i would drown myself for the love of a guinea hen ,  i would change my humanity with a baboon .	1
wherefore speaks he this to her he hates?	1
what is it that they do when they exchange us for others ?	1
o dear discretion ,  how his words are suited !	1
not that we love words better ,  as you do .	1
then we’ll call this the battle of agincourt ,  fought on the day of crispin crispianus .	1
i have none.	1
i must not say no .	1
do you not know i am a woman ?	1
let the earth hide you!	1
brutus, my lord!	1
do you not jest?	1
well ,  well ,  let’s go .	1
you will compel me then to read the will?	1
well ,  then ,  confess ,  and live .	1
oh ,  my heart !	1
i cannot be so partial ,  goneril ,  to the great love i bear you—      pray you ,  content .	1
all for your delight we are not here.	1
soft !	1
you mean however they dare .	1
we'll to church to - morrow .	1
i predict he comes to tell me of the players, listen.	1
before he leaves this part of the forest ,  you’ll change places: you’ll be the one running away ,  and he’ll be in love with you .	1
ding, dong, bell.	1
benedick ,  beatrice praised your wit the other day .	1
i hear none ,  madam .	1
the man should be inside the lantern .	1
by heaven ,  i don’t ,  i don’t ,  gentlemen .	1
and i must be from thence !	1
let me play the lion too .	1
at nine i' the morning here we'll meet again.	1
i’m glad to hear it; because now i shall have reason to show the love and duty that i bear you with a more open spirit .	1
cousin ,  you didn’t used to be so thickheaded .	1
oh ,  let her live ,  and i’ll ruin her manners and her beauty .	1
wolfish - rabid lamb !	1
is it fit ,  the threefold world divided ,  he should stand one of the three to share it ?	1
yes, my good lord.	1
tell me that .	1
come ,  come ,  let us thither .	1
wednesday is to - morrow .	1
let the galled jade winch; our withers are unwrung .	1
here comes another troop to seek for you.	1
when i burned in desire to question them further ,  they made themselves vanish into thin air .	1
not in the legions of horrid hell can come a devil more damned in evils to top macbeth.	1
well; tell me now ,  what lady is the same to whom you swore a secret pilgrimage ,  that you to - day promis'd to tell me of ?	1
never ,  my lord .	1
and do you now strew flowers in his way that comes in triumph over pompey's blood?	1
not dead ?	1
thieves !	1
the lady is waking up.	1
here stands the man, good.	1
not a second more .	1
leave hermia alone .	1
the gentleman she danced with told her you insulted her .	1
if i’d been a common laborer and hadn’t taken him up on his offer ,  to hell with me .	1
i shouldn’t need to ,  if you were acting like gentle brutus .	1
well ,  think of marriage now .	1
oh !	1
we have willing dames enough, so there cannot be that vulture in you, to devour so many as will dedicate themselves to greatness, finding greatness so inclined.	1
a kind good night to all !	1
let him do his spite .	1
you may relish him more in the soldier than in the scholar .	1
you told me so .	1
in your christening ,  you shall have two godfathers; if i had been the judge ,  you should have had ten more ,  to bring you to the gallows ,  not to the baptismal font .	1
fear not ,  till birnam wood do come to dunsinane ,  ”  and now a wood comes toward dunsinane .	1
i take my leave most humbly, my lord.	1
truly ,  sir ,  the better for my foes and the worse for my friends .	1
i am amazed, and know not what to say.	1
you’re helping the storm ,  not us .	1
arise ,  fair sun ,  and kill the jealous moon ,  who is already sick and pale with grief ,  that you ,  her maid ,  are far more beautiful than she is .	1
holy saint francis ,  this is a drastic change !	1
you will be whipped .	1
his discretion, i am sure, cannot carry his valour; for the goose carries not the fox.	1
it doesn’t matter .	1
i’ll bring thee word straight how ’tis like to go .	1
i’ll never speak to you again .	1
remember me .	1
whistle then to me ,  as signal that thou hear'st something approach .	1
i will bestow a breakfast to make you friends; and we’ll be all three sworn brothers to france .	1
welcome ,  dear madam .	1
my lord, you must tell us where the body is and go with us to the king.	1
to see a reverend syracusian merchant ,  who put unluckily into this bay against the laws and statutes of this town ,  beheaded publicly for his offense .	1
what is it ?	1
why no ,  boy .	1
is she really that wonderful ?	1
what if this mixture doesn’t work at all?	1
the four strangers seek for you ,  madam ,  to take their leave: and there is a forerunner come from a fifth ,  the prince of morocco; who brings word ,  the prince ,  his master ,  will be here to - night .	1
your children shall be kings .	1
my lord ,  i will give them all they deserve .	1
for lead?	1
now lies he there, and none so poor to do him reverence.	1
i cannot go to ,  man; nor 'tis not very well .	1
go ,  some of you ,  and bring these gentlemen where hamlet is .	1
and ,  pretty fool ,  it stinted and said  “ ay .  ”  enough of this .	1
either there is a civil strife in heaven, or else the world has been too impudent with the gods, incensing them to send destruction.	1
my cesario ?	1
though i look old ,  yet i am strong and lusty ,  for in my youth i never did apply hot and rebellious liquors in my blood nor did not with unbashful forehead woo the means of weakness and debility .	1
don’t let your ears hate what i’m going to say forever, which will hit them with the heaviest sound that they have ever heard.	1
has he come home yet ?	1
her hedges ,  even - pleached ,  like prisoners wildly overgrown with hair ,  put forth disordered twigs .	1
first, i must tell you this desdemona is directly in love with him.	1
this dagger has been mistaken, for, behold, his empty case is on the back of montague, and it’s misplaced in my daughter's bosom!	1
goodbye .	1
by god ,  i am not selfish when it comes to money: i don’t care who eats at my expense .	1
let’s do so .	1
where should othello go ? — now ,  how dost thou look now ?	1
the testament !	1
i’m no villain .	1
hail!	1
to find you .	1
i found it in my bedroom .	1
my ships will come home a month before the money is due .	1
go on ,  master ,  and i will follow you—with truth and loyalty to my last breath .	1
thrice the brinded cat hath mewed .	1
how are you ,  my lord ?	1
and earthly power doth then show likest god’s when mercy seasons justice .	1
how long hath she been thus ?	1
not mad ,  but bound more than a madman is ,  shut up in prison ,  kept without my food ,  whipped and tormented and—good e'en ,  good fellow .	1
he’s definitely the most active gentleman of france .	1
i thank my noble lord .	1
listen to me .	1
but your news is not true .	1
why ,  i will see thee at philippi then .	1
what color ,  madam ?	1
every day you get me out of the way with some plan, iago; and rather, as it seems to me now, keep from me all convenience than supplies me with the least advantage of hope.	1
my ducats, and my daughter!	1
and it is marvel he outdwells his hour ,  for lovers ever run before the clock .	1
every one that does so is a traitor and must be hanged .	1
how beautiful the moonlight’s shining on this bank !	1
it hath no tongue to vex you .	1
signor antonio ?	1
if that’s what you mean ,  i’ll melt this gold and pour it down your throat that speaks these hateful words .	1
i mean ,  an we be in choler ,  we'll draw .	1
if thou entertainest my love ,  let it appear in thy smiling .	1
o, then i see queen mab hath been with you.	1
come on ,  do you think i can’t recognize you by your excellent wit ?	1
help !	1
good lads, how do you both?	1
is this true?	1
believe me ,  i can’t .	1
how canst thou try them so ?	1
we will hear more of this story later . — egeus ,  i will override your demands; these couples shall eternally be knit by and by with us in the temple .	1
come to my room later on .	1
that’s true ,  lieutenant .	1
for he loves to hear that unicorns may be betrayed with trees ,  and bears with glasses ,  elephants with holes ,  lions with toils ,  and men with flatterers .	1
i’m coming to end your pursuit of me and leave me to my grief.	1
we’ll be your witnesses .	1
and to me ,  denmark is a prison .	1
which else were shame ,  that then necessity will call discreet proceeding .	1
her only flaw—and it’s a big one—is that she’s unbearable ,  a total witch ,  so much so that i wouldn’t think of marrying her myself ,  not even if i were in a worse fix than i am ,  not for a whole goldmine .	1
and i was just going to yours .	1
she robs thee of thy name ,  and thou wilt show more bright and seem more virtuous when she is gone .	1
by mary ,  this is miching mallecho ,  it means mischief .	1
but i won’t shed any of her blood or scar that beautiful skin ,  whiter than snow and smooth as the finest marble .	1
i say she shall . —and first begin with her .	1
give me some little breath ,  some pause ,  dear lord ,  before i positively speak in this .	1
why ,  i can buy me twenty at any market .	1
god forbid!	1
i shall be saved by my husband .	1
these sentences, to sugar or to gall, being strong on both sides, are equivocal.	1
don’t keep anything back ,  i insist .	1
that's a fault .	1
i hope they will not come upon us now .	1
and, see, your wife is with him.	1
take that ,  and that .	1
i had it of leah when i was a bachelor .	1
tis he .	1
here come the lovers ,  full of joy and mirth . — joy ,  gentle friends !	1
but yesterday the word of caesar might have stood against the world .	1
thou drunken slave ,  i sent thee for a rope and told thee to what purpose and what end .	1
we’ll all want our fortune told .	1
you both are rivals and love hermia; and now both rivals to mock helena .	1
my good lysander!	1
give me that boy and i will go with you.	1
thus credulous fools are caught: and many worthy and chaste dames even thus, all guiltless, meet reproach.	1
for your life you durst not.	1
the priest is already there .	1
she's dead, pitiful day!	1
dost thou hear ,  my honest friend ?	1
what ,  will you not suffer me ?	1
no, my good lord; but, as you did command, i did repel his letters and denied his access to me.	1
what about the naming of this gentleman ?	1
and you ,  sir ,  for this chain arrested me .	1
good pilgrim ,  you do wrong your hand too much ,  which mannerly devotion shows in this; for saints have hands that pilgrims’ hands do touch ,  and palm to palm is holy palmers’ kiss .	1
richard loves richard ,  that is ,  there’s just me and myself here .	1
i’m going now .	1
if the king hadn’t resembled my father as he slept, i would’ve done it.	1
we shall know by this fellow .	1
he’s in his fit now and does not talk after the wisest .	1
now ,  what my love is ,  proof hath made you know; and as my love is sized ,  my fear is so .	1
duke solinus ,  my husband ,  and both my children—and you two dromios ,  who marked the day of my sons' births with your own—come into the abbey with me for a new christening .	1
lorenzo and his infidel ?	1
did he charge interest ?	1
so dear i loved the man that i must weep .	1
but he loves caesar best; yet he loves antony .	1
my own flesh and blood to rebel !	1
sir ,  he is with caesar .	1
prithee ,  come; will you ?	1
my spirit friend ,  harpier ,  is yelling ,   “ it’s time ,  it’s time !  ”  dance around the cauldron and throw in the poisoned entrails .	1
you do your job well .	1
or am i mad ,  hearing him talk of juliet to think it was so ?	1
bring it hither to me in the orchard .	1
look ,  he meditates .	1
i do not see them bleed .	1
i’ll keep my oath patiently to bear my wroth .  ”	1
he’s very handsome .	1
you see how easily she may be surprised .	1
when we are born ,  we cry that we are come to this great stage of fools .	1
if i saw twenty of the greatest powers that pay tribute to caesar taking such liberties with her hand—what’s her name now ?	1
or ,  rather ,  do i not in plainest truth tell you i do not nor i cannot love you ?	1
will you grant with me that ferdinand is drowned ?	1
near  how large is his land army ?	1
but i don’t have any good sides .	1
i forget ,  but these sweet thoughts do even refresh my labours ,  most busil'est ,  when i do it .	1
i wonder in my soul, what you would ask me, that i should deny, or stand so mammering on.	1
i order you, go home.	1
who asked you to call her ?	1
and he’s gone .	1
i have never seen a day that is so disgustingly filthy and beautiful .	1
i mean, my lord, the fight of your person in trial.	1
though you can swim like a duck, you are made like a goose.	1
what—is he scared of a gun that only fired a blank ?	1
i will rather seek to be despised than to deceive so good a commander with so slight, so drunken, and so indiscreet an officer.	1
madam ,  his majesty doth call for you , — and for your grace ,  —and yours ,  my gracious lords .	1
well ,  more anon . —comes the king forth ,  i pray you ?	1
he has raised the wall and houses too .	1
do you really think so ?	1
we here attend you .	1
how is that royal merchant, good antonio?	1
how say you to that ,  malvolio ?	1
father and mother is man and wife ,  man and wife is one flesh ,  and so ,  my mother .	1
nay ,  good goose ,  bite not !	1
all my pretty ones ?	1
didn’t a woman give birth to him?	1
isn’t this war against me ?	1
go back with her ?	1
that's horrible and shows very bad manners in the fool that uses it.	1
who’s there ?	1
this is some gift from a newer girlfriend.	1
do you know him ?	1
is this true ?	1
oh ,  a cherubim thou wast that did preserve me .	1
you gentle romans— peace ,  ho !	1
how now ,  fluellen ,  cam’st thou from the bridge ?	1
sirrah, go hire me twenty cunning cooks.	1
ay, more.	1
cheer up ,  antonio !	1
let’s then determine with the ancient of war on our proceedings .	1
i do suspect i have done some offense that seems disgracious in the city’s eye ,  and that you come to reprehend my ignorance .	1
i’ve only made it this far since i left her place ,  walking at a moderate pace .	1
but i don’t remember coming here .	1
as a friend or an enemy ?	1
give me that man that is not passion's slave, and i will wear him in my heart's core, ay, in my heart of heart, as i do thee.	1
otherwise i would have been perfect ,  as solid as a piece of marble ,  as firm as a rock ,  as free as the air itself .	1
i need to hear the truth about all this .	1
i prithee ,  bear some charity to my wit; do not think it so unwholesome .	1
is he dispatch'd ?	1
what is this that rises like the heirs of a king ,  and wears upon his baby brow the golden crown of a king ?	1
in the meantime ,  i will draw a list of props ,  that our play needs .	1
ring the alarm bell .	1
wear your wrongs ,  the title is settled .	1
so he does indeed.	1
it would be easier to do it in the dark .	1
he that has a house to put ’s head in has a good headpiece .	1
go, go to your love, as was decreed, ascend to her chamber there, and comfort her.	1
strike the vessels ,  ho !	1
why ,  that he did—i know not what he did .	1
wast ever in court ,  shepherd ?	1
i have but with a cursitory eye o'erglanced the articles .	1
on the ground!	1
the tears have got small victory by that ,  for it was bad enough before their spite .	1
stand there !	1
both ,  both ,  my lord . — this letter ,  madam ,  craves a speedy answer .	1
now he importunes him to tell it o'er .	1
let us go .	1
come in, tailor; here you may roast your goose.	1
you'd be king o's the isle ,  sirrah ?	1
sir ,  in algeria .	1
romeo killed him; he killed mercutio .	1
what do you say ?	1
never fear that .	1
fie ,  you slug - abed !	1
casca, by your voice.	1
in this world ,  i’m only taking up space .	1
but yet ,  i say ,  if imputation and strong circumstances which lead directly to the door of truth will give you satisfaction ,  you may have ’t .	1
am i the master here, or you?	1
o antony ,  don’t beg your death from us !	1
it is not the custom for the maids in france to kiss before they are married ,  is that what she says ?	1
well i know the man .	1
since cleopatra died ,  i have lived in such dishonor that the gods despise my disgrace .	1
that would hang us ,  every mother's son .	1
welcome, good friends.	1
thus conscience does make cowards of us all ,  and thus the native hue of resolution is sicklied o'er with the pale cast of thought ,  and enterprises of great pitch and moment with this regard their currents turn awry and lose the name of action .	1
nothing, but this is so.	1
i know no news ,  my lord .	1
comes his army on ?	1
lock the doors ,  my lord .	1
do you note me?	1
juliet!	1
farewell: i'll grow a talker for this gear .	1
my own griefs lie heavy in my heart; which you will take over to have it paired with more grief of your own.	1
o ,  let me speak !	1
go to the platform ,  brutus .	1
heard you of nothing strange about the streets ?	1
truly ,  the lady fathers herself . —be happy ,  lady ,  for you are like an honorable father .	1
and till the tears that she hath shed for thee like envious floods o'errun her lovely face ,  she was the fairest creature in the world— and yet she is inferior to none .	1
come on in ,  con man .	1
hate me !	1
she was too fond of her most filthy bargain .	1
what, lamb!	1
i cannot speak your england .	1
even those you were wont to take such delight in ,  the tragedians of the city .	1
you have said so.	1
where ?	1
the king is a thing— a thing, my lord?	1
go away !	1
invoke his warlike spirit and your great - uncle’s ,  edward the black prince ,  who on the french ground played a tragedy ,  making defeat on the full power of france whiles his most mighty father on a hill stood smiling to behold his lion’s whelp forage in blood of french nobility .	1
what's the matter?	1
go find the traitor gloucester .	1
how long have you believed in astrology ?	1
swounds ,  show me what thou'lt do .	1
what harmony is this?	1
lovers can see to do their amorous rites by their own beauties ,  or ,  if love be blind ,  it best agrees with night .	1
we'll hear the will.	1
my father in his clothes as he lived !	1
on my honor ,  i swear i love rivers with all my heart .	1
no ,  it wasn’t .	1
what worse place can i beg in your love, and still keep my self-respect — than to be used as you would use your dog?	1
what’s the boy malcolm ?	1
but if the gods themselves did see her then, when she saw pyrrhus make malicious sport in mincing with his sword her husband's limbs, the instant burst of clamour that she made unless things mortal move them not at all would have made milch the burning eyes of heaven and passion in the gods.	1
please, let me go from here; i am not well; send the deed after me and i’ll sign it.	1
up and down, up and down, i will lead them up and down.	1
o lord ,  my lord ,  if they were but a week married ,  they would talk themselves mad .	1
you will seem even brighter and more virtuous when she’s out of the picture .	1
he is not yet arrived and i don’t know anything only that he's well ,  and will be here shortly .	1
by god ,  i’ll go after him again and beat him up .	1
i am a gentleman .	1
what we want to do ,  we should do when we would ,  for this 'would' changes ,  and has stoppages and delays as many as there are voices ,  hands ,  accidents ,  and then this 'should' is like the sigh of a spendthrift ,  that hurts by easing up .	1
yes ,  on my honor .	1
are you up?	1
any bar ,  any cross ,  any impediment will be med'cinable to me .	1
is now become a god ,  and cassius is a wretched creature and must bend his body if caesar carelessly but nod on him .	1
that's sickening .	1
mark antony shall say i am not well, and, for thy humor, i will stay at home.	1
and from my soul too; else beshrew them both .	1
this was sometime a paradox ,  but now the time gives it proof .	1
tis most true ,  and he beseeched me to entreat your majesties to hear and see the matter .	1
and what oath do we need other than that we honest men have told each other that this will happen or we will die trying ?	1
we are two lions littered in one day ,  and i the elder and more terrible .	1
i hear a noise inside .	1
o gull !	1
i must fetch his necessaries ashore.	1
good luck .	1
why shouldn’t i pursue hermia ?	1
stand back ,  boy .	1
give me your hand ,  first .	1
therefore lay bare your bosom.	1
well ,  time is the old judge that tries your kind of criminal .	1
yes ,  on land you do outnumber me .	1
you’re going to die .	1
your grace may do your pleasure .	1
i took him to be killed with lightning.	1
what shall i swear by?	1
perchance she cannot meet him.	1
caesar should be a beast without a heart ,  if he stays at home today because he’s afraid .	1
it’s like this, general.	1
she’s not talking to me .	1
well ,  well ,  well .	1
madam ,  here comes my lord .	1
kent can speak rudely when lear goes mad .	1
which of you two ate lunch with me today ?	1
you must be mistaking me for someone else ,  sir .	1
we are still only youngsters in what we’re doing.	1
i will do't, my lord.	1
thou chid’st me oft for loving rosaline .	1
sure there's some wonder in this handkerchief; i am most unhappy in the loss of it .	1
i ’gin to be aweary of the sun and wish the estate o’ the world were now undone.	1
can you feel your legs ?	1
fair and noble hostess ,  we are your guest tonight .	1
they have dispatched with pompey; he is gone .	1
break we our watch up; and by my advice let us impart what we have seen tonight unto young hamlet; for, upon my life, this spirit, dumb to us, will speak to him.	1
to whom in all this presence speaks your grace ?	1
it falls right .	1
get going ,  i say; you shall know more later; no ,  get going .	1
he loves them both .	1
i will not stay to offend you.	1
yes ,  it does .	1
all hail, macbeth!	1
i have heard it said so.	1
come ,  let me wipe thy face .	1
how often tonight have my old feet stumbled over graves !	1
bind up my wounds !	1
our fraughtage ,  sir ,  i have conveyed aboard ,  and i have bought the oil ,  the balsamum and aqua vitae .	1
it’s true that your son lucentio here loves my daughter ,  and she loves him—or else they’re putting on quite an act .	1
and even the like precurse of feared events, as harbingers preceding still the fates and prologue to the omen coming on, have heaven and earth together demonstrated unto our climature and countrymen.	1
they are here about the court ,  and ,  as i think ,  they have already order this night to play before him .	1
good - bye ,  good - bye ,  good - bye .	1
you ,  uncivil lady ,  to whose ingrate and unauspicious altars my soul the faithfull’st off'rings have breathed out that e'er devotion tendered—what shall i do ?	1
our son shall win .	1
why ,  then ,  let them alone till they are sober .	1
god bless the island of cyprus and our noble general othello !	1
you accuse me most unjustly .	1
no ,  madam; we have cull'd such necessaries as are behoveful for our state to - morrow .	1
you ,  cousin .	1
we are wasting time; please, enforce sentence.	1
not in love either ?	1
o ,  how may i call this a lightening ?	1
and strength shall gives us help.	1
let me tell you ,  friends—	1
i’ll do everything she wants me to do .	1
henry the sixth ,  crowned king of france and england while still in his infancy ,  succeeded him .	1
being done unknown ,  i should have found it afterwards well done ,  but must condemn it now .	1
it ‘s a pity of him .	1
i’ll call upon you straight .	1
we shall know by this fellow .	1
who is thy lord ?	1
please calm down ,  uncle .	1
what if this mixture do not work at all?	1
if you do ,  by mary ,  i’ll give you this curse for your wedding gift: whether you as chaste as ice ,  as pure as snow ,  you shalt not escape slander .	1
sailors ,  sir .	1
in second husband let me be accurst!	1
this is her very guise, and, upon my life, fast asleep.	1
the devil himself could not pronounce a title more hateful to mine ear .	1
come, come, nerissa, because i long to see quick cupid's messenger that comes so politely.	1
i could munch your good dry oats .	1
go thy ways to a nunnery .	1
iago .	1
i married them; and their secret wedding day was tybalt's doomsday, whose untimely death banished the new-made bridegroom from this city, for whom juliet pined, and not for tybalt.	1
pyramus draws near the wall; silence .	1
why is the jew waiting ?	1
like medicine for a sick man .	1
here ,  my lord .	1
that is enough to satisfy the senate .	1
oh wall, you have heard my moans very often, for separating my fair pyramus and me.	1
well ,  peace be with you !	1
don’t tug on my clothes .	1
what ,  in our house ?	1
whither wilt thou lead me?	1
i mean knock his brains out ,  so he can’t take othello’s place .	1
draw your sword ,  scoundrel ,  or i’ll slice your thighs like flank steak .	1
i know i cannot please you .	1
be comforted.	1
by my holy order ,  i thought thy disposition better tempered .	1
we'll put the matter to the present push . — good gertrude ,  set some watch over your son .	1
who pronounced this death sentence before a court of law could even convict me ?	1
i will put this napkin in cassio's room ,  and let him find it .	1
a good dinner for guests is more like one that’s bought rather than given, if the host doesn’t make frequent toasts.	1
beat the drum .	1
i swear by this hand and my father’s soul ,  the whole thing is a disaster .	1
tis well.	1
wash they his wounds with tears?	1
don’t find any ,  conspiracy; hide it in smiles and friendliness ,  because ,  if you pass ,  your real face on ,  not even the dark place between heaven and hell itself is dim enough to hide you from being stopped .	1
i second that	1
now go ,  set up for dinner .	1
or shall i think she's enclosed in the walls of this silver one, being worth ten times less than traditional gold?	1
watch with what violence she first loved the moor ,  but with his bragging ,  and telling her fantastic lies .	1
an honest tale succeeds best when it is told simply .	1
i knew you must be aware of the margin before you had finished.	1
o ,  a chair ,  a chair !	1
there be some such, no question.	1
what had he done to you ?	1
who are you?	1
they are incensed .	1
we, hermia, like two artificial gods, have with our needles created both one flower, both on one sampler, sitting on one cushion, both warbling of one song, both in one key; as if our hands, our sides, voices, and minds, had been incorporate.	1
she's dead, deceas'd; she's dead!	1
in your own kingdom ,  sir .	1
hark !	1
i think i can find him, if you’d please get a good guard, and go along with me.	1
from what ,  in god’s name ?	1
i see a voice; now will i to the chink ,  to spy an i can hear my thisbe's face .	1
you’re a traveler .	1
my lord ,  mark antony ,  hearing that you prepared for war ,  acquainted my grievèd ear withal ,  whereon i begged his pardon for return .	1
yield up ,  o love ,  your crown and hearted throne to tyrannous hate !	1
mass, and well said; a merry whoreson, ha!	1
a woman owes her husband the same loyalty a subject owes his king .	1
so it is ,  if you knew our reasons .	1
i do beseech you, sir, have patience.	1
and mine two hundred.	1
let them set on at once ,  for i perceive but cold demeanor in octavius' wing ,  and sudden push gives them the overthrow .	1
here the street is narrow .	1
that she did .	1
do not believe that ,  from the sense of all civility ,  i thus would play and trifle with your reverence .	1
naked in bed, iago, and not mean harm!	1
did he never make you laugh ?	1
my worthy lord ,  your noble friends do lack you .	1
now let’s sit closely around this candle and discuss our needs .	1
good morning ,  my noble lord .	1
i'll break my spells, i'll restore their senses, and they shall be themselves again.	1
take comfort .	1
do not, my lord!	1
please tell me ,  who is this man ?	1
let it all go .	1
my lord .	1
if her breath steams up the glass ,  then she’s alive .	1
hail!	1
o flesh, flesh, how are you fishified!	1
what malice was between you ?	1
now to my mother!	1
my lord, i came to see your father's funeral.	1
meet me and gratiano, at gratiano's lodging some hour hence.	1
he’s only known you for three days ,  but he’s already treating you like a close friend .	1
juliet !	1
of launcelot, an't please your mastership.	1
no ,  she’s worse: she’s the devil’s mother ,  and she comes to us disguised as an easy wench .	1
bounteous madam ,  whatever shall become of michael cassio ,  he's never anything but your true servant .	1
what's to be done?	1
therefore in my presence still smile ,  dear my sweet ,  i prithee .  ”	1
is my father well ?	1
good lady ,  don’t be angry with the child .	1
my worthy cawdor !	1
she’ll close and be herself whilst our poor malice remains in danger of her former tooth .	1
up to the breach ,  you dogs !	1
unlawfully?	1
and before i remove this charm from her sight — because i have another herb that is the antidote — i'll make her give that boy to me .	1
and will you tear our ancient love apart to join with men in scorning your poor friend?	1
twill be ill taken .	1
go and beg her.	1
go away ,  and stand over there .	1
we'll answer .	1
i know the boy will well usurp the grace ,  voice ,  gait ,  and action of a gentlewoman .	1
but i won’t attack a woman ,  even if she is a demon .	1
demetrius doesn’t think so ,  and that’s all that matters .	1
beauty provoketh thieves sooner than gold .	1
my suit to her is that she will to virtuous desdemona procure me some access .	1
i give it you .	1
he claimed to know that already too ,  and said that’s the reason he’s come to speak with you .	1
don’t you not remember, lady, in your father's time, a venetian, a scholar and a soldier, that came here in the company of the marquis of montserrat?	1
help !	1
this is trebonius .	1
so delicate with her needle ,  an admirable musician .	1
a many of our bodies shall no doubt find native graves ,  upon the which ,  i trust ,  shall witness live in brass of this day’s work .	1
but excuse me ,   yes ,  i’m talking about launcelot ,  sir .	1
who is nothing to you in this kind of merry joking, so you may continue and still laugh at nothing.	1
what are you determined to do then?	1
go prick thy face and over - red thy fear ,  thou lily - liver'd boy .	1
knock at the gate ?	1
here’s our chief guest .	1
o gods ,  ye gods !	1
come ,  sir ,  your forward thrust .	1
now i could ,  casca ,  name a man to you that is most like this dreadful night ,  one that thunders ,  send lightening ,  opens graves ,  and roars ,  as the lion in the capitol does; a man no mightier in personal action; than you or i ,  yet he’s grown monstrous ,  and fearful ,  just as these strange eruptions are .	1
i think she will be ruled by me in all respects ,  no more ,  i don’t doubt it .	1
she’s too much for me to handle .	1
i’m to blame for making you wait for me .	1
by my troth, i am glad on't.	1
a king ,  a king !	1
the english force, so please you.	1
get some light !	1
will you sup with me tonight ,  casca ?	1
so be it .	1
for shame, bring juliet out; her lord is here.	1
if you want to see your deceiver ,  then look at me .	1
arms, take your last embrace!	1
renown and grace is dead .	1
i’m surprised i didn’t bite back .	1
nothing, my lord.	1
you won’t stand and fight .	1
well, to my choice: “who chooses me shall get as much as he deserves.” i will assume i am deserving.	1
she said she wished she hadn’t heard it ,  but she also wished there was a man like me for her .	1
there's no trust, no faith, no honesty in men; all are liars, all swear falsely, all nothing, all deceivers.	1
and how besides thyself ?	1
o excellent!	1
they bleed on both sides.	1
what tributaries follow him to rome ,  to grace in captive bonds his chariot - wheels ?	1
but montague is the same restrictions as i am, the same penalty; and it should not be hard, i think, for men so old as we to keep the peace.	1
i’ll sue him for assault and battery ,  if there’s any justice in illyria .	1
if he be ,  he knows how to turn his girdle .	1
are you going ?	1
shake off this downy sleep, death's counterfeit, and look on death itself!	1
i’ll get it from you ,  i swear .	1
well ,  forward ,  forward !	1
how is it with you, lady?	1
bad luck ,  bad luck ?	1
fit to govern?	1
a friend of antony's.	1
yea, from the table of my memory i'll wipe away all trivial fond records, all saws of books, all forms, all pressures past, that youth and observation copied there; and thy commandment all alone shall live within the book and volume of my brain, unmix'd with baser matter.	1
she will not come .	1
i’d rather be a slave or a packhorse for this hateful stablehand here .	1
i am not a slut ,  though i thank the gods i am foul .	1
i’ll do all that .	1
a hundred then .	1
but tell me why you proceeded not against these feats so crimeful and so capital in nature ,  as by your safety ,  wisdom ,  all things else ,  you mainly were stirr'd up .	1
work on, my medicine, work!	1
was the crown offered to him three times ?	1
lead me on .	1
now i am no more than a woman ,  ruled by the same lowly passion as the maid who milks and does the humblest chores .	1
how do you ,  pretty lady ?	1
peaseblossom .	1
if i do so ,  it will be more valuable ,  being spoken behind your back than to your face .	1
starveling !	1
oh cowardly conscience ,  how you’re torturing me !	1
i’m not sorry ,  either .	1
yes !	1
what ,  all my pretty chickens and their dam at one fell swoop ?	1
your clarence ,  who stabbed my edward ,  is also dead .	1
let me dispute with thee of thy estate .	1
i arrest thee of high treason ,  by the name of thomas grey ,  knight ,  of northumberland .	1
i am dead, horatio.	1
ready ,  my lord .	1
he does confess he feels himself distracted, but from what cause he will by no means speak.	1
by janus, i think no.	1
so smile the heavens upon this holy act that after-hours with sorrow chide us not!	1
anon !	1
on what compulsion must i ?	1
for what advancement may i hope from thee that no revenue hast but thy good spirits ,  to feed and clothe thee ?	1
what is pyramus?	1
we’ll revenge his death .	1
i cannot speak enough of this contentment; it stops me here; it is too joyful .	1
arise ,  dissembler .	1
we know we shall die, we know; it’s only time and drawing days out that men live on.	1
about !	1
you cannot start to ask the king of denmark ,  and then stop .	1
this skull hath lain in the earth three and twenty years.	1
wipe your eyes .	1
what !	1
what do you think of marching to philippi presently?	1
brother ,  ho !	1
i will be here again ,  even with a thought .	1
chid i for that at frugal nature’s frame ?	1
if you keep on the way you’ve been going ,  you’ll kill yourself .	1
i pray you ,  in your letters ,  when you shall these unlucky deeds relate ,  speak of me as i am; nothing extenuate ,  nor set down aught in malice .	1
honestly ,  i didn’t see it ,  but i felt it in her hot breath .	1
you defend yourself by blaming my judgment ,  but you’re just making up feeble excuses .	1
everything may still be all right .	1
madam ,  i’m here .	1
you have been nobly borne .	1
i do suffer love ,  because i love you against my will .	1
i don’t, sir.	1
and speak parrot?	1
there will she hide her to listen our propose .	1
you know where i live .	1
away !	1
my lord, my lord!	1
i am dead, horatio.	1
her father is baptista minola ,  a pleasant and courteous gentleman .	1
there’s a ransom .	1
marry ,  this it is ,  sir .	1
fierce fiery warriors fought upon the clouds in ranks and squadrons and right form of war ,  which drizzled blood upon the capitol .	1
worse and worse .	1
here comes the emperor .	1
by our beards (if we had them) ,  thou art .	1
now he denies it faintly and laughs it out .	1
she is persuaded i will marry her, out of her own love and flattery, not out because of my promise.	1
o ,  there has been much throwing about of brains .	1
either there is a civil strife in heaven ,  or else the world ,  too saucy with the gods ,  incenses them to send destruction .	1
you have not half that power to do me harm as i have to be hurt .	1
eternity was in our lips and eyes ,  bliss in our brows’ bent ,  none our parts so poor but was a race of heaven .	1
thunder] alas ,  the storm has come again !	1
if you will just look sweet, then i am protected against their hate.	1
go forth ,  agrippa ,  and begin the fight .	1
what could i hope to get from you ,  who’ve got nothing but your charm to support you in life ?	1
in himself he is .	1
he says she has no equal .	1
the general speaks to you .	1
nell .	1
i am very proud ,  revengeful ,  ambitious; with more offences at my beck than i have thoughts to put them in ,  imagination to give them shape ,  or time to act them in .	1
three parts of him is ours already, and the man entire upon the next encounter yields him ours.	1
why ,  but you are now well enough .	1
gentlemen ,  go in there and grab him .	1
be assured of this, that the magnifico is very popular; and has, in his office, a voice equal to twice the duke's.	1
the spring ,  the summer ,  the pregnant autumn ,  and angry winter change their usual clothes; and the amazed world ,  now doesn’t know which is which by their apparel .	1
don’t say no .	1
o my soul's joy!	1
why won’t he ?	1
nay ,  heaven doth know .	1
is ’t possible ?	1
they are coming to the play .	1
it was well done ,  and thou shalt sleep again .	1
did she see you there the whole time ,  old boy ?	1
what is the matter ?	1
and yet you will teach me to avoid quarrelling ?  !	1
now ,  until dawn ,  each fairy wander through this house .	1
what is it ,  agrippa ?	1
agreed .	1
oh ,  that record is lively in my soul !	1
tis true ,  my liege; this ring i had of her .	1
so ’tis to thee .	1
be gone !	1
the  it’s too bad there’s more of the moor than there ought to be .	1
her once - trimmed hedges ,  like prisoners with wild ,  untended hair ,  put forth unruly twigs .	1
it is not day .	1
go!” says the devil; “away!” says the devil.	1
deny me this, and an eternal curse fall on you!	1
when 'twas a little prating thing—o ,  there is a nobleman in town ,  one paris ,  that would fain lay knife aboard; but she ,  good soul ,  had as lieve see a toad ,  a very toad ,  as see him .	1
i warrant it will .	1
come ,  why be so hesitant ?	1
my lord ,  you must tell us where the body is and go with us to the king .	1
madam ,  you have done me wrong ,  notorious wrong .	1
you speak so highly of fools !	1
run away, i pray you!	1
no ,  my lord ,  that was me .	1
my daughter!	1
sayest thou so ?	1
horatio, when thou shalt have overlook'd this, give these fellows some means to the king.	1
ay, and wall too.	1
what ?	1
my wind, cooling my broth, would blow me to an ague, when i thought what harm a wind too great might do at sea.	1
i will ,  my lord .	1
doth the moon shine that night we play our play ?	1
if thou delight to view thy heinous deeds ,  behold this pattern of thy butcheries .	1
did not you speak?	1
but if antony is alive ,  healthy ,  friendly with caesar ,  and not caesar’s prisoner ,  i’ll shower you with gold and pearls .	1
but did’st thou see them dead ?	1
therefore, stop grieving.	1
you all saw that ,  on the feast of the priest lupercus ,  i presented a kingly crown to him three times ,  which he refused three times .	1
i still see you, and i see great, large clots of blood on your blade, which were not there before.	1
not that i love you not.	1
as a favor to  nope .	1
no ,  coz ,  i rather weep .	1
this is thy office .	1
if it’s found to be so ,  someone will dearly pay for it .	1
but look ,  the morn ,  in russet mantle clad ,  walks o'er the dew of yon high eastward hill .	1
by my troth ,  i am sick .	1
this, by his voice, should be a montague.	1
it is impossible that you should see this if they were as prime as goats ,  as hot as monkeys ,  as salty as wolves in a pride ,  and fools as disgusting as ignorance made drunk .	1
he’s right over there .	1
don’t you bring me letters from the friar?	1
is ’t not enough ,  is ’t not enough ,  young man ,  that i did never ,  no ,  nor never can ,  deserve a sweet look from demetrius' eye ,  but you must flout my insufficiency ?	1
no man must know .  ”  if this should be thee ,  malvolio ?	1
and tell the dauphin his jest will savor but of shallow wit when thousands weep more than did laugh at it .	1
ancient ,  what makes he here ?	1
yes ,  sir ,  all this is so .	1
tis death to me to be at enmity; i hate it ,  and desire all good men’s love .	1
and i beg you ,  please come here again tomorrow .	1
how are you ,  madam ?	1
romeo !	1
but never mind .	1
don’t grieve that i am doing this for you ,  because here fortune shows herself more kind than is her habit: it is still her habit to let the wretched man outlive his wealth ,  to view an age of poverty with hollow eye and wrinkled brow; she cuts me off from the lingering repentance of such misery .	1
then come to my house tomorrow morning ,  and since you couldn’t be my son - in - law ,  be my nephew instead .	1
swear.	1
excellent wretch !	1
but insincere men ,  like horses who are too lively at the start of a race ,  make a big show of their spirit .	1
you say right ,  sir .	1
goodbye ,  boy .	1
if you’re lying ,  i’ll hang you alive from the nearest tree until you die of hunger .	1
goblin, lead them up and down.	1
my husband said she was unfaithful !	1
but where unbruisèd youth with unstuffed brain doth couch his limbs ,  there golden sleep doth reign .	1
how now ,  spirit ?	1
now i’m afraid we’ve lost your son forever .	1
i will have when you hear the rest of what i have to say .	1
yes ,  he’s a cunning fellow indeed ,  because he doesn’t do a thing but talk about his horse; and he makes it a great attribute to his own good qualities that he can shoe him himself; i am very afraid ,  my lady ,  his mother had an affair with a blacksmith .	1
i'll go farther away.	1
and neither will i until i see mine again.	1
come ,  you deceive yourself .	1
that’s very likely .	1
what if a fellow were bringing him a couple of hundred pounds to toss around ?	1
did my heart love till now?	1
we’ll go together ,  and before we’ve spent all the savings of your youth ,  we’ll find a way to make a living .	1
perhaps there’s still some poison on them ,  to make me die with a medicinal kiss .	1
but these days ,  people give each other their hands without their hearts .	1
come here ,  servant .	1
for those of old, and the recent titles heaped on them, we remain your hermits.	1
twere damnation to think so base a thought: it were too gross to rib her cerecloth in the obscure grave .	1
and strength shall help afford.	1
brought you caesar home?	1
he speaks not true .	1
what warlike noise is this?	1
how 'strangely' ?	1
macduff is missing ,  and your noble son .	1
i see thou knowest me not .	1
tranio ,  i saw her coral lips to move and with her breath she did perfume the air .	1
the poison of that lies in you to temper .	1
i know him not .	1
i am glad to see thee well.	1
and she is exceeding wise .	1
what if it be a poison which the friar subtly hath ministr'd to have me dead ,  lest in this marriage he should be dishonour'd because he married me before to romeo ?	1
demetrius is a worthy gentleman .	1
he bounds from the earth ,  as if his entrails were hairs ,  le cheval volant ,  the pegasus ,  qui a les narines de feu .	1
then so much have i heard .	1
there's more depends on this than on the value.	1
this king is a branch of that same victorious stock .	1
i can make my handwriting look just like lady olivia’s: she	1
you’ve done what you should be sorry for.	1
will you be ready ?	1
that is because the traitor murderer lives .	1
oh ,  you’re sticking a dagger in me !	1
for his bounty ,  there was no winter in ’t ,  an autumn ’twas that grew the more by reaping .	1
who’s next?	1
all offices are open ,  and there is full liberty of feasting from this present hour of five until the clock rings eleven .	1
yet they are not joined .	1
look for him ,  titinius ,  while i go to meet the noble brutus and force him to hear this news .	1
i am cut to th' brains .	1
women’s gentle brain could not drop forth such giant - rude invention ,  such ethiop words ,  blacker in their effect than in their countenance .	1
all that glitters is not gold— you’ve often heard that said .	1
have at you now !	1
do, good my friend.	1
this’ll be a wonderful kingdom to live in ,  where they play music for free .	1
sebastian was my father; such a sebastian was my brother too ,  so went he suited to his watery tomb .	1
don’t tell me; i don’t like it at all that you, iago, who has used my purse as if the strings were yours, should know about this.	1
where is your harp?	1
i’m not sleepy at all .	1
thus bad begins and worse remains behind .	1
go ask his name . —if he be married .	1
some food we had and some fresh water that a noble neapolitan ,  gonzalo ,  out of his charity ,  who being then appointed master of this design ,  did give us ,  with rich garments ,  linens ,  stuffs ,  and necessaries ,  which since have steaded much .	1
he is already named king; and gone to scone to be invested .	1
i wonder why none of you’ve thought about him.	1
while you’re moving around and you are hot and dry ,  since you’ll make your bouts more violent to that purpose ,  and he calls for drink ,  i’ll have prepared a goblet for him for that purpose ,  so that even only sipping ,  if he escapes your stick of venom by luck ,  we can be successful this way .	1
it is heresy .	1
okay .	1
sit down awhile ,  and let us once again assail your ears ,  that are so fortified against our story ,  what we two nights have seen .	1
good mr .  peaseblossom ,  i’d like to get to know you better too . —and you ,  may i ask what your name is ,  sir ?	1
if you let go of your power to attract me ,  i won’t have any power to follow you .	1
is it e'en so?	1
oh sweet mistress ,  speak !	1
my lord?	1
bring him home with triumph to his house .	1
o cassius ,  you’re connected to a lamb that carries anger as a match makes fire ,  who ,  very irritated ,  shows a hasty spark ,  and right away is cold again .	1
if you leave me so depressed, you do me wrong.	1
he looks gentler than he did.	1
i don’t know what to say .	1
here i am .	1
rebellious hell ,  if you can rebel in an old lady’s bones ,  then let virtue be like wax to burning youth ,  and melt in her own fire .	1
we’ll bring him to his house with shouts and clamors .	1
how are you ,  ophelia !	1
for christian shame ,  put by this barbarous brawl .	1
is everybody here?	1
all the perfumes of arabia couldn’t make my little hand smell better .	1
talk not to me ,  for i’ll not speak a word .	1
come to me again, and bring me word what he doth say to thee.	1
beg her to fix this broken joint between you and her husband, and, i’ll bet against any thing worth naming, this crack in your love shall grow stronger than it was before.	1
look down ,  you gods ,  and on this couple drop a blessèd crown ,  for it is you that have chalked forth the way which brought us hither .	1
now he’ll outstare the lightning .	1
therefore, farewell.	1
i do fear the people choose caesar for their king .	1
well, do your discretion.	1
bless you!	1
o ,  my good lord ,  yonder's foul murders done !	1
signior antonio !	1
tunis was never graced before with such a paragon to their queen .	1
romeo !	1
why do you speak ,  too ,   “ why blame you me to love you ?  ”  ?	1
lord ,  how my head aches !	1
good friend ,  go to him .	1
when all’s done ,  you look but on a stool .	1
the things men are allowed to do !	1
is all things ready for the royal time ?	1
horatio says 'tis but our fantasy, and will not let belief take hold of him touching this dreaded sight, twice seen of us.	1
night's candles are burnt out, and jocund day stands tiptoe on the misty mountain tops.	1
if thou canst nod, speak too.	1
my noble lords and relatives ,  good morning .	1
why ,  i said nothing .	1
every inordinate cup is unblest, and the ingredient is a devil.	1
where are my father and my mother ,  nurse ?	1
monster, your fairy, which you say is a harmless fairy, has done little better than played us for fools.	1
should i go convince my daughter to marry you ?	1
a friend of antony's .	1
they would not take her life for one thing she did .	1
use your clubs and spears !	1
only dead for two months !	1
weakness ,  your name is woman — a little month ,  even before those shoes with which she followed my poor father's body were old ,  she was totally inconsolable ,  all tears ,  why she ,  even she— o god !	1
no .	1
why should the poor be flattered ?	1
just give me a torch.	1
come on ,  come on .	1
is it honest in deed and word ?	1
besides ,  it’s might be interpreted as silly ,  because someone says  " break up the senate until another time ,  when caesar's wife shall have better dreams .	1
are you any kind of philosopher yourself ,  shepherd ?	1
for heaven’s sake ,  help me !	1
no ,  don’t be ashamed ,  cleopatra .	1
don’t talk to me, emilia; i cannot weep, and i don’t have any answers, except what should go by water.	1
answer me like men.	1
if he steal aught the whilst this play is playing, and 'scape detecting, i will pay the theft.	1
why then ,  he was god's soldier !	1
o hell-kite!	1
he lays it on .	1
but when we have an hour to spare we can talk more about it ,  if you’re willing .	1
a good lenten answer .	1
i pray you ,  sir ,  what saucy merchant was this that was so full of his ropery ?	1
here it is, i think.	1
there are some such ,  no doubt .	1
believe me, no; i thank my fortune for it, my ventures are not in one bottom trusted, nor to one place; nor is my whole estate upon the fortune of this present year: therefore my merchandise makes me not sad.	1
come, come, you're drunk.	1
and the rarest that e'er came there .	1
why ,  you speak like an experienced and quiet watchman .	1
fill the cup, lucius, until the wine overflows; i can’t drink too much of brutus' friendship.	1
we are resolved ,  my lord .	1
what do you say ,  signior gremio ?	1
what’s your trade ,  you deceitful man ?	1
o perjured woman!	1
for three months ,  hmmm .	1
how are you, my gracious sir?	1
look ,  here comes the duke .	1
let me be put to death .	1
we’ll talk more about this later . —egeus ,  i’m overriding your wishes .	1
therefore ,  my sweet rose ,  my dear rose ,  be merry .	1
what ?	1
call my knights together .	1
as i descended ?	1
and unrespective boys .	1
goodbye .	1
i’ll trust my determination and my hands ,  but none of caesar’s men .	1
i am amazed, and don’t know what to say.	1
ah ,  the immortal passado !	1
your reason ?	1
i am much bound to you .	1
regard titinius ,  and tell me what thou notest about the field .	1
what wound ever healed except bit by bit?	1
i will cut off their heads.	1
if they have done this thing ,  my noble lord— if ?	1
it doesn’t look that way to me .	1
o ,  sixpence ,  that i had o' wednesday last to pay the saddler for my mistress' crupper ?	1
from whence ariseth this ?	1
and so i thank you for your good counsel.	1
thou'rt i' the right .	1
let’s go inside .	1
one thing is certain: he’s out of control .	1
i have o'ershot myself to tell you of it .	1
but if your soles are worn out ,  i can mend you .	1
an ugly disease afflicts the new flowers of the spring too often before they have bloomed ,  and in the morning and liquid dew of youth contagious shriveling is the most imminent .	1
i thank you, madam; give welcome to my friend: this is the man, this is antonio, to whom i am so infinitely indebted.	1
what canst thou swear by now ?	1
will all great neptune's ocean wash this blood clean from my hand?	1
give me mine angle .	1
trouble us not.	1
that’s a lame threat from a toy gun ,  a poor individual’s private displeasure with a monarch .	1
armed ,  brother ?	1
what if i had said i had seen him do you wrong ?	1
well then ,  goodbye .	1
then, you be happy.	1
so is he now in execution of any bold or noble enterprise ,  however he puts on this tardy form .	1
which of them shall i take ?	1
they met me on the day we won the battle ,  and i have learned by the most perfect report that they have more in them than mortal knowledge .	1
for brutus’s sake ,  i am indebted to you .	1
i like not that.	1
lord, what fools these mortals be!	1
what do you want ?	1
romeo, will you come to your father's?	1
fit to govern!	1
may the devil turn you black ,  you white - faced fool !	1
he’ll come right away .	1
thou praisest the worst best .	1
the king my father !	1
we’ll meet them near birnam wood they are coming that way.	1
i’ll miss you ,  ariel ,  but you’ll be free . —yes ,  you will ,  yes . —go to the king’s ship in your invisible state .	1
he is not the flower of courtesy ,  but ,  i’ll warrant him ,  as gentle as a lamb .	1
come ,  come .	1
by providence divine.	1
oh my !	1
and that’s but unwholesome food ,  they say .	1
ply desdemona well, and you are sure on't.	1
stand from the body .	1
ah ,  luciana ,  did he tempt thee so ?	1
maria !	1
cassio knows you not .	1
never so weary ,  never so in woe ,  bedabbled with the dew ,  and torn with briers ,  i can no further crawl ,  no further go; my legs can keep no pace with my desires .	1
but this place is too cold for hell.	1
in the country ,  i would carry out all things by opposites; because i wouldn’t admit any kind of traffic; have no one named magistrate; appeals before a court wouldn’t be recognized; riches ,  poverty ,  and slavery ,  none; treaties ,  lines of succession ,  boundaries ,  boundary lines of land ,  farming ,  vineyards ,  none; no use of metal ,  corn ,  or wine ,  or oil; no occupations; all men idle ,  all: and women too ,  only innocent and pure; no supreme ruler , — but he would be king on it .	1
one bit of land will be a pillow for us both; one heart, one bed, two bosoms, and one trust.	1
it would anger him to raise a spirit in his mistress' circle ,  of some strange nature ,  letting it stand there until she had laid it down ,  and conjured it down .	1
but where was this ?	1
gratiano !	1
where lodges he ?	1
who is it you mean ?	1
do you mark that?	1
to do this is within the compass of man’s wit ,  and therefore i will attempt the doing it .	1
he will divorce you ,  or put upon you what restraint and grievance the law ,  with all his might to enforce it on ,  will give him cable .	1
well ,  what was yours ?	1
it has to be of mild ,  tender ,  and delicate climate .	1
till then sit still ,  my soul .	1
i will help you to ’t .	1
i eat the air, crammed with promises.	1
oh ,  you stupid moor !	1
juliet lies here ,  and her beauty fills this tomb with light .	1
i think i can discover him, if you please to get good guard, and go along with me.	1
there ,  my lord .	1
it won’t let you eat, or talk, or sleep; and, if it could affect your face and body so much that it conquers your spirit, i shouldn’t know you, brutus.	1
where is this impatient and very unfortunate man ?	1
are you so patient and forgiving that you’re going to let him off the hook ?	1
what is it ,  my good friends ?	1
indeed ?	1
your highness just told me that i should ride there before you .	1
who goes there ?	1
don’t tell me that .	1
if everything else fails ,  at least i have the power to take my own life .	1
at lovers’ perjuries ,  they say jove laughs .	1
he had none .	1
why, don’t be afraid, man; i won’t default in payment; within the next two months, that's a month before this promise to pay expires, i expect to get a return of three times three of the value of this promise to pay.	1
did you plan cassio’s death with him ?	1
a soldier ,  and afeard ?	1
what news more?	1
we know each other’s faces ,  but as for our thoughts ,  he doesn’t know any more about my thinking than i do about yours or his—or you do about mine .	1
and for his cowardship ,  ask fabian .	1
come ,  how wouldst thou praise me ?	1
fellow ,  come from the throng .	1
to dover .	1
with meditating that she must die once i have the patience to endure it now.	1
now will i go to take some privy order to draw the brats of clarence out of sight ,  and to give order that no manner of person have any time recourse unto the princes .	1
did ever dragon keep so fair a cave ?	1
let him go ,  and presently prefer his suit to caesar .	1
as	1
i’ll court his favors .	1
prepare the body then ,  and follow us .	1
like to lysander sometime frame thy tongue, then stir demetrius up with bitter wrong; and sometime rail thou like demetrius; and from each other look thou lead them thus, till o'er their brows death-counterfeiting sleep with leaden legs and batty wings doth creep.	1
could he dig without arms?	1
instead ,  hide your true face behind smiles and friendliness .	1
let me speak like yourself and lay a sentence which ,  as a grise or step ,  may help these lovers .	1
o royal caesar!	1
why ,   “ some are born great ,  some achieve greatness ,  and some have greatness thrown upon them .  ”  i was one ,  sir ,  in this interlude ,  one sir topas ,  sir ,  but that’s all one .	1
if any such there be, heaven pardon him!	1
and thought they margaret was hero ?	1
to this effect, sir, after what flourish your nature will.	1
now ,  how dost thou look now ?	1
i have seen the day that with this little arm and this good sword i have made my way through more impediments than twenty times your stop.	1
just being thanked is more than enough for me ,  madam .	1
i think there should now be a huge eclipse of sun and moon, and that the frightened globe should yawn at changes.	1
let us hurry to hear it ,  and call the noblest to hear it too .	1
upon such sacrifices ,  my cordelia ,  the gods themselves throw incense .	1
i am even the natural fool of fortune .	1
i pray thee, good mercutio, let's retire.	1
with a hand like this you need to	1
thyself a queen ,  for me that was a queen ,  outlive thy glory ,  like my wretched self .	1
lord, so what?	1
marcus octavius ,  marcus justeius ,  publicola ,  and caelius will go by sea ,  but we’ll keep the bulk on land .	1
very disgusting in the morning when he is sober ,  and most disgusting in the afternoon when he is drunk: when he is best ,  he is a little worse than a man ,  and when he is worst ,  he is little better than a beast .	1
damned as you are ,  you have cast a spell on her; because i'll restore myself to all things of sense ,  if she wasn’t bound in chains of magic ,  would a maid so tender ,  beautiful ,  and happy ,  so opposed to marriage that she shunned the wealthy ,  curled darlings of our country ,  would she ever have ,  to merit a public joke ,  run from her father to the black bosom of a thing such as you ,  to fear ,  not to delight in ?	1
i don’t think there is any such woman.	1
we'll have it tomorrow night.	1
nay ,  good my lord ,  this courtesy is not of the right breed .	1
i never gave him gifts .	1
well ,  sir ,  we will not .	1
besides ,  he’s young and handsome ,  and he’s got all the qualities that naïve and silly girls go for .	1
my dearest love ,  duncan comes here tonight .	1
where it seems best unto your royal self .	1
o my brave emperor ,  this is fought indeed !	1
my name is petruchio ,  son of antonio ,  a man well known throughout italy .	1
i think i see these things with unfocused eyes ,  as when every thing seems double .	1
where is thy instrument?	1
i hear a voice that is more shrill than all the music yelling, "caesar"!	1
she had put a wreath of fresh ,  fragrant flowers around his hairy forehead ,  and the drops of dew that lay in the center of the flowers made the flowers look like they were crying with shame to be decorating the head of that ugly jackass .	1
i hope they don’t attack us now .	1
i will praise any man that will praise me ,  though it cannot be denied what i have done by land .	1
it’s true ,  and he asked me to beg you both to attend .	1
this did i fear ,  but thought he had no weapon; for he was great of heart .	1
he gives biondello  here comes baptista .	1
i pray you ,  will you take him by the arm ?	1
it is not ,  nor it cannot come to ,  good .	1
we should hold day with the antipodes, if you would walk in absence of the sun.	1
there’s no room for the old man and his followers .	1
in sadness, cousin, i do love a woman.	1
what we are is up to us .	1
what have you done ,  my lord ,  with the dead body ?	1
by heaven ,  i’ll have ’t .	1
i hope i see him and hear him again soon .	1
yes, that thou didst.	1
what fear is this which startles in our ears ?	1
aside to sebastian] i am right glad that he's so out [aside to sebastian] i am right glad that he's so out of hope.	1
although i hate her, i'll not harm her so.	1
the lady stirs.	1
i shall ,  my lord .	1
let me see what he looks like ,  so when i see another man who resembles him ,  i’ll know to avoid him .	1
where else should they be set ?	1
too long a pause for that which you find there .	1
you’re right .	1
and ,  until she comes ,  as truly as i confess the vices of my blood to heaven ,  so i'll present truthfully ,  to your hearing ,  how i thrived in this beautiful lady's love ,  and she in mine .	1
o me !	1
has he taken care of the music ?	1
my lord ?	1
i believe drink gave you the lie last night .	1
tomorrow, if you want to speak with me, i’ll come to your house; or, if you like, come to my house, and i’ll wait for you.	1
perchance he will not mind me .	1
she is so free ,  so kind ,  so proper ,  so blessed a disposition ,  she holds it a sin in her goodness not to do more than she is asked .	1
what, not one came in?	1
now ,  in the names of all the gods at once ,  what meat does this our caesar eat that he’s grown so great ?	1
more ,  domitius: my lord desires you presently .	1
an evil soul using a holy story is like a criminal who smiles at you .	1
go thither ,  and with unattainted eye compare her face with some that i shall show ,  and i will make thee think thy swan a crow .	1
here ,  hang them on this clothesline .	1
worse and worse !	1
your sister's drowned ,  laertes .	1
their hands and faces were all covered with blood .	1
where is lysander and fair hermia ?	1
double ,  double ,  toil and trouble; fire ,  burn; and caldron ,  bubble .	1
o me ,  o me !	1
the fair ophelia !	1
that same cowardly giant - like roast beef has devoured many people from your family .	1
i swear on my honor that we saw and heard hero talking to a brute at her window last night .	1
if i were brutus now and he were cassius ,  he should not humor me .	1
don’t you have one word of joy ?	1
hail !	1
that’s a good point .	1
but soft !	1
but is he often thus ?	1
cassio was attacked here in the dark by roderigo and men who escaped .	1
i look forward to that present .	1
the wildest hath not such a heart as you .	1
look ,  you’ve got his wrinkled hands .	1
i don’t know; i am sure i am no one like that.	1
come on ,  you and i will go soon .	1
with anger ,  with fever ,  or with hunger ,  sure ,  my friend ,  but never sick with love .	1
i’ll either fight you ,  macbeth ,  or else i’ll put down my sword unused .	1
your reason ?	1
speak.	1
how did you escape ?	1
halfway down the cliff there’s somebody clinging to the rock and gathering wild herbs—a risky business !	1
when ’twas a little prating thing . —oh ,  there is a nobleman in town ,  one paris ,  that would fain lay knife aboard ,  but she ,  good soul ,  had as lief see a toad ,  a very toad ,  as see him .	1
o ,  full of danger is the duke of gloucester ,  and the queen’s sons and brothers haught and proud ,  and were they to be ruled ,  and not to rule ,  this sickly land might solace as before .	1
what noise is this ?	1
but don’t you see what a    did you hear someone ?	1
oh ,  but these are our friends .	1
if the world were mine, and demetrius mine, i would give everything else to you to be changed anyway you want.	1
will you cry about your cousin’s death forever ?	1
for ,  sir ,  it is as sure as you are roderigo ,  were i the moor ,  i would not be iago .	1
stay you ,  good gentlemen .	1
our friends all stay for you .	1
he shall live a man forbid .	1
seem?”, madam!	1
the charm dissolves quickly; and as the morning steals on into the night, melting the darkness, so their rising senses begin to chase the ignorant fumes that cloud their clearer reason.—o good gonzalo!	1
what ,  still in tears ,  evermore showering ?	1
help me into some house ,  benvolio ,  or i shall faint .	1
my dear lord ,  you know the fiery quality of the duke ,  how unremoveable and fixed he is in his own course .	1
so shall i clothe me in a forced content ,  and shut myself up in some other course ,  to fortune’s alms .	1
the heart won’t be reasoned with .	1
you sent me to the port to find a ship .	1
with the help of a surgeon he might yet recover and prove a donkey .	1
he sought my life ,  but lately ,  very late .	1
are you a man ?	1
our plan will seem too bloody ,  caius cassius ,  to cut off the head ,  and then hack off the arms and legs ,  like anger in death and jealousy afterwards ,  because antony is but a limb of caesar .	1
i appreciate your concern .	1
do so, and after two days i will discharge thee.	1
my fair bianca ,  bid my father welcome ,  while i with selfsame kindness welcome thine .	1
what ,  durst not tempt him ?	1
what!	1
my lord ,  the army of great buckingham— out on you ,  owls !	1
caesar did write for him to come to rome .	1
you ,  my slave ,  were her servant at the time ,  as you admit yourself .	1
as long as you move gracefully ,  look handsome ,  and say nothing ,  i’m yours for the dance .	1
when i was with him, i heard him swear to tubal and to chus, his countrymen, that he would rather have antonio's flesh than twenty times the value of the sum that he owed him; and i know, my lord, if law, authority, and power, don’t deny him, it will go hard with poor antonio.	1
my soul is full of sorrow .	1
mother ,  for love of grace ,  don’t put that flattering oil on your soul that says my craziness speaks and not your sin .	1
if thou dost play with him at any game ,  thou art sure to lose ,  and of that natural luck he beats thee ’gainst the odds .	1
your joke is a very bitter apple .	1
if i ever dreamt about such a matter, hate me.	1
you have to be patient with me .	1
she rendered life ,  thy name so buried in her .	1
i thank you.	1
if i were my father ,  cousin ,  would i do this ?	1
orlando ,  my liege ,  the youngest son of sir rowland de boys .	1
the broken rancor of your high - swoll'n hates ,  but lately splintered ,  knit ,  and joined together ,  must gently be preserved ,  cherished ,  and kept .	1
my children too?	1
saint francis be my speed!	1
for if the sun breeds maggots in a dead dog ,  being a god - kissing rotten flesh— have you a daughter ?	1
that will never be .	1
what are you going to do now ?	1
i have thee not, and yet i see thee still.	1
this direction is east .	1
near birnam wood shall we well meet them; that way are they coming.	1
that's not my meaning; but breathe his faults so quaintly that they may seem the taints of liberty ,  the flash and outbreak of a fiery mind ,  a savageness in unreclaimed blood ,  of general assault .	1
i’ll be sworn ,  if thou be launcelot ,  thou art mine own flesh and blood .	1
those that macbeth hath slain .	1
oh ,  isis ,  that’s impossible .	1
ay .	1
antonio shall become bound , —well .	1
but, if you swear, you may prove false.	1
i am feared in field and town .	1
go tell him about this .	1
forgive me, cousin!	1
what says the golden chest ?	1
do you think i’ll be forsworn ?	1
oh ,  do not wish one more !	1
my other self ,  my council’s consistory ,  my oracle ,  my prophet ,  my dear cousin ,  i ,  as a child ,  will go by thy direction toward ludlow then ,  for we’ll not stay behind .	1
i bade the rascal knock upon your gate and could not get him for my heart to do it .	1
here’s to thee ,  menas !	1
i led them on in this distracted fear and left sweet pyramus translated there .	1
what do you say?	1
are you a comedian ?	1
isn’t someone waiting for me ,  cinna ?	1
and this may help to thicken other proofs that do demonstrate thinly.	1
don’t say that ,  lysander .	1
come on .	1
proud ,  ”  and  “ i thank you ,  ”  and  “ i thank you not ,  ”  and yet  “ not proud ”  ?	1
o ,  my lord ,  if my duty be too bold ,  my love is too unmannerly .	1
he would not have spoke such a word .	1
be subject to no sight but thine and mine ,  invisible to every eyeball else .	1
i am the youngest of that name, for fault of a worse.	1
o, give me thy hand, one writ with me in sour misfortune's book!	1
that you lift the death sentence on my servant ,  who killed a rowdy and belligerent former servant of the duke of norfolk .	1
we’ll probably witness many more outbursts from him ,  like banishing kent .	1
when i’ve revealed my true identity ,  you’ll be glad you took the time to help me out .	1
things for the cook, sir; but i know not what.	1
your songs ?	1
now i am sure that eyes can’t hurt a person .	1
he made my heart leap for you .	1
i want to take the love i had for my cousin and take it out on the body of the man who killed him .	1
even better, and worse.	1
name what part i am for and proceed .	1
by accident most strange ,  bountiful fortune ,  now my dear lady ,  hath mine enemies brought to this shore; and by my prescience i find my zenith doth depend upon a most auspicious star ,  whose influence if now i court not ,  but omit ,  my fortunes will ever after droop .	1
those linen cheeks of thine are counselors to fear.	1
your worm is your only emperor for diet.	1
in faith ,  too much; i find it still when i have list to sleep: marry ,  before your ladyship ,  i grant she puts her tongue a little in her heart and chides with thinking .	1
we hear our bloody cousins are living in england and in ireland, not confessing their cruel murder of their father, only filling their hearers with strange lies.	1
why the nobles were imprisoned ,  and on what charges ,  i don’t know ,  my gracious lord .	1
o, reform it altogether!	1
still so constant ,  lord .	1
what ,  sir ,  not yet at rest ?	1
i never talked with her in my life .	1
room ,  oh !	1
my lord, you loved me once.	1
good night.	1
sir ,  speed you .	1
what is her burying grave, that is her womb; and from her womb children of divers kind we sucking on her natural bosom find; many for many virtues excellent, none but for some, and yet all different.	1
oh ,  i really think she loves me !	1
don’t let it ,  brutus .	1
what ,  shall i groan and tell thee ?	1
long live the king !	1
i will hear that play ,  because nothing can ever be wrong when simpleness and duty give it freely .	1
mother, you have offended my father very much.	1
how say you by this change ?	1
it was about to speak when the cock crew .	1
my mistress is in love with a monster .	1
grant their lawful suit .	1
now ,  mother ,  what's the matter ?	1
fool!	1
let’s go to the temple first .	1
yes ,  i did ,  my lord .	1
indeed ,  that is out of the air .	1
and when you do them—     cassius ,  be content .	1
after you die, it would be better to have a bad epitaph then than their ill report while you live now.	1
and that mr .  shore’s wife has nice feet ,  cherry lips ,  pretty eyes ,  and a very pleasant way of expressing herself .	1
which is one ?	1
so i recommend you take note of what i’m about to say .	1
fairies, let’s go.	1
i won’t bother you .	1
we’ll be married tomorrow .	1
it is the poisoned cup; it is too late .	1
only dig deep for your courage, and we'll not fail.	1
if he may be conveniently delivered ,  i would he were ,  for i am now so far in offense with my niece that i cannot pursue with any safety this sport to the upshot .	1
brutus shall lead ,  and we will grace his heels with the most boldest and best hearts of rome .	1
sunday is just around the corner .	1
romeo will answer it .	1
am i not in the right, old jephthah?	1
does anyone here know who i am ?	1
i have them ready.	1
what players are they?	1
hence ,  be gone ,  away !	1
well then ,  i’ll say this quickly: the valiant paris wants you as his bride .	1
if you are mine ,  i'll give you to my friend; if you aren’t ,  go hang yourself ,  beg ,  starve ,  die in the streets ,  because ,  by my soul ,  i'll never acknowledge you exist ,  and you will cut off from your inheritance .	1
it seems that the sky would pour down stinking ,  boiling tar ,  except that the sea ,  mounting to the cloud’s cheek ,  puts the fire out .	1
believe me, no; i thank my fortune for it, my cargos are not all loaded on one ship, or going to one place, and my whole estate is not based on the fortune of this present year; so, my shipments don’t make me sad.	1
grace grow where those drops fall !	1
i do not set my life at a pin's fee; and for my soul ,  what can it do to that ,  being a thing immortal as itself ?	1
i mean, in a sort.	1
no ,  not for all the world .	1
is it gone ?	1
he that plays the king shall be welcome .	1
you’d better not make that suggestion ,  agrippa .	1
who is it ?	1
isn’t their ingratitude like the mouth biting the hand that feeds it ?	1
it is well done and fitting for a princess descended of so many royal kings .	1
are you the lady of the house ?	1
now i’ve done a good day’s work .	1
away!	1
here it is ,  i think .	1
to bed ?	1
this ghost is more strange than such a murder is .	1
will it be ever thus ?	1
but not for long; charles will take care of everything .	1
you cram these words into mine ears against the stomach of my sense .	1
she’s more cunning than anyone can imagine .	1
i’ll fight at sea .	1
though in the trade of war i have slain men ,  yet do i hold it very stuff o' the conscience to do no contrived murder .	1
good dawning to thee ,  friend .	1
aboard ,  aboard ,  for shame !	1
here comes newer comfort.	1
we’ll leave ,  brutus .	1
commend me to thy lady; and bid her to hurry the whole house to bed ,  which heavy sorrow makes them more likely to do .	1
come ,  my queen ,  take hands with me ,  and rock the ground whereon these sleepers be .	1
you and i will be behind a curtain then, listening to their encounter.	1
there is no more but so .	1
this supernatural cannot be ill ,  cannot be good .	1
ah ,  my tender babes ,  my unblown flowers ,  new - appearing sweets ,  if yet your gentle souls fly in the air and be not fixed in doom perpetual ,  hover about me with your airy wings and hear your mother’s lamentation .	1
part them .	1
i really don’t know .	1
i do remember well where i should be ,  and there i am .	1
o valiant cousin!	1
you !	1
cannot you tell that ?	1
i didn’t deny you .	1
love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind; and therefore is wing'd cupid painted blind.	1
what complexion is she of ?	1
why does the world report that kate is lame ?	1
and ,  noble signior ,  if virtue no delighted beauty lack ,  your son - in - law is far more fair than black .	1
you elves of hills ,  brooks ,  standing lakes ,  and groves; and you that chase the ebbing ocean on the sands without leaving a foot print ,  and run from him when he comes back; you half - puppets that make the green ringlets sour by moonshine ,  where the ewe doesn’t bite; and you whose pastime is to make midnight mushrooms that are happy to hear the curfew sound; by whose aid , — weak masters though you are , —i have dimmed the noontide sun ,  called the mutinous winds ,  and set roaring between the green sea and the blue sky: i haven given fire to the dreaded rattling thunder ,  and split jove's stout oak with his own lightning bolt: i have made the strong - based land that stuck out into the ocean shake; and plucked up the pine and cedar by the roots: at my command ,  graves have awakened the dead ,  opened the coffins ,  and let them walk out by my so powerful magic .	1
i thank you ,  doctor .	1
you have ruined my innocent child .	1
the queen of audience nor desire shall fail ,  so she from egypt drive her all - disgracèd friend or take his life there .	1
am not i hermia?	1
dost thou say so ?	1
i can’t say no .	1
come on ,  take control of your feelings .	1
or keep it as a cistern for foul toads to knot and gender in!	1
i love my master ,  and he’ll find me very hard - working .	1
white his shroud as the mountain snow— alas ,  look here ,  my lord !	1
you know that i strongly held epicurus ,  and his opinion .	1
whilst you were here o'erwhelmèd with your grief— a passion most resulting such a man— cassio came hither .	1
i have it ,  tranio !	1
no ,  no more than is reasonable .	1
what can i do for you?	1
i never saw this before .	1
have you not hurt your head ?	1
i must be gone .	1
if ill ,  why hath it given me earnest of success ,  commencing in a truth ?	1
i think we are too bold upon your rest.	1
the king's son have i landed by himself ,  whom i left cooling of the air with sighs in an odd angle of the isle ,  and sitting ,  his arms in this sad knot .	1
i urge you to deliver your verdict .	1
speak ,  if you hear me; speak ,  of all loves !	1
what likelihood of his amendment ,  lords ?	1
you’d better understand that i won’t wait till i’m chained up in your master’s court ,  and i won’t let myself be scolded even once by dull octavia .	1
if you act like my daughter ,  i’ll marry you to my friend .	1
i slept the next night well ,  fed well ,  was free and merry .	1
his leg is but so - so—and yet ’tis well .	1
i do not think't.	1
say you so?	1
and i will give you another one.	1
never did mockers waste more idle breath.	1
which of you all will now deny to dance?	1
oh bottom, you are changed!	1
you shall never take her without her answer unless you take her without her tongue .	1
send for the count.	1
pray you, leave your courtesy, good monsieur.	1
our love ,  which right now is like a flower bud in the summer air ,  may turn out to be a beautiful flower by the next time we meet .	1
i have seen nothing.	1
i have inly wept, or should have spoke ere this.	1
it must be by his death, and, for my part, i know no personal cause to spurn at him, but for the general.	1
o, from this time forth, my thoughts be bloody, or be worth nothing!	1
it is a letter from my brother that i have not all o'er - read .	1
leave me .	1
cure her of that .	1
oh ,  but she’ll keep her word .	1
it is a nipping and an eager air.	1
and she's fair i love .	1
i took him sleeping,—that is finish'd too,— and the athenian woman by his side; that, when he waked, of force she must be eyed.	1
how dangerous is it that this man goes loose!	1
well, jailer, let’s go on; i pray good bassanio comes to see me pay his debt, and then i won’t care.	1
this “nothing” is more than just a story.	1
i am not married ,  caesar .	1
i am glad to see you mad.	1
the pound of flesh which i demand of him is dearly bought .	1
all these are bearable ,  when weighed against other graces .	1
how about the mustard without the beef .	1
not i but my affairs have made you wait .	1
yet benedick was such another ,  and now is he become a man .	1
pisa ,  renownèd for grave citizens ,  gave me my being and my father first ,  a merchant of great traffic through the world ,  vincentio ,  come of the bentivolii .	1
masters ,  spread yourselves .	1
why, the wrong is but a wrong i' the world; and hav- ing the world for your labor, 'tis a wrong in your own world, and you might quickly make it right.	1
i shall have glory by this losing day, more than octavius and mark antony shall get by this evil conquest.	1
what soldiers, servant?	1
most villanously ,  like a pedant that keeps a school i' the church .	1
my fingers itch .	1
it’s a green - eyed monster that makes fun of the victims it devours .	1
grab down chairs ,  windows ,  anything .	1
but for your husband, he is noble, wise, judicious, and best knows the fits o’ the season.	1
would he would change!	1
use every man according to his class, and who should escape whipping?	1
but this place is too cold for hell.	1
i never was nor never will be false .	1
i wish we had a signed legal contract .	1
how cam'st thou to be the siege of this moon - calf ?	1
it’s like a cannon .	1
come on ,  let’s go to prison .	1
it’s a shame ,  there is more danger in your eye than twenty of their swords .	1
are they getting rusty ?	1
what now, roderigo!	1
ah ,  all you up in heaven !	1
hell is murky .	1
i should go to the barber’s ,  monsieur ,  because i think i’m getting really hairy around the face .	1
will you come ?	1
you have my best efforts to get everything done as you ask.	1
bassanio ,  the best thing you can do is to keep living and write an epitaph for my gravestone .	1
get up from your beds as if you were rising out of your own graves ,  and walk like ghosts to come witness this horror .	1
how did he receive you, let me be convinced.	1
hymen from heaven brought her ,  yea ,  brought her hither ,  that thou mightst join her hand with his whose heart within his bosom is .	1
come, go, good juliet.	1
peace ,  peace ,  iras .	1
this is what it’s all about— please ,  i beg you— no ,  my lord ,  i’m comfortable like this ,  thank you .	1
approach, you vicious fates!	1
let the king have the letters i have sent ,  and repair thou to me with as much speed as thou wouldst fly death .	1
madam ,  his majesty asks for you ,  and for you ,  duke of gloucester ,  and for you ,  my noble lords .	1
all our service in every point twice done ,  and then done double ,  were poor and single business to contend against those honors deep and broad wherewith your majesty loads our house .	1
romeo!	1
this passion ,  and the death of a dear friend ,  would go near to make a man look sad .	1
and are you changed?	1
does he have a good ship ?	1
your loving father ,  hamlet .	1
the things that threaten me have only seen my back .	1
o lamentable day !	1
so often as that shall be ,  so often shall the group of us be called the men that gave their country liberty .	1
where’s romeo ?	1
i have wasted myself out of my money .	1
here, villain, drawn and ready.	1
dear general, i never gave you any reason.	1
that she brought me up ,  i likewise give her most humble thanks .	1
it is the cry of women, my good lord.	1
that’s right ,  you stupid thing .	1
he is returned .	1
you all did love him once, not without cause; what cause withholds you then to mourn for him?	1
what you have said i will consider ,  what you have to say i will with patience hear ,  and find a time both meet to hear and answer such high things .	1
how now ?	1
that's one of them.	1
we’ve been waiting a long time for this day .	1
aye ,  sir .	1
what ,  are you sleepy ?	1
cursed be my tribe of israel if i forgive him !	1
he hears me; and i weep because he does: i myself am naples ,  who saw , —and i haven’t stopped crying , —saw the king ,  my father wrecked .	1
don’t go out today.	1
what crimes happen so early in the morning that i have to wake up before the usual time ?	1
to the selfsame tune and words .	1
what does this mean ?	1
authority .	1
take me to octavius .	1
we see the ground whereon these woes do lie ,  but the true ground of all these piteous woes we cannot without circumstance descry .	1
oh ,  i only wish i knew the name of that husband you said he predicted will have a cheating wife !	1
come on ,  let’s go inside .	1
it is the most impenetrable cur that ever kept with men.	1
she is too fair ,  too wise ,  wisely too fair ,  to merit bliss by making me despair .	1
no ,  truly .	1
if i were to die now, i could die very happy; because, i’m afraid, my soul is so absolutely content, that no other comfort like this one can follow unknown death.	1
look you who comes here ,  a young man and an old in solemn talk .	1
was queen cordelia aggrieved by the letters you delivered ?	1
for what reason ?	1
you’d better not wear your dagger in your cap that day ,  or he might slap your head with it .	1
o, ay, as summer flies are in the shambles, that quicken even with blowing.	1
traveling from sardis ,  two mighty eagles fell on our front flag and perched there ,  eating from the hands of the soldiers who’d accompanied us to philippi .	1
o brother montague, give me your hand.	1
yes ,  and be brief .	1
now must i to the monument alone .	1
richard !	1
and what's the news ,  good cousin lodovico ?	1
stephano !	1
it will only create a scab and film over the ulcer ,  while rotten corruption ,  working within everything ,  infects it unseen .	1
no, by heaven.	1
safe in a ditch he bides ,  with twenty trenchèd gashes on his head ,  the least a death to nature .	1
he builds our fires ,  gets our firewood ,  and does all kinds of useful things for us . —hey !	1
o infinite virtue ,  com’st thou smiling from the world’s great snare uncaught ?	1
you say not right ,  old man .	1
this is as strange a thing as i have ever looked on .	1
i have my naked sword out .	1
all our service, if done twice in every point, and then done double, would be poor and single business to compete with those honors deep and broad that your majesty heaps upon our house.	1
no ,  sir ,  there are moe with him .	1
cousin ,  thou wast not wont to be so dull .	1
tie up his withered old arms .	1
i pray thee ,  sing ,  and let me woo no more .	1
with no toasts ,  you might as well stay home ,  because away from home ,  ceremony is the sauce to meat ,  getting together would be bare without it .	1
what of that ?	1
to gonzalo] nay ,  good my lord ,  be not angry .	1
o traitors, villains!	1
what is your name ?	1
was milan thrust from milan ,  that his issue should become kings of naples ?	1
oh ,  so madmen like you are also deaf .	1
as long as that ?	1
how say you by the french lord ,  monsieur le bon ?	1
take his sword away from him .	1
come ,  my coach !	1
write to him from us; send it very ,  very quickly .	1
do you need my help?	1
these wise men that give fools money get themselves a good report—after fourteen years' purchase .	1
great jove, guard othello, and swell his sail with your own powerful breath, that he may bless this bay with his tall ship, make love's quick breaths in desdemona's arms, give renewed fire to our dead spirits, and bring all cyprus comfort!	1
how does lieutenant cassio ?	1
welcome to cyprus .	1
it is only change, titinius, because octavius is overthrown by noble brutus' power, as cassius' armies are by antony.	1
my love !	1
here ,  villain ,  drawn and ready .	1
what news ,  man ?	1
it sounds no more; and sure it waits upon some god o'th’ island .	1
you are not ignorant of what excellence laertes is—	1
oh i wish your frowns would teach my smiles to have that effect !	1
o ,  come in ,  liar .	1
and in the morning early will we both fly toward belmont .	1
the sweet and bitter fool will appear right away .	1
please now ,  keep below .	1
but when  you take up your duties too cheerfully .	1
i pray you mar no more of my verses with reading them ill -  favoredly .	1
let’s go to our bedroom .	1
sweet phoebe ,  do not scorn me .	1
in order to flatter caesar ,  would you flirt with the servant who laces up his pants ?	1
come .	1
only give birth to male children ,  for your unconquered spirit should be passed on only to males .	1
why ,  who would not make her husband a cuckold to make him a monarch ?	1
caesar ,  you’re not going to be killed by a traitor—unless you kill yourself .  .	1
what ,  my old worshipful old master ?	1
goblin ,  lead them up and down .	1
lord ,  we know what we are ,  but don’t know what we may be .	1
hurry to your chamber .	1
the power of caesar ,  and his power unto octavia .	1
say ,  how is that ?	1
o mistress, villainy has made fun with love!	1
i’ve changed my mind now and partly believe in omens .	1
how now ,  masters ?	1
master ,  young man ,  you; i pray you ,  which is the way to master jew's ?	1
four o'clock in the morning .	1
o dear discretion, how his words are suited!	1
has there ever been a time—i’d really like to know—when i’ve definitely said something was true ,  and it turned out not to be true ?	1
a villain kills my father; and for that ,  i ,  his sole son ,  do this same villain send to heaven .	1
these moors are changeable in their wills:—fill thy purse with money.	1
in voices well divulged ,  free ,  learned ,  and valiant; and in dimension and the shape of nature a gracious person .	1
let me be married to three kings in a forenoon and widow them all .	1
and isn’t it to be damned to let this canker of our nature do further evil?	1
i do not think but desdemona's honest.	1
i still fear him ,  because in the acquired love he bears to caesar— alas ,  good cassius ,  don’t think of him .	1
we would have desired your good advice ,  which still has been both serious and favorable ,  in this day's council ,  but we'll do it tomorrow .	1
delay not ,  caesar .	1
wait ,  countrymen .	1
you can play no part but pyramus; for pyramus is a sweet-faced man; a proper man, as one shall see in a summer's day; a most lovely gentleman-like man; therefore you must needs play pyramus.	1
whither should they come ?	1
truly ,  my name is cinna .	1
as i did sleep under this yew tree here, i dreamt my master and another fought, and that my master slew him.	1
you seem all right now .	1
shall we go see the relics of this town ?	1
full of vexation come i with complaint against my child ,  my daughter hermia . — stand forth ,  demetrius . —my noble lord ,  this man hath my consent to marry her . — stand forth ,  lysander . —and my gracious duke ,  this man hath bewitched the bosom of my child . — thou ,  thou ,  lysander ,  thou hast given her rhymes ,  and interchanged love tokens with my child .	1
i’ll yield my legions and cavalry to caesar .	1
stay in your cabins .	1
where art thou now?	1
not really ,  unless you were ugly .	1
will the king hear this piece of work?	1
how are you, my lord?	1
how do you know he loves her ?	1
i am agreed ,  and would i had given him the best horse inv padua to begin his wooing that would thoroughly woo her ,  wed her ,  and bed her ,  and rid the house of her !	1
meanwhile ,  we’re the ones who need you .	1
help us carry these clothes to where my barrel of wine is hidden ,  or i’ll kick you out of my kingdom .	1
i know you two are rival enemies; how comes this gentle concord in the world that hatred is so far from jealousy to sleep by hate ,  and fear no enmity ?	1
i may do that i shall be sorry for .	1
now you talk of a sheet of paper ,  i remember a pretty jest your daughter told .	1
don’t be afraid of that.	1
stop !	1
his son is older ,  sir; his son is thirty .	1
i'll not fight with thee.	1
we have been praying for our husbands' welfare ,  which speed ,  we hope ,  the better for our words .	1
no ,  i don’t know you ,  and my lady didn’t send me to get you ,  and i’m not supposed to tell you to come speak with her ,  and your name is not master cesario ,  and this is not my nose ,  either .	1
it provokes the desire ,  but it takes away the performance .	1
what manner o’ thing is your crocodile ?	1
one weakness led to another ,  to make me hate myself .	1
just do it carefully . —and to think that the noble and loyal kent has been banished ,  for the crime of telling the truth !	1
what a foolish duty call you this ?	1
and will he not come again?	1
the king-becoming graces, as justice, verity, temperance, stableness, bounty, perseverance, mercy, lowliness, devotion, patience, courage, fortitude, i have no relish of them, but abound in the division of each several crime, acting it many ways.	1
they say you are a melancholy fellow .	1
do you amend it, then; it lies in you.	1
so ,  tell me ,  assuming i win your daughter’s love ,  what dowry would she bring to the marriage ?	1
anon his thisbe must be answered ,  and forth my mimic comes .	1
heaven is here, where juliet lives, and every cat, and dog, and little mouse, every unworthy thing, live here in heaven, and may look on her; but romeo may not.	1
peace ,  i have done .	1
there isn’t a single protrusion in the castle walls where these birds haven’t built their hanging nests to sleep and breed .	1
be near at hand; i may miscarry in't .	1
thou villain capulet!—hold me not, let me go.	1
the limit of your lives is out .	1
stop that alarm from ringing ,  it’s scaring the islanders .	1
nature has made it so that i can see through your chest all the way to your heart.	1
peace ,  you’d better stop .	1
this storm has no pity for either wise men or fools .	1
don’t take helena’s side .	1
let them set on at once, for i perceive but cold demeanor in octavius' wing, and sudden push gives them the overthrow.	1
are all the rest come back ?	1
i will possess you of that ship and treasure .	1
come, sit thee down upon this flowery bed, while i thy amiable cheeks do coy, and stick musk-roses in thy sleek smooth head, and kiss thy fair large ears, my gentle joy.	1
a good argument; therefore ,  listen to me ,  hermia .	1
please ,  fool ,  go away .	1
what's the matter ?	1
why ,  so i did .	1
but didn’t you expect us to cut the cloth ?	1
are they married ,  think you ?	1
if she had been blessed ,  she would never have loved the moor .	1
nay ,  get thee gone .	1
be thou assured ,  good cassio ,  i will do all my abilities in thy behalf .	1
don’t disturb the heavens any more by trying to go against heaven’s will .	1
not stingless too.	1
why, there's no remedy.	1
it doth so ,  holy sir; and there's my master ,  one that you love .	1
who’s going to keep me from them ?	1
i am strong - framed .	1
he finished indeed his mortal act that day that made my sister thirteen years .	1
i need proof !	1
did he marry me just to starve me ?	1
witness you that he is borne about invisible .	1
romeo ,  away ,  be gone !	1
you may as well do anything most hard ,  as seek to soften that—than which what’s harder ? — his jewish heart .	1
to both their deaths shalt thou be accessory .	1
you’d better get me  but does he know that i’m here in the forest and dressed in men’s clothing ?	1
why, what's the matter?	1
nay ,  pursue him now ,  lest the device take air and taint .	1
good madam ,  be patient .	1
give us a light there, ho!	1
portia ,  forgive me this forced wrong; and in the hearing of these many friends ,  i swear to you ,  even by your own beautiful eyes ,  that i see myself in , — listen ,  only that !	1
such mortal drugs i have; but mantua's law is death to any he that utters them .	1
your son and daughter found this trespass worth the shame which here it suffers .	1
come ,  go with me apart; i will withdraw ,  to furnish me with some swift means of death for the fair devil .	1
are you trying to sleep with him ?	1
what if i strayed no further ,  but chose here ? — let's see once more this saying grav'd in gold: who chooseth me ,  shall gain what many men desire .	1
the raven himself is hoarse that croaks the fatal entrance of duncan under my battlements .	1
what ,  goodman boy ?	1
signior brabantio ,  ho !	1
i am your spaniel, and, demetrius, the more you beat me, the more i will wag my tail for you.	1
for there was never yet fair woman but she made mouths    in a glass .	1
o heavens !	1
how long hast thou been a grave - maker ?	1
who do you mean ?	1
follow me ,  then .	1
therefore ,  love and tongue - tied simplicity can say the most even when they’re saying the least ,  in my opinion .	1
if you mutiny against me ,  i’ll hang you from the next tree .	1
get thee to bed ,  francisco .	1
uncle ,  this is a montague ,  our foe ,  a villain that is hither come in spite to scorn at our solemnity this night .	1
i thought i was—there is no man can tell what .	1
peace ,  you mumbling fool !	1
ay, indeed.	1
as i told thee before, i am subject to a tyrant, a sorcerer, that by his cunning hath cheated me of the island.	1
what means this jest ?	1
their sense thus weak ,  lost with their fears thus strong ,  made senseless things begin to do them wrong ,  for briers and thorns at their apparel snatch; some sleeves ,  some hats ,  from yielders all things catch .	1
live, and be prosperous; and farewell, good fellow.	1
dear general ,  i never gave you any reason to hate me .	1
let them go .	1
let me not hinder ,  cassius ,  your desires .	1
tut ,  dun's the brownish color of a mouse ,  the constable's own word .	1
here's not a nobler man in rome than antony .	1
sweet lady ,  you have given me life and living .	1
but, my good lord, why should you do this?	1
look you lay home to him .	1
nay ,  by 'r lady ,  that i think he cannot .	1
if it’s me ,  there’s no time as good as this hour of caesar’s death ,  and no weapon better than your swords ,  covered with the noblest blood in the world .	1
what do you call the carriages ?	1
did you bring caesar home ?	1
whip him ,  fellows ,  till like a boy ,  you see him cringe his face and whine aloud for mercy .	1
i am no strumpet ,  but of life as honest as you that thus abuse me .	1
consider then we come but in despite .	1
leave me and do the thing i bid thee do .	1
show ’s the way ,  sir .	1
wretched queen ,  adieu !	1
but if he be at hand i shall be satisfied .	1
you shall have some part of your will .	1
will they pursue the quality no longer than they can sing ?	1
like hell she is !	1
stand to't .	1
close your curtain, love-performing night, so that rude eyes may look away, and romeo can leap to these arms, un-talked about and unseen.	1
listen to me, jessica: lock up my doors, and when you hear the drum, and the vile squealing of the long-necked pipe, don’t run up to the windows then, or thrust your head into the public street to gaze on christian fools with varnished masks; but stop my house's ears- i mean my windows; don’t let the sound of shallow foolishness enter my sober house.	1
my lord ,  from head to foot .	1
let them judge us however they please .	1
o, unbelievable!	1
another hit .	1
no ,  not tonight .	1
fail not our feast .	1
the government of a king dies with him, but draws what's near it with it, like a gulf.	1
at your good heart's oppression .	1
i heard him say, brutus and cassius are rid like madmen through the gates of rome.	1
you are a counterfeit cowardly knave .	1
fever ,  as we know ,  is a kind of madness .	1
so go to your deaths ,  poor miserable wretches ,  the pain of which may merciful god give you the strength to endure .	1
i’m arresting you as a criminal .	1
to thine and albany’s issue be this perpetual . —what says our second daughter ,  our dearest regan ,  wife of cornwall ?	1
talk no more .	1
not caesar’s valor hath o’erthrown antony ,  but antony’s hath triumphed on itself .	1
goodbye .	1
then burst his mighty heart ,  and ,  in his mantle muffling up his face ,  even at the base of pompey's statue ,  which all the while ran blood ,  great caesar fell .	1
will you be my husband ,  then ?	1
there’d be no kingship— he wants to be king in a place with no kingship .	1
one of our ships has reported that it saw most of their fleet shipwrecked .	1
another case: king lewis the tenth ,  who was sole heir to the usurper capet ,  could not rest easy as king until he was assured that queen isabel ,  his grandmother ,  was a direct descendent of the lady ermengare ,  daughter of the aforementioned charles duke of lorraine ,  by which marriage the line of charles the great was reunited with the throne of france .	1
mustardseed .	1
she’s like a liar gone to burning hell .	1
o grace !	1
alright ,  i will .	1
make room ,  and let him stand before us .	1
let hercules himself do what he may, the cat will mew, and dog will have his day.	1
what sum owes he the jew ?	1
welcome ,  traveler .	1
o god, that men should put an enemy in their mouths to steal away their brains!	1
call me when it’s lit .	1
i will be gone ,  sir ,  and not trouble you .	1
and now ,  please ,  sir , — because it is still on my mind , —your reason for raising this storm at sea ?	1
i pray you go with me .	1
he will come straight.	1
say goodbye to me .	1
what ,  so brief ?	1
art thou afeard to be the same in thine own act and valor as thou art in desire?	1
upon the heath .	1
as thou art to thyself .	1
my lord ,  upon the platform where we watch'd .	1
nay ,  i prithee stay a little .	1
it has come again .	1
don’t do it ,  sir .	1
tybalt was my dearest cousin .	1
you’ll know more about it later .	1
yes, as sparrows eagles, or the hare the lion.	1
four legs and two voices; a most delicate monster !	1
i have said .	1
how could he have even entertained these thoughts in his heart ?	1
i like her more than i can say .	1
but you can’t blame me for her offenses .	1
but, as i said, on lammas eve at night shall she be fourteen; that shall she, marry; i remember it well.	1
o ,  he is mad ,  laertes .	1
get thee to bed .	1
him and his worth and our great need of him you have right well conceited .	1
her fallow fields are overgrown with weeds ,  while the blade that should uproot such wilderness lies rusting .	1
god doesn’t need to use indirect or illegal means to kill those who have offended him .	1
there’s meaning in your snoring .	1
how !	1
only you don’t speak to me.	1
my lord ,  i shall reply amazèdly ,  half sleep ,  half waking .	1
back ,  slave ,  or i will break thy pate across .	1
marry ,  i remember it well .	1
if he breaks the peace ,  he ought to enter into a quarrel with fear and trembling .	1
let me alone .	1
i hope we have the time some day !	1
i gave her such a one; it was my first gift.	1
love is like smoke rising with clouds of sighs; being cleansed ,  a fire sparkling in lovers' eyes; being vexed ,  a sea nourished with lovers' tears .	1
give us the swords, come on.	1
she’s insistent .	1
i like this one.	1
lend me your hand.	1
ha!	1
it’s like a cockleshell or a walnut shell ,  a joke ,  a prank ,  a doll’s cap .	1
alas, poor romeo, he is already dead!	1
upon condition publius shall not live, who is your sister's son, mark antony.	1
but i think—i want to tell you the truth ,  and now that i think about it ,  i think this is true—i came here with hermia .	1
i’ll hide here silently.	1
to you, antonio, i owe the most in money and in love; and from your love i have a warranty to unburthen all my plots and purposes, how to get clear of all the debts i owe.	1
what ,  ho !	1
it had a violent beginning, and you shall see an answerable separation— put only money in your purse.—these moors are changeable in their wills.	1
what do you mean by that ?	1
when marcus brutus grows so greedy as to engage his friend in such battles, be ready, gods, with all your thunderbolts, cut him into pieces!	1
either you or i ,  or both of us ,  must go with him .	1
how !	1
answer me .	1
that is what my master antony says .	1
o, here's a wit of kid leather, that stretches from an inch narrow to 45 inches wide!	1
the merchandise you bring from rome is too expensive for me .	1
children are now very popular ,  and are on the common stages ,  as they call them ,  so much that many actors are afraid they cannot compete and barely dare to come there .	1
but count claudio can stay ,  for what i’m about to say concerns him .	1
but why am i telling you this ?	1
he’s hiding out in friar lawrence’s cell .	1
that it should come to this!	1
who are you ?	1
too old by heaven .	1
ay ,  marry ,  are they ,  sir .	1
what man is that?	1
are you always going to be like this ?	1
a good knave .	1
mend me, thou saucy- fellow!	1
therefore ,  use none .	1
nay ,  go not back .	1
don’t saints and pilgrims have lips too ?	1
this night i’ll spend unto a dismal and a fatal end .	1
fool ,  i’ll requite it in the highest degree .	1
am i not i' the right, old jephthah?	1
no ,  don’t press up against me .	1
men must not walk too late .	1
remember’st thou any that have died on ’t ?	1
but he isn’t here now .	1
why ,  bride !	1
i hope not .	1
when he comes back from hunting ,  i’m not going to speak to him .	1
at friar lawrence’s cell she can make confession and be married .	1
it beckons you to go away with it, as if it had something to say to you alone.	1
it’s pretty .	1
do not go forth today .	1
and i pray god grant them a fair departure .	1
i’ll be able to see better from that pine tree over there .	1
how ?	1
did a dragon ever keep so beautiful a cave?	1
of her society be not afraid .	1
no doubt, he’s kidnapped.	1
but here she comes .	1
how did he say good - bye ?	1
do it ,  it’s well said ,  well said .	1
my lord, he's going to his mother's bedroom.	1
but as i said ,  the general isn’t really in the mood to hear music now .	1
tyrant, show thy face!	1
my father’s ghost—armed !	1
this servitude makes you to keep unwed .	1
follow me then.	1
we will be satisfied !	1
in sadness ,  cousin ,  i do love a woman .	1
come hither, man.	1
what said my man when my betossed soul did not attend him as we rode ?	1
wilt come ?	1
carried to colmekill ,  the sacred storehouse of his predecessors ,  and guardian of their bones .	1
where's the master ?	1
the king's a-bed.	1
ladies that have their toes unplagu'd with corns will have a bout with you.	1
drunk ?	1
but if you fail ,  without more speech ,  my lord ,  you must be gone from hence immediately .	1
you’ve done a good job ,  that other men can attribute their murders to you !	1
was ever man so 'rayed ?	1
my master's .	1
ay ,  very well ,  my lord .	1
now i change my mind, and partly credit things that have been predicted.	1
o slave !	1
people say he’s generous ,  well educated ,  and brave ,  and he’s very attractive .	1
no ,  caesar shall not .	1
i will go along .	1
kneel not ,  gentle portia .	1
a proper man .	1
i hope you go senile soon ,  sir ,  so you can become a more foolish fool !	1
i entreat you both that ,  being of so young days brought up with him ,  and sith so neighbour'd to his youth and haviour ,  that you vouchsafe your rest here in our court some little time; so by your companies to draw him on to pleasures ,  and to gather so much as from occasion you may glean ,  whether aught to us unknown afflicts him thus that open'd lies within our remedy .	1
i have some rights of past history in this kingdom, which now invites me to claim my place.	1
it is the wittiest partition that ever i heard discourse, my lord.	1
he answered 'don’t hurry back; don’t be careless with business for my sake, bassanio, but wait until your plans are realized; and for the jew's promise to pay which he has from me, don’t let it enter your mind, thinking about love: be happy, and use your main thoughts for courtship, and such beautiful shows of love that may agree with you there.” and even there, his eyes being big with tears, turning his face away, he put his hands behind him, and with affection that was amazingly easy to feel, he shook and shook bassanio's hand, and they parted like that.	1
last night of all ,  when yond same star that’s westward from the pole had made his course t' illume that part of heaven where now it burns ,  marcellus and myself ,  the bell then beating one— peace ,  break thee off .	1
as i am an honest man ,  i thought you had received some bodily wound; there is more sense in that than in reputation .	1
sirs ,  stand you all without .	1
brought to this town by that most famous warrior duke menaphon ,  your most renownèd uncle .	1
i do entreat you, not a man depart, save i alone, till antony have spoke.	1
and yonder ,  caesar .	1
what should be spoken here, where our fate, hid in an auger-hole, may rush and seize us?	1
ay ,  lord .	1
my mistress and her sister stays for you .	1
i am sorry they offend you ,  heartily; yes ,  faith ,  heartily .	1
this doesn’t look like a wedding .	1
get up ,  get up ,  and look at this image of doomsday !	1
i dare not drink yet, madam—by-and-by.	1
they have said their prayers ,  and they stay for death .	1
what ,  ho !	1
oh ,  look !	1
i would i were at home .	1
for the meat ,  sir ,  it shall be covered .	1
she had a song of  " willow ,  "  it was an old thing but it expressed her fortune ,  and she died singing it .	1
are there balance here to weigh the flesh ?	1
away !	1
i will not control my tongue; i have to speak .	1
of what city ,  may i ask ?	1
where’s the evidence against me ?	1
i’ll shut up now .	1
but ,  o vain boast !	1
none ,  man .	1
fare you well .	1
an apple ,  cleft in two ,  is not more twin than these two creatures .	1
you’ll feel the loss ,  but not the loss of the friend you weep for .	1
he never gave orders for their deaths.	1
he’s coming ,  madam; but he’s acting very strangely .	1
i humbly thank your ladyship .	1
please don’t be angry .	1
you are a fool; go to .	1
truly, sir, all that i live by is with the sharp little tool; i don’t stick my nose into any tradesman's matters, or women's matters, but with awl.	1
what now ,  roderigo !	1
hard-handed men that work in athens here, which never labour'd in their minds till now; and now have toil'd their unbreathed memories with this same play against your nuptial.	1
our care and pity is so much upon you that we remain your friend .	1
tis time i should inform thee farther.	1
well ,  and well am like to do ,  for i perceive ,  four feasts are toward .	1
your worship was wont to tell me that i could do nothing without bidding .	1
but are my brother’s powers set forth ?	1
hold off thy hand !	1
i am starving in his service; you can count my ribs with your fingers.	1
i assure you ,  sir ,  the tender love i feel in my heart is stronger than the sexual passions stirring down below .	1
i am bound by oath ,  and therefore pardon me .	1
all men call thee fickle .	1
madam, i will.	1
wo ,  ha ,  ho !	1
you see an ass head of your own ,  do you ?	1
oh buckingham ,  now i’m going to test to see if you’re truly made of gold .	1
do you think they’re married ?	1
should i do it now ?	1
do not say so, lysander; say not so.	1
if you leave like this ,  my dear ,  i won’t ever use my sword again .	1
and cross - gartered ?	1
no ,  no ,  i am as ugly as a bear ,  for beasts that meet me run away for fear .	1
thou look’st cheerly ,  and i’ll be with thee quickly .	1
an inviting eye; and yet methinks right modest .	1
iago?	1
think of this ,  good peers ,  but as a thing of custom .	1
i will kiss your hand ,  and so i leave you .	1
no.	1
he would drown the stage with tears and split the audience’s with horrid speech, make the guilty crazy, and shock the innocent, confuse the ignorant, and amaze, indeed, the very faculties of eyes and ears.	1
peter ,  stay at the gate .	1
but i’m still afraid .	1
which way did he who killed mercutio run ?	1
yes ,  casca .	1
out, strumpet!	1
murder and treason !	1
thankfully ,  we have reason to cool our raging lusts .	1
i am too sore enpierced with his shaft to soar with his light feathers; and so bound i cannot bound a pitch above dull woe .	1
fear me not ,  man .	1
why, whose is it?	1
in such a night medea gathered the enchanted herbs that renewed old aeson.	1
if you will take a homely man’s advice ,  be not found here .	1
i will ,  my lord .	1
in this way, the candle has burned the moth.	1
yes, believe me, and all his lords, the duke of milan, and his brave son being two of those lost.	1
the mighty gods defend thee !	1
my lord, he has wrung from me my reluctant permission by asking me again and again, and i finally had to give in.	1
a golden mind doesn’t bend down to choose something worthless .	1
they say this town is full of cozenage ,  as nimble jugglers that deceive the eye ,  dark - working sorcerers that change the mind ,  soul - killing witches that deform the body ,  disguised cheaters ,  prating mountebanks ,  and many suchlike liberties of sin .	1
we’ll go to the river .	1
if the gentlewoman that attends the general's wife is awake ,  tell her there's one cassio begs a little favor of speaking with her .	1
i have done no harm .	1
wilt thou do this ?	1
for lo!	1
you are a merry man ,  sir .	1
aside to antonio] the next advantage [aside to antonio] the next advantage will we take throughly .	1
know ,  my long lord ,  the marquess dorset ,  as i hear ,  is fled to richmond ,  in the parts where he abides .	1
lay thy finger thus, and let thy soul be instructed.	1
since i am crept in favor with myself ,  i will maintain it with some little cost .	1
why ,  what is tybalt ?	1
so much for him .	1
here is a friar, and slaughter'd romeo's man, with instruments upon them fit to open these dead men's tombs.	1
come ,  my young soldier ,  put up your iron .	1
would you rather caesar were living ,  and you all die slaves ,  than that caesar were dead ,  so you all live freemen ?	1
were they not forced with those that should be ours ,  we might have met them dareful ,  beard to beard ,  and beat them backward home .	1
do you understand me ?	1
good lord !	1
i almost die for food ,  and let me have it .	1
i think it doth.	1
this deed will be well welcome to lorenzo .	1
in bed asleep ,  while they do dream about things are true .	1
give me some trinket of yours ,  and i will wear it in my hat .	1
remember thee?	1
here he comes .	1
let’s have no more of this ,  let’s to our affairs . —forgive us our sins ! —gentlemen ,  let’s look to our business .	1
stay and speak !	1
ay ,  my lord .	1
the world is a bad place ,  where you can’t speak what you know .	1
what great luck the thick lips have, if he can get away with this!	1
pregnancy is a blessing ,  but not as your daughter may get pregnant .	1
why ,  one that swears and lies .	1
i thought thy heart had been wounded with the claws of a lion .	1
have patience ,  i beseech .	1
if in naples i should report this now, would they believe me’ if i should say i saw such islanders?	1
ah ,  you’re here ? —come on ,  gentlemen ,  let’s go !	1
masters ,  masters—   warrant you .	1
it is as easy as lying .	1
and so ,  i pray thee ,  call beatrice .	1
now does he feel his title hang loose about him ,  like a giant's robe upon a dwarfish thief .	1
hark ,  how these instruments summon to supper .	1
o me!	1
to have seen much but own nothing is to have rich eyes and poor hands .	1
hold ,  worthy lady ,  hold !	1
i' faith ,  i' faith ,  and both in a tune like two gypsies on a horse .	1
i know he would not be a wolf but that he sees the romans are but sheep.	1
this wind you talk of ,  blows us from ourselves .	1
so romeo would, were he not romeo call'd, retain that dear perfection which he owes without that title.	1
when these mutual things lead the way, the teacher and the main exercise follow close behind, to the obvious conclusion.	1
it will rain tonight .	1
i have rubb'd this young quat almost to the sense ,  and he grows angry .	1
but he sleeps .	1
he may win; and what is music then?	1
ay ,  casca .	1
yet in faith ,  if you did ,  it would not much approve me .	1
now, before god, everyone in our whole city is much bound to this reverend holy friar.	1
show us the way ,  sir .	1
i must be idle .	1
infer fair england’s peace by this alliance .	1
we will hear caesar's will .	1
madam ,  i will .	1
let the devil and his dam haunt you!	1
i thought i lay worse than in a rebellion, in the chains.	1
if thou pleasest not ,  i yield thee up my life .	1
i crave your highness’ pardon .	1
not one drop sooner .	1
still ,  don’t be afraid scotland has harvests enough to satisfy you ,  of your very own .	1
that’s not so, my lord, i am too much in the sun.	1
it shall do well .	1
your wife and brother made wars upon me ,  and their contestation was theme for you .	1
if this prove a vision of the island ,  one dear son shall i twice lose .	1
o worthy stephano !	1
haste thee for thy life .	1
delay this marriage for a month ,  a week; or if you do not ,  make the bridal bed in that dim monument where tybalt lies .	1
gentlemen all ,  i do suspect this trash to be a party in this injury . — patience awhile ,  good cassio . —come ,  come ,  lend me a light .	1
it’s thinking about it too much to think like that .	1
that’s not so .	1
is it gone ?	1
o, heaven forgive us!	1
the two of us will guard you while you sleep ,  my lord ,  and keep you safe .	1
what man art thou that ,  thus bescreen'd in night ,  so stumblest on my counsel ?	1
how is it ,  general ?	1
twas a sweet marriage ,  and we prosper well in our return .	1
didn’t you tell me i should know the man by the athenian garments he had on?	1
the fool has planted in his memory an army of good words; and i know many fools that stand in a better place, dressed like him, except that a tricky word defies definition.	1
now i’ll go see my priest ,  to ask for his help and tell him about my good luck .	1
think of this, good peers, but as a thing of custom.	1
o ,  he's a lovely gentleman !	1
the less they deserve it, the more credit it is to you.	1
i’ll have you two hide—and the fool too—right where he’ll find the letter .	1
who calls?	1
gentlemen ,  we won’t stay here and anger you further .	1
if i did think ,  sir ,  i were well awake i'd strive to tell you .	1
but in spite of all this ,  the man is still wealthy enough .	1
stephano is my name; and i bring word my mistress will before the break of day be here at belmont; she doth stray about by holy crosses ,  where she kneels and prays for happy wedlock hours .	1
a worthy pioneer !	1
the ides of march are come .	1
then die and be damned !	1
thou seest the world ,  volumnius ,  how it goes .	1
for hecuba !	1
this was the noblest roman of them all .	1
he saves my labor by his own approach .	1
what's the matter?	1
but, othello, speak.	1
and what will you do now ?	1
she turn'd to folly ,  and she was a whore .	1
what's his weapon?	1
read it ,  great caesar .	1
then will i give you the serving-creature.	1
their shadows seem like a killing canopy under which our army lies, ready to surrender.	1
it just happens ,  the way gentle rain drops on the ground .	1
you can’t mean it ,  tranio !	1
i was a fine fool to take it.	1
know myself !	1
your servants always have their necessities, themselves, and what they own, in elegance, to make their reckoning of accounts at your highness' pleasure, still to return your own goods.	1
i say ,  we will have no more marriages .	1
why are you so rude to someone who loves you so much ?	1
he’s a traitor .	1
wickedness !	1
well then ,  i know who you are .	1
no ,  my lord .	1
soft !	1
as the time ,  the place ,  and the condition of this country stands ,  i could heartily wish this had not befallen; but since it is as it is ,  mend it for your own good .	1
get going ,  get out of here ,  leave !	1
come ,  some music !	1
by our lady ,  i think that’s true .	1
will you hear't again?	1
i do know ,  when passion burns the blood ,  how the wasteful soul gives the tongue vows to speak .	1
my countryman, but i still don’t know him.	1
that makes lady courtesy a traitor .	1
how shall that faith return again to earth unless that husband send it me from heaven by leaving earth ?	1
bid farewell to your sisters .	1
who’s winning ?	1
i know he will be glad of our success; we are the jasons ,  we have won the fleece .	1
hold your tongue .	1
my body waits here ,  but the rest of me is gone .	1
a friend?	1
why are you breathless ,  and why stare you so ?	1
so is the fame .	1
why ,  she is within .	1
i’d hate to see you drowned in honey ,  sir .	1
your lordship speaks most truly of him.	1
it’ll be worth your while .	1
while i use you to solve this affair, i'll go to my queen, and beg the indian boy from her; and then i will release her charmed eye so that she will see the monster, and all things shall be at peace.	1
he that is giddy thinks the world turns round .	1
who’s in there ?	1
write loyal cantons of contemned love and sing them loud even in the dead of night .	1
i wish you could!	1
lord of lords !	1
the time has been that ,  when the brains were out ,  the man would die ,  and there an end .	1
appear in the likeness of a sigh.	1
i’ll have no bigger .	1
what is your will ?	1
cannot my lord stanley sleep these tedious nights ?	1
oh ,  that’s a good wish !	1
get out ,  you horrible bastard ,  or i’ll gouge out your eyes .	1
i will dry - beat you with an iron wit ,  and put up my iron dagger .	1
i am a soldier ,  i ,  older in practice ,  abler than yourself to make conditions .	1
o earth !	1
that’s how it will be for some other men ,  too ,  who think they’re as safe as you and i ,  who are well - loved by noble richard and buckingham .	1
certain ,  men should be what they seem .	1
lysander, look how i shake with fear!	1
o you hard hearts ,  you cruel men of rome ,  didn’t you know pompey ?	1
you come to me saying ,   “ shylock ,  we need money .  ”  you say that ! —even though you spat on my beard and kicked me like you’d kick a stray mutt out your front door .	1
so, so.	1
i rather will subject me to the malice of a diverted blood and bloody brother .	1
i say  “ amen .  ”	1
you call me misbeliever ,  cutthroat dog ,  and spet upon my jewish gaberdine— and all for use of that which is mine own .	1
gone?	1
we have been praying for our husbands' welfare ,  which are moving along quickly ,  we hope ,  the better for our words .	1
if till the expiration of your month ,  you will return and sojourn with my sister ,  dismissing half your train ,  come then to me .	1
saint valentine is past; begin these wood-birds but to couple now?	1
therefore be double - damned ,  swear you are honest .	1
either you are really mistaken ,  or you commit these errors willfully .	1
i wish i had !	1
everyone who does so is a traitor and should be hanged .	1
and, good lieutenant, i think you think i love you.	1
i like the work well .	1
keep your money .	1
it is an accustomed action with her ,  to seem thus washing her hands .	1
judge me, you gods!	1
they killed my children too ?	1
o ,  insupportable !	1
what i think about this ,  and about what’s happening here in rome ,  i’ll tell you later .	1
no ,  by the church ,  i haven’t .	1
wake when some vile thing is near.	1
all the worse that she stooped this low ,  then .	1
my noble uncle ,  do you know the cause ?	1
we shall ,  my liege .	1
how green!	1
she was false as water.	1
some to ligarius’s .	1
play with me ,  charmian .	1
o, come in, liar.	1
twas told me you were rough and coy and sullen ,  and now i find report a very liar .	1
here ,  peter quince .	1
what a poor instrument ,  that can do such a noble deed !	1
and why are you here from wittenberg ,  horatio ?	1
where are they ?	1
it proves not so .	1
their battles are at hand; they mean to warn us at philippi here, answering before we do demand of them.	1
is that possible ?	1
nature would not invest herself in such shadowing passion without some instruction.	1
what manner of man ?	1
no, his mouth is stopp'd; honest iago hath ta'en order for't.	1
yes .	1
stain'd with blood?	1
why, he had none.	1
that’s true ,  my lord .	1
a just hatched bird runs away with eggshell on his head .	1
for this present ,  i would not ,  so with love i might entreat you ,  be any further moved .	1
even by the rule of that knowledge by which i blamed cato for his suicide— i don’t know why ,  but i think it’s cowardly and vile to take your own life because of the fear of what might happen— arming myself with the patience to wait for the help of some high powers that govern us here below .	1
come on ,  let’s put him in a dark room and tie him up .	1
he hath a person and a smooth dispose to be suspected; framed to make women false .	1
nay, gentle romeo, we must have you dance.	1
give me some aqua vitae .	1
well ,  i’ll go hide the body in some hole till that the duke give order for his burial .	1
oh ,  the heavens !	1
here is a place reserved ,  sir .	1
but i remember now i am in this earthly world ,  where to do harm is often laudable ,  to do good sometime accounted dangerous folly .	1
please ,  sir ,  what rude salesman was this that was so full of his own trickery ?	1
my wife is coming yonder .	1
but what see what see i?	1
who’s there ,  aside from this foul weather ?	1
i wish your enterprise today may thrive .	1
robin starveling, the tailor.	1
happily this is the second time he uses them ,  for they say an old man is twice a child .	1
come here ,  man .	1
and i have met a gentleman who promises to help me find a good music tutor to instruct our lady love .	1
nor rain ,  wind ,  thunder ,  fire are my daughters .	1
keep a little bit of honesty ,  even if you’re afraid .	1
the moor’s mind has already become infected with my poisonous suggestions .	1
my lord high constable ,  the english lie within fifteen hundred paces of your tents .	1
where are my father and my mother, nurse?	1
this is a strange rest, to be asleep with eyes wide open; standing, speaking, moving, and yet so fast asleep.	1
well ,  let his father be what he will be ,  we’re talking about young master launcelot .	1
that is what my master antony says.	1
yet hear me ,  countrymen; yet hear me speak .	1
art not thou the lady olivia’s fool ?	1
so far i’ve done exactly what i was supposed to do—i put the love potion on an athenian’s eyes .	1
give me your hand .	1
you shall see it will fall right just as i told you.—she comes from over there.	1
thou liest ,  abhorred tyrant; with my sword i'll prove the lie thou speak'st .	1
my reputation, iago, my reputation!	1
of very ill manner .	1
from that cabin i’d call out to my soul .	1
it’s likely they had some notice from the people ,  how i had moved them .	1
nay ,  take my life and all; pardon not that: you take my house when you do take the prop that doth sustain my house; you take my life ,  when you do take the means whereby i live .	1
your case is most unusual ,  though the venetian law can’t stop you from proceeding . — yes ,  so he says .	1
what, now?	1
suit the action to the word ,  the word to the action; with this special observance ,  that you o'erstep not the modesty of nature: for anything so overdone is from the purpose of playing ,  whose end ,  both at the first and now ,  was and is ,  to hold ,  as 'twere ,  the mirror up to nature; to show virtue her own feature ,  scorn her own image ,  and the very age and body of the time his form and pressure .	1
he hath twice or thrice cut cupid’s bow - string ,  and the little hangman dare not shoot at him .	1
calm down .	1
ho, awake!	1
will you go ?	1
in the same figure like the king that’s dead .	1
orsino .	1
you have put him down ,  lady ,  you have put him down .	1
what shall i do ?	1
good lieutenant ,  is your general married ?	1
out and alas ,  that was my lady’s voice .	1
you don’t see our hearts; they’re full of pity; pity the general injury of rome — as fire drives out fire, so pity drives out pity — has done this deed on caesar.	1
i hear a tongue ,  shriller than all the music ,  cry  “ caesar !  ” —speak .	1
pray you ,  let’s have no more fooling about it ,  but give me your blessing .	1
he is wise, and, on my life, hath stol'n him home to bed.	1
my lord ,  i don’t know that i did cry .	1
at supper!	1
hark ,  hark !	1
what if a rat troubles my house ,  and i am happy to give ten thousand dollars to have it captured ?	1
no ,  i swear ,  i don’t even know what’s in it .	1
with all my heart .	1
i don’t know what to think about this .	1
i shall answer that better to the community than you can explain the swelling of the negro's belly; the moor is pregnant by you, launcelot.	1
we’ve been betrayed !	1
follow her close; give her good watch ,  i pray you .	1
no, we’ll slink away at suppertime, disguise ourselves at my house, and return all in an hour.	1
here is a mourning rome ,  a dangerous rome ,  no rome of safety for octavius yet; hie hence ,  and tell him so .	1
let us be conjunctive in our revenge against him.	1
with cassio, mistress.	1
he will stay until you come.	1
she was too attached to her filthy marriage ever to do a thing like that !	1
ill met by moonlight, proud titania.	1
if thou hast nature in thee ,  bear it not .	1
we'll make our leisures to attend on yours .	1
nay ,  i shall ne'er be ware of mine own wit till i break my shins against it .	1
stay then; i'll go alone .	1
besides ,  you’re a sponge !	1
or ,  if you borrow one another’s love for the instant ,  you may ,  when you hear no more words of pompey ,  return it again .	1
we will ,  my lord .	1
it stops me here ,  it is too much of joy .	1
by risking the second arrow ,  i’d often get both of them back .	1
oh ,  that woman that cannot make her fault her husband’s occasion ,  let her never nurse her child herself ,  for she will breed it like a fool .	1
if i could add a lie unto a fault, i would deny it; but you see, my finger hath not the ring upon it, it is gone.	1
relent ,  sweet hermia; and ,  lysander ,  yield thy crazed title to my certain right .	1
this is no time to play .	1
but don’t go to my uncle's bed, act as though you have a virtue if you don’t have it.	1
mark antony— pardon me ,  caius cassius .	1
and to that end ,  sir ,  i will welcome you .	1
oh ,  traitors ,  villains !	1
swear?	1
though you have put me into darkness and given your drunken cousin rule over me ,  yet have i the benefit of my senses as well as your ladyship .	1
why ,  now ,  blow wind ,  swell billow ,  and swim bark !	1
he went before me, and still dares me to fight; when i get to where he’s calling from, he’s gone.	1
anon, as patient as the female dove when that her golden couplets are disclosed, his silence will sit drooping.	1
just a moment .	1
for doting ,  not for loving ,  my pupil .	1
you shortly shall hear more .	1
awake ,  dear heart ,  awake !	1
but what praise couldst thou bestow on a deserving woman indeed ,  one that in the authority of her merit did justly put on the vouch of very malice itself ?	1
not in love neither?	1
guys who’d take her with all her faults ,  provided there were enough money involved .	1
stay, though thou kill me, sweet demetrius.	1
what woman’s servant ?	1
if i had a plantation of this island, my lord,— listen, plant it with plants that sting.	1
no ,  not at all .	1
oh ,  give us permission ,  great king ,  to search the field in safety and dispose of our dead bodies .	1
why ,  go to bed and sleep .	1
how much salt water thrown away in waste, to season love, that of it doth not taste!	1
stay ,  countrymen .	1
a fine woman!	1
come ,  charmian .	1
i’ll look for some way to leave his service .	1
true, worthy banquo!	1
how low am i ,  thou painted maypole ?	1
why ,  i do .	1
decius ,  well urged .	1
god in heaven bless her!	1
who's there ?	1
that’s not your fault !	1
then senseless ilium, seeming to feel this blow, with flaming top stoops to his base, and with a hideous crash takes prisoner pyrrhus' ear.	1
come on !	1
this is too long .	1
let’s send this news to rome .	1
but is it true, salanio?	1
oh ,  oh ,  oh !	1
come ,  now a dance and a fairy song ,  then ,  for the third part of a minute ,  leave here ,  some to kill bugs in the musk - rose buds ,  some to kill red - mice for their leather wings ,  to make my small elves coats; and some to quiet the noisy owl ,  that nightly hoots and wonders about us .	1
die two months ago ,  and not forgotten yet ?	1
my lord sebastian ,  the truth you speak doth lack some gentleness and time to speak it in—you rub the sore ,  when you should bring the plaster .	1
stay down ,  heart .	1
well, my lord.	1
bid him report the feature of octavia: her years ,  her inclination .	1
what should a man do but be merry?	1
i stand here for law .	1
give me the gown .	1
give me some whiskey.	1
a woman should always pick an older man .	1
she is low - voiced .	1
that skull had a tongue in it ,  and could sing once .	1
at his best he’s a little less than a man ,  and at his worst he’s little more than an animal .	1
whoosh !	1
quiet ,  who’s coming here ?	1
if i be waspish ,  best beware my sting .	1
o brave touch!	1
oh ,  she shows the torches how to burn bright !	1
so many journeys may the sun and moon make us count again before love is finished !	1
o, teach me how you look, and with what art you sway the motion of demetrius' heart!	1
not yet quite dead?	1
we’re close enough now .	1
only to be honest and give it to you again.	1
i confess two sleeves .	1
let me beseech your grace not to do so .	1
had i not four or five women once that tended me?	1
if i can recover him and keep him tame and get to naples with him ,  he’s a present for any emperor that ever trod on neat’s leather .	1
will the moon be shining on the night we’re performing our play ?	1
beshrew me, if i would do such a wrong for the whole world.	1
what say you ?	1
where are you now ?	1
shame on it!	1
come ,  mistress ,  you must tell's another tale .	1
o sad day !	1
bondage is hoarse and may not speak aloud; else would i tear the cave where echo lies ,  and make her airy tongue more hoarse than mine with repetition of my romeo's name .	1
the one of them contains my picture ,  prince; if you choose that ,  then i am yours withal .	1
did you hear, my honest friend?	1
the noble brutus is on the platform .	1
what men daily do ,  not knowing what they do !	1
the stupidest man of these dim country - folk who acted pyramus in their rehearsal ,  exited from his scene and entered in a bunch of bushes ,  when i took advantage of him and i fixed donkey's head on his head .	1
bernardo .	1
i would eat his heart in the marketplace .	1
why should i be afraid of you ?	1
i thank you most for him .	1
he’ll grow up to be a proper man .	1
a lover, or a tyrant?	1
tybalt is dead, and romeo banished.” that “banished,” that one word “banished,” has killed ten thousand tybalts.	1
a trumpet without .	1
it’s a very pleasing night to honest men .	1
it should work .	1
let me shake your hand, salanio.	1
good night .	1
what dost thou mean ?	1
it wasn’t the journey itself ,  uncle ,  but the troubles we encountered that made it wearisome and dull .	1
it is now high suppertime ,  and the night grows to waste .	1
hillo, ho, ho, boy!	1
gentlemen ,  gentlemen—   gentlemen ,  don’t speak .	1
his looks i fear ,  and his intents i doubt .	1
but soft ,  but soft a while .	1
it faded on the crowing of the rooster .	1
for even now i put myself to thy direction and unspeak mine own detraction; here abjure the taints and blames i laid upon myself ,  for strangers to my nature .	1
for the other men ,  we can make them believe anything we choose .	1
in great measure .	1
in genoa?	1
in form and moving ,  how expressive and admirable !	1
who is that knocking?	1
th' occasion speaks thee ,  and my strong imagination sees a crown dropping upon thy head .	1
hello ,  roderigo !	1
where’s antony ?	1
base is the slave that pays .	1
there ,  where the torch doth burn .	1
give me the daggers.	1
what's your pleasure ?	1
for ,  meeting her of late behind the wood ,  seeking sweet favors from this hateful fool ,  i did upbraid her and fall out with her .	1
teach me .	1
are there masques?	1
like her ?	1
then heaven have mercy on me!	1
believe me, sir, if i had such venture out there, the better part of my thoughts would be with my hope of their safe arrival.	1
make us your agents of revenge ,  so we can praise you when we’re victorious !	1
ready.	1
the tyrant's people on both sides do fight ,  the noble thanes do bravely in the war; the day almost itself professes yours ,  and little is to do .	1
i have had a dream— it’s beyond the smartest man to say what kind of dream it was . —man is only a donkey if he goes about to telling this dream .	1
happily, in faith; i'll put my seal to such a promise to pay, and say there is much kindness in the jew.	1
where may we set our horses ?	1
my lord bassanio gave his ring away unto the judge that begg'd it, and, indeed, deserv'd it too; and then the boy, his clerk, that took some pains in writing, he begg'd mine: and neither man, nor master, would take aught but the two rings.	1
and you’ve come at a very happy time to bear my greeting to the senators ,  and tell them that i can’t come today .	1
your answer to that.	1
i am the greatest ,  but i was able to do the least .	1
i who is cruel am yet merciful; i would not have you linger in your pain .	1
tomorrow we'll hear ourselves again.	1
o, but she'll keep her word.	1
where's the thane of cawdor ?	1
not stingless too ?	1
i’ll meet it if it’s the last thing i do .	1
i’ve heard all about you women and your cosmetics too .	1
let me be your servant .	1
monday !	1
i swear to god i won’t .	1
thank you for saying that ,  your worship ,  but we’re just the poor duke’s officers .	1
what noise is here?	1
who calls so loud?	1
there must be conclusions .	1
i brought my master news of juliet's death; and then in post he came from mantua to this same place ,  to this same monument .	1
in truth, you are to blame.	1
how now, my lord!	1
i’ll grow a talker for this gear .	1
one of these three contains her heavenly picture.	1
boatswain !	1
why ,  i am glad on ’t .	1
nay, good my lord— it is but foolery; but it is such a kind of gain-giving as would perhaps trouble a woman.	1
i will have it all mine .	1
this guy here has banished two of his daughters and blessed the third one without intending to .	1
who says he is ?	1
out, and alas!	1
well ,  we were born to die .	1
my baby hawk ?	1
ah ,  welladay !	1
what would you with her, sir?	1
and though i wouldn’t dare to swear that you love me ,  still my blood begins to flatter me that you do ,  despite the ill effects of my face .	1
capulet, montague, see what a cruel calamity is caused your hate, that heaven finds a way to kill your joys with love!	1
soft ,  comes he not here ?	1
o devil!	1
he has much fertile land .	1
write them together, yours is as fair a name; sound them, it doth become the mouth as well; weigh them, it is as heavy; conjure with 'em, brutus will start a spirit as soon as caesar.	1
no, not take interest; not, as you would say, directly interest: mark what jacob did.	1
i wonder of their being here together.	1
stand ,  ho !	1
o, pardon me, thou bleeding piece of earth, that i am meek and gentle with these butchers!	1
o ,  lay me by my mistress' side .	1
his son was but a ward two years ago .	1
dost thou squiny at me ?	1
hear me ,  good madam .	1
chorus off-stage: bow, wow!	1
but as ’tis ,  we cannot miss him: he does make our fire ,  fetch in our wood ,  and serves in offices that profit us .	1
i’m still a virgin .	1
i cannot think you are my son .	1
besides ,  it should appear ,  that if he had the present money to discharge the jew ,  he would not take it .	1
wait ,  countrymen .	1
why, how are you, hecate?	1
here was a caesar !	1
yes ,  my lord ,  if it pleases you .	1
the man i'th’ moon ?	1
i would i had been there.	1
he and i will make up .	1
why did you so cry out, sirs, in your sleep?	1
o ,  i am slain !	1
sweet phoebe ,  do not scorn me .	1
let’s hear him ,  for the things he speaks may concern caesar .	1
thou art too wild ,  too rude and bold of voice— parts that become thee happily enough and in such eyes as ours appear not faults .	1
and in this brainish apprehension kills the unseen good old man .	1
honest ,  yes ,  honest .	1
my father is not dead ,  for all your saying .	1
that can’t be .	1
see how well she can turn ?	1
even so lies she, blubbering and weeping, weeping and blubbering.	1
it is a massive wheel, set at the top of the highest mountain, in which its huge spokes, ten thousand little things are firmly glued together, that, when the wheel falls, each small piece, insignificant event, adds to the noisy ruin of the country.	1
o gentle lady, do not put me to't; for i am nothing if not critical.	1
the heavens forbid but that our loves and comforts should increase ,  even as our days do grow !	1
from whence ariseth this?	1
but those political considerations might last such a long time that the general will forget my love and service ,  especially if i’m gone and someone else has my job .	1
how is it that they travel?	1
it’s a good thing for you that ,  being castrated ,  you can better concentrate on my needs .	1
away ,  tybalt .	1
he's gone ,  but his wife's kill'd .	1
whom do you serve under ?	1
he hath ,  my lord ,  of late made many tenders of his affection to me .	1
you were supposed to be proving that there isn’t time for everything .	1
my love doth so approve him ,  that even his stubbornness ,  his checks ,  his frowns— prithee ,  unpin me—have grace and favor in them .	1
if either of you know any inward impediment why you should not be conjoined ,  charge you on your souls to utter it .	1
o, he dismounts too.	1
if you think i come hither as a lion ,  it were pity of my life .	1
nor nothing in your letters writ of her ?	1
i’ll wear a big sword in my belt ,  carry a boar - spear in my hand ,  and hide all my womanish fear in my heart .	1
macbeth !	1
i stay too long .	1
i have it ready for thee .	1
this is called  “ the countercheck quarrelsome ,  ”  and so to  “ the lie circumstantial ”  and  “ the lie direct .  ”   and how oft did you say his beard was not well cut ?	1
tide life ,  tide death ,  i come without delay .	1
but why should honor outlive honesty ?	1
goodbye ,  master; goodbye ,  goodbye !	1
and we will raise your wages .	1
did you send for him ,  sir ?	1
a person can only pay with their life once ,  and she has paid in full .	1
and lovers' hours are a hundred and sixty times longer than normal ones !	1
and from thy hated presence part i so; see me no more ,  whether he be dead or no .	1
oh god ,  whose side i think i’m fighting on ,  look kindly on my forces .	1
i swear to thee, by cupid's strongest bow, by his best arrow, with the golden head, by the simplicity of venus' doves, by that which knitteth souls and prospers loves, and by that fire which burn'd the carthage queen, when the false trojan under sail was seen, by all the vows that ever men have broke, in number more than ever women spoke, in that same place thou hast appointed me, tomorrow truly will i meet with thee.	1
the man in the moon !	1
no ,  because we shouldn’t be doing that—stuff .	1
ay ,  boy .	1
very well, my lord.	1
tis strange .	1
madam, your mother craves a word with you.	1
and let him play his music .	1
since the wall is conscious ,  it should curse back at him .	1
asses are made for bearing ,  and so are you .	1
how are they escoted ?	1
admit you were wrong .	1
wife, we were just thinking ourselves blessed that god had given us this only child, but now i see that this one is one too many, and that we are cursed in having her.	1
god restore you to health !	1
a piece of him.	1
more than prince of cats ,  i can tell you .	1
my duty hushes me .	1
i do .	1
where is the thousand marks thou hadst of me ?	1
such a one is a natural philosopher .	1
let me find him ,  fortune !	1
okay ,  but when ?	1
sir ,  don’t even try to beat me in a battle of wits .	1
a trade, sir, that i hope i may use with a clear conscience, which is indeed, sir, a mender of bad soles.	1
my god ,  i’m the highest - ranking person who speaks this language—if only we were back where it’s spoken .	1
well said .	1
the mind i sway by and the heart i bear shall never sag with doubt nor shake with fear .	1
how canst thou cross this marriage ?	1
grieve not that i am fall'n to this for you ,  for herein fortune shows herself more kind than is her custom .	1
aside] it goes on ,  i see ,  [aside] as my soul prompts it .	1
that’s authority !	1
i’ll forget that i have any home besides this spot right here .	1
i'll be with you soon.	1
o ,  he's the courageous captain of compliments .	1
and he’s mine too ,  and to a such bloody degree ,  that every minute of his being puts a big knot in my stomach; and though i could sweep him from my sight with barefaced power ,  and bid my will guarantee it ,  i can’t do it ,  because certain friends that are both his and mine ,  whose loves i may not lose ,  would only protest his fall who i myself struck down .	1
nay ,  come ,  let’s go together .	1
humbly i thank your grace.	1
pray ,  write down ,   “ borachio .  ” —yours ,  sirrah ?	1
no ,  this fun is not for me .	1
so many guests invite as here are writ.	1
look at other beautiful girls .	1
where's your master?	1
i am not valiant either, but every puny man with a whip gets my sword.	1
when were you wont to be so full of songs ,  sirrah ?	1
i was sure your lordship did not give it me.	1
tomorrow will i send .	1
affection !	1
perhaps some merchant hath invited him ,  and from the mart he’s somewhere gone to dinner .	1
you taught me first to beg ,  and now methinks you teach me how a beggar should be answered .	1
couch we awhile, and mark.	1
didst thou not hear a noise?	1
but have you touched the athenian's eyes with the love-juice yet, as i told you to?	1
most grave brabantio, in simple and pure soul i come to you.	1
did you inform them of that ?	1
why, antony.	1
my lord, i say!	1
softly ,  my masters .	1
tear him ,  tear him !	1
how sound is she asleep !	1
my fate cries out, and makes each petty artery in this body as hardy as the nemean lion's nerve.	1
mine was not bridled .	1
i have a man's mind, but a woman's might.	1
if i do so ,  it will mean more if i say it behind your back than if i say it to your face .	1
this stormy night will turn us all into fools and madmen .	1
i was enforc'd to send it after him; i was beset with shame and courtesy; my honour would not let ingratitude so much besmear it.	1
why do you infect yourself with them ?	1
but i’m old now ,  and suffering has weakened me .	1
ah ,  poor heart ,  he is so shaked of a burning quotidian tertian that it is most lamentable to behold .	1
oh ,  if you could speak ,  i might hear you call caesar an ass who’s been outsmarted !	1
what ,  urge you your petitions in the street ?	1
my lord bassanio, listening to more advice, has sent you this ring here, and asks your company at dinner.	1
i have been feasting with mine enemy, where on a sudden one hath wounded me that's by me wounded.	1
then let’s go in and hear what he has to say—though i think i can guess before the frenchman has uttered a word .	1
what is it ,  ophelia ,  that he has said to you ?	1
it is just so high as it is ,  and moves with its own organs .	1
o woeful day!	1
faith ,  e'en with losing his wits .	1
farewell ,  dear father .	1
that’s not how i do business .	1
remember me.	1
let’s act quickly .	1
why is your cheek so pale?	1
you shall not stir out of your house today.	1
but please forgive me ,  darling ,  for the sake of the vows we made to each other so recently .	1
good - bye ,  son .	1
what did your song predict ,  lady ?	1
but hast thou yet latched the athenian’s eyes with the love juice ,  as i did bid thee do ?	1
so will i turn her virtue into pitch and out of her own goodness make the net that shall enmesh them all .	1
up, sword, and know a more horrid intention.	1
romeo's a dish cloth compared to him.	1
tis now near night.	1
what’s the matter ,  do you think ?	1
make thy two eyes ,  like stars ,  start from their spheres ,  thy knotted and combinèd locks to part and each particular hair to stand on end ,  like quills upon the fearful porpentine .	1
it is no matter .	1
back, foolish tears, back to your native spring!	1
what is it ?	1
your wife and brother led troops against me ,  claiming to be fighting in your name .	1
o husband !	1
not to be endured .	1
come with me .	1
who comes so fast in silence of the night?	1
tubal, a wealthy hebrew of my tribe, will supply me.	1
give me thy hand.	1
devilish macbeth by many of these trains hath sought to win me into his power, and modest wisdom plucks me from over-credulous haste.	1
let her come in.	1
i played julius caesar .	1
i was sure your lordship did not give it me .	1
and when i’m king ,  remember to ask me for the earldom of hereford and all the possessions that go with it ,  which my brother the king used to own .	1
you cankerb lossom!	1
nay ,  press not so upon me .	1
i want to stay more than i want to go .	1
if i could pray to move ,  prayers would move me .	1
find the jew's house ,  give him this deed ,  and let him sign it; we'll leave tonight ,  and be a day ahead of our husbands coming home .	1
but who’s with him ?	1
yes ,  by mary ,  it is ,  but to my mind ,  though i am a native here ,  and know the customs since birth ,  it is a custom more honored in the braking it than the observing it .	1
fighting life, fighting death, i come without delay.	1
i’ll get there .	1
i'll fetch him presently.	1
what ,  did he marry me to famish me ?	1
oh ,  that i were a glove upon that hand that i might touch that cheek !	1
how did you like the young german ,  the duke of saxony’s nephew ?	1
if i had seen something like that ,  i would have quickly pulled out my weapon .	1
what dost thou mean?	1
i have forgotten that name ,  and that name's pain .	1
no better .	1
so he laughed and let me go .	1
now ,  sir ,  her father thinks it’s dangerous that she gives in so much to her grief; and ,  in his wisdom ,  hurries our marriage to stop the flood of her tears ,  which ,  if she does too much crying by herself ,  may make her too depressed to function in society .	1
i dreamt tonight that i did feast with caesar, and things unluckily charge my fantasy.	1
pour in the blood of a sow who has eaten her nine offspring .	1
ay, forsooth.	1
this is the time of night when witches come out ,  when graveyards yawn open and the stench of hell seeps out .	1
we must not now displease him .	1
take your penalty .	1
the moon sleeps with her lover ,  and does not want to be awakened !	1
o good iago, what shall i do to win my lord again?	1
i know a lady in venice would have walked barefoot to palestine for a touch of his nether lip .	1
let me wrap up your head ,  and it will feel okay in less than an hour .	1
leave me alone .	1
where the devil should he learn our language?	1
in my schooldays ,  when i had lost one shaft ,  i shot his fellow of the self - same flight the self - same way ,  with more advised watch ,  to find the other forth; and by adventuring both i oft found both: i urge this childhood proof ,  because what follows is pure innocence .	1
hear you ,  my lords—     we have some haste ,  leonato .	1
antonio ,  thank this gentleman ,  because ,  in my opinion ,  you owe him a lot .	1
o well - a - day that ever i was born !	1
fie upon  “ but yet .  ”   “ but yet ”  is as a jailer to bring forth some monstrous malefactor .	1
i just did my duty ,  sir .	1
they shall speak more, for now i am determined to know the worst by the worst means.	1
if every time you wished for a child you could have had one ,  you would have a million children .	1
i’ll write a letter challenging him to a duel on your behalf .	1
or to be naked with her friend in bed an hour or more, not meaning any harm?	1
and i for rosalind .	1
do the boys carry it away?	1
since if the sun breeds maggots on a dead dog ,  kissing the corpse—by the way ,  do you have a daughter ?	1
he did ,  from first to last .	1
toad ,  that under cold stone days and nights has thirty - one swelter'd venom sleeping got ,  boil thou first i’ the charmed pot .	1
this night i hold an old feast that i’ve always given ,  to which i have invited many guests ,  people i love; and if you will be among the guests ,  you’ll be one more ,  most welcome ,  and will make my guests more .	1
that he might not beteem the winds of heaven visit her face too roughly . —heaven and earth ,  must i remember ?	1
it may be so ,  for it is not mine own .	1
where?	1
we’re going to have an out - and - out brawl if i stay any longer .	1
i assure you ,  sir ,  there’s nothing to be afraid of .	1
no ,  good my lord ,  don’t be angry .	1
is this a holiday ?	1
be it so ,  lysander: find you out a bed ,  for i upon this bank will rest my head .	1
mine, sir.	1
and breath'd such life with kisses in my lips that i reviv'd and was an emperor.	1
no .	1
no.	1
you did .	1
o dear account!	1
faith, i know not what to say.	1
i’m not sure ,  but i don’t think so .	1
man’s cheeks .	1
i thought thou hadst been resolute .	1
oh ,  defend me !	1
don’t think it’s good to tell him ,  for who except a queen ,  fair ,  sober ,  wise ,  would hide from a frog ,  from a bat ,  a cat ,  such dear concerns ?	1
where else would she be ?	1
if i thought ,  sir ,  that i was well awake ,  i'd try to tell you .	1
a diamond gone, cost me two thousand ducats in frankfort!	1
lady, such a man as all the world why he's the very image of a wax statue.	1
godden to your worship ,  good captain james .	1
but she’s modest and ladylike too .	1
hold little faith ,  though thou hast too much fear .	1
you’ll know about that later .	1
but ,  in the verity of extolment ,  i take him to be a soul of great article ,  and his infusion of such dearth and rareness as ,  to make true diction of him ,  his semblable is his mirror ,  and who else would trace him ,  his umbrage ,  nothing more .	1
if his majesty has anything for us to do ,  we shall express our duty in person ,  and let him know so .	1
how otherwise ? — will you be ruled by me ?	1
we fail ?	1
what would happen to you, if the king of naples heard you?	1
which ring did you give away ,  my lord ?	1
the moon’s bright tonight .	1
the motion’s good indeed and be it so . — petruchio ,  i shall be your	1
in such a night jessica stole away from the wealthy jew ,  and ran from venice with a poor love as far as belmont .	1
tell me not ,  friar ,  that thou hear’st of this ,  unless thou tell me how i may prevent it .	1
then i’ll smack you on the head with the serving - creature’s knife .	1
how happy some o'er other some can be!	1
amen to that !	1
the sky ,  it seems ,  would pour down stinking pitch ,  but that the sea ,  mounting to th' welkin’s cheek ,  dashes the fire out .	1
o heaven !	1
i can’t find anyone who saw her leave .	1
my father—methinks i see my father.	1
this is going to be great !	1
not since widow dido's time .	1
i pray you, in your letters, when you shall these unlucky deeds relate, speak of me as i am; nothing extenuate, nor set down aught in malice.	1
tell me ,  if your dark powers can see this far: will banquo’s sons ever reign in this kingdom ?	1
think yourself a baby that you have ta'en these tenders for true pay ,  which are not sterling .	1
therefore ,  let every man give some thought to how this noble expedition may be undertaken .	1
both ,  both ,  my girl .	1
oh lord ,  my spirits are tired !	1
why couldn’t you be attended by my servants ,  or by regan’s ?	1
no ,  of course you don’t .	1
here ,  my lord .	1
what should i say to you?	1
hey ,  daughter !	1
it’s out already!	1
yet fortune cannot recompense me better than to die well ,  and not my master’s debtor .	1
i’ll fight till from my bones my flesh be hacked .	1
fare thee well !	1
come on ,  sister .	1
we shouldn’t displease him .	1
it’s expressly against the rules of combat .	1
despise me, if i don’t.	1
we’ll draw cuts for the signior .	1
here i am antony ,  yet cannot hold this visible shape ,  my knave .	1
i thank your lordship, it is very hot.	1
for shame !	1
i was hurt under your arm.	1
i fear our purpose is discovered .	1
please ,  i’m asking you ,  go ahead and get back to your state affairs .	1
i say, get away from me!	1
why is he dead?	1
in me ’tis villainy ,  in thee ’t had been good service .	1
your name, please, friend?	1
before and apace .	1
paying debts is for peasants .	1
thanks ,  guildenstern and gentle rosencrantz .	1
is it your dear friend that is thus in trouble ?	1
oh ,  these fools !	1
so is he now in execution of any bold or noble enterprise ,  however he puts on this tardy form .	1
you may gather more .	1
aren’t you lysander?	1
pah !	1
then let thy love be younger than thyself ,  or thy affection cannot hold the bent .	1
o wonderful ,  wonderful ,  and most wonderful wonderful ,  and yet again wonderful ,  and after that ,  out of all whooping !	1
they are my daylight ,  my life .	1
if thou consider rightly of the matter ,  caesar has had great wrong .	1
how now ,  spirit !	1
here comes newer comfort .	1
swear.	1
i wish ,  forbear .	1
great queen juno is coming .	1
would the night were come .	1
oh, love!	1
raise all my kindred.	1
as i remember, this should be the house.	1
nay, good my lord, this courtesy is not of the right breed.	1
that’s enough for the senate .	1
conscience and grace ,  to the profoundest pit !	1
how comes it now ,  my husband ,  o ,  how comes it that thou art thus estranged from thyself ?	1
tell me, daughter juliet, what do you think about getting married?	1
lives my sweet son ?	1
for what purpose, sir, i beg you?	1
mark.	1
forbear ,  and eat no more .	1
fairies ,  let’s go; i have sworn not to go to his bed or to keep his company .	1
let him do his spite.	1
lady !	1
i’ll say goodbye once more .	1
what news?	1
if then that friend demand why brutus rose against caesar, this is my answer: not that i loved caesar less, but that i loved rome more.	1
you’re a bitter fool .	1
meet presently at the palace .	1
hop in his walks and gambol in his eyes .	1
let this solemn melody comfort your fevered minds ,  which are now useless ,  seething inside your skulls . —all of you stand there in my spell . —	1
and i hope he’s studying his music like he’s supposed to .	1
cannot a plain man live and think no harm ,  but thus his simple truth must be abused with silken ,  sly ,  insinuating jacks ?	1
he’s walking ahead of me ,  and he keeps daring me to follow him .	1
caius ligarius doesn’t like caesar ,  who berated him for speaking well of pompey .	1
would you do such a deed for all the world ?	1
very well ,  ”   “ go to ”  !	1
only why stands macbeth in this way amazedly ?	1
then fix it .	1
beautiful is disgustingly filthy ,  and disgustingly filthy is beautiful .	1
the heart is sorely charged .	1
and be these juggling fiends no more believed, that palter with us in a double sense, that keep the word of promise to our ear, and break it to our hope.	1
what else ?	1
why, how now, stephano?	1
take it ,  brave york .	1
now ,  most noble brutus ,  the gods are friendly today ,  so that we may ,  friends in peace ,  increase our days to old age !	1
get out, tawny barbarian, out!	1
i shall do ’t .	1
he hath ,  my lord ,  wrung from me my slow leave by laboursome petition ,  and at last upon his will i seal'd my hard consent .	1
i can tell your majesty ,  the duke is a brave man .	1
widow dido !	1
o, rejoice beyond a common joy, and set it down with gold on lasting pillars.	1
to ferdinand] one word more: i order you that you wait on me.	1
with who?	1
i’ll stop at every house .	1
by-and-by, i come.— to cease thy suit and leave me to my grief.	1
it is concluded .	1
this lodovico is a proper man .	1
till night ,  my lord ,  and all night too .	1
he stayed like that a long time .	1
but i do think it is their husbands' faults if wives do fall .	1
it’s a reason for suspicion ,  even though it’s just a dream .	1
o ,  thou well - skilled in curses ,  stay awhile ,  and teach me how to curse mine enemies .	1
thou shalt find that i’ll resume the shape which thou dost think i have cast off for ever .	1
what does caesar want ?	1
when i know the gentleman ,  i’ll tell him what you say .	1
if i were ,  i wouldn’t need to ask you what happened .	1
start, eyes!	1
but quiet !	1
by my brotherhood ,  the letter was not a social one ,  but a message of great importance ,  and failing to deliver it may do a lot of damage .	1
in that and all things ,  we will show our duty .	1
if you’ve got tears, get ready to shed them now.	1
this is no mortal business, nor no sound that the earth owes.—i hear it now above me.	1
exchange me for a goat ,  when i shall turn the business of my soul to such exsufflicate and blown surmises ,  matching thy inference .	1
sing me now asleep; then to your offices, and let me rest.	1
i say amen ,  gonzalo !	1
i have had four quarrels ,  and like to have fought one .	1
what marvelous music !	1
madam ,  it just so happened that certain players we passed on the way here .	1
what worser place can i beg in your love,— and yet a place of high respect with me,— than to be used as you use your dog?	1
advise your fellows so .	1
we are men ,  my lord .	1
tell me in sadness who is that you love ?	1
away !	1
there's matter in these sighs .	1
alas, my friend and my dear countryman roderigo?	1
go escort the lords of france and burgundy ,  gloucester .	1
that monster habit ,  who eats all sense ,  of all evil habits is an angel in this ,  that in order to use fair and good actions ,  he likewise gives a dress or uniform that is ready to wear .	1
there's a french salutation to your french slop .	1
no, let me know; and knowing what i am, i know what she shall be.	1
who is so low that he wouldn’t ?	1
in a way ,  i mean .	1
know you any ,  hero ?	1
ay, so i thought.	1
i will be here again ,  even with a thought .	1
within this roof the enemy of all your graces lives .	1
what ,  is the fellow mad ?	1
i have it not about me.	1
what ,  are you hurt ?	1
what is your news ?	1
ha!	1
nay, had she been true, if heaven would make me such another world of one entire and perfect chrysolite, i'ld not have sold her for it.	1
methoughts i saw a thousand fearful wracks ,  a thousand men that fishes gnawed upon ,  wedges of gold ,  great anchors ,  heaps of pearl ,  inestimable stones ,  unvalued jewels ,  all scattered in the bottom of the sea .	1
when good manners shall lie all in one or two men's hands, and they unwash'd too, 'tis a foul thing.	1
the night has been unruly.	1
from athens is her house remote seven leagues ,  and she respects me as her only son .	1
i do remember now .	1
hello ,  sir .	1
there she is ,  over there .	1
mercutio ,  thou consort’st with romeo .	1
what ,  we’re going to die ?	1
you will always be welcome to me .	1
take this from this, if this isn’t the case now.	1
that you do think you are not what you are .	1
pass .	1
a ripe age .	1
what would my lord ?	1
is your marriage here?	1
what would you like ,  sir ?	1
i did not see you; welcome ,  gentle signior; we lack'd your counsel and your help tonight .	1
o ,  here's a wit of kid leather ,  that stretches from an inch narrow to 45 inches wide !	1
whatever you are ,  for your good warning ,  thanks; you have helped my fear with your music .	1
though cassio did only little wrong to him, as men in rage strike those that wish them best, yet surely cassio, i believe, received some strange insult from him that fled, which patience could not let him get away with.	1
alas ,  he is too young .	1
and for cassio, let me be his undertaker.	1
or o' mine either ?	1
truly ,  it must be an english tailor sent here for skimping on the fabric for a pair of a french hose .	1
eventually he finds him, striking too short at the greeks.	1
you only have to close our hands with holy words, then love-devouring death can do whatever he dares it is enough that i may call her mine.	1
if you were men, as you are men on the outside, you wouldn’t use a gentle lady like this: to vow, and swear, and super-praise my parts, when i am sure you hate me with your hearts.	1
now ,  by my hood ,  a gentile and no jew .	1
some to decius' house ,  and some to casca's ,  some to ligarius' .	1
how if i answer no ?	1
i hate him for he is a christian: but more, for that, in low simplicity, he lends out money gratis, and brings down the rate of usance here with us in venice.	1
and don’t only see his vice; it is a proper contradiction to his virtue ,  the one is as long as the other .	1
tell me ,  rainbow ,  do you know if either venus ,  the goddess of love ,  or her son ,  cupid ,  is accompanying queen juno ?	1
good question, girl: my tale invites that question.	1
lady!	1
oh ,  it’s a disaster ,  a disaster ,  by this hand ,  it’s a disaster .	1
this shows that the corpse they follow did, with a desperate hand, commit suicide.	1
did you by indirect and forced courses subdue and poison this young maid's affections?	1
what other ceremony?	1
some food we had ,  and some fresh water ,  that a noble neapolitan ,  gonzalo ,  out of his charity , —who being then appointed master of this design , —did give us; with rich garments ,  linens ,  stuffs ,  and necessaries ,  which since have steaded much; so ,  of his gentelness knowing i loved my books ,  he furnished me from mine own library with volumes that i prize above my dukedom .	1
i will .	1
only three?	1
this way ,  my lord .	1
thus it remains ,  and the remainder thus .	1
but will my rosalind do so ?	1
i see thee compass'd with thy kingdom's pearl that speak my salutation in their minds ,  whose voices i desire aloud with mine: hail ,  king of scotland !	1
know you not he has ?	1
that every like is not the same ,  o caesar ,  the heart of brutus yearns to think upon !	1
if you make us musicians ,  look to hear nothing but noise .	1
is he crazy with love for you ?	1
it’s too small for your large mind .	1
come ,  i'll hide you among a sisterhood of holy nuns .	1
do so: laziness i inherited teaches me to go down ,  oh !	1
where is my father ?	1
come ,  my sweet kate .	1
do you see the ghastliness of her eye ?	1
don’t talk to me .	1
let's meet him and receive him .	1
women are made for	1
othello !	1
shall i play my freedom at tray - trip ,  and become thy bondslave ?	1
a snake did do it ,  because no snake ever had a more forked ,  lying tongue than you have .	1
bring him to me in silence .	1
and this report hath so exasperate the king that he prepares for some attempt of war .	1
yet bend not all the harm upon yourself .	1
they are entirely welcome .	1
what do you mean by that ?	1
good .	1
the law !	1
season your admiration for a while with an attent ear ,  till i may deliver ,  upon the witness of these gentlemen ,  this marvel to you .	1
what's your pleasure?	1
go release them, ariel.	1
o, say!	1
thy spirit walks abroad ,  and turns our swords in our own proper entrails .	1
it is part of men to be afraid and tremble when the most mighty gods send lightening to astonish us .	1
i am too bold, she’s not speaking to me.	1
but, good lieutenant, is your general married?	1
the rest are princes ,  barons ,  lords ,  knights ,  squires ,  and gentlemen of blood and quality .	1
if someone else kills you ,  he will be cursed .	1
o ill-starr'd wench!	1
she is ten times more gentle than her crabby father ,  and he's made of harshness .	1
then let god grant me that you’ll be damned for that wicked deed .	1
indeed!	1
if ever he have wife ,  let her be made more miserable by the death of him than i am made by my poor lord and thee . — come now towards chertsey with your holy load ,  taken from paul’s to be interrèd there .	1
he is wise; and ,  on my life ,  he has stolen home to bed .	1
why do you ask?	1
why, here in denmark.	1
is thy news good or bad ?	1
your ear is good .	1
oh ,  darling phoebe ,  if you ever fall in love with some fresh face ,  then you’ll know about the invisible wounds that love’s sharp arrows can make .	1
and i beseech you instantly to visit my too much changed son .	1
there is laughter in heaven when earthly affairs are put right and people unite .	1
they would not take her life for one thing she did.	1
may't please your highness sit.	1
he was only a fool that brought my answer back.	1
ha, ha!	1
then weigh what loss your honour may sustain if with too credent ear you list his songs ,  or lose your heart ,  or your chaste treasure open to his unmast'red importunity .	1
look ,  where he comes .	1
i’ll take you to a place where you can speak freely .	1
o me ,  what have you done ?	1
i beg you both that, being childhood friends and brought up with him, and since you know well his youth and disposition, that you will be pleased to rest here in our court for a while, so that, with your company, you draw him on to enjoy himself, and to gather, so much as from any occasion you may glean, whether anything, unknown to us, afflicts him like this, that, once we know, we can make better.	1
o ,  train me not ,  sweet mermaid ,  with thy note to drown me in thy sister’s flood of tears .	1
everything’s fine .	1
if you can’t remember the stupidest little thing love made you do ,  you haven’t loved .	1
the king's in bed .	1
oh ,  dear god ,  please help him !	1
who’s there ?	1
goodbye ,  my lord .	1
has he asked for me ?	1
a duke who is noble in name and character .	1
no ,  caesar hath it not .	1
bite him to death ,  please .	1
go and wiggle your ears !	1
you are to die .	1
my maid nerissa and myself meantime will live as maids and widows .	1
i ask too much of you ,  but you’re always willing .	1
who here is so barbarous that he doesn’t want to be a roman ?	1
this above all ,  to your own self be true ,  and it must follow ,  as the night the day ,  you cannot then be false to any man .	1
nay ,  i’ll come .	1
you’d better go inside .	1
sir ,  shall i to this lady ?	1
why do you speak so haltingly and angrily?	1
or blessèd was't we did ?	1
stand up if you’re really a man .	1
although i may not be as graceful as you ,  so hung upon with love ,  so fortunate ,  but most miserable most ,  to love and still be unloved ?	1
it does, my boy.	1
good gentlemen ,  when are we getting together ?	1
write them together—yours is just as good a name .	1
you’re taking it more seriously than i meant it .	1
no ,  no ,  he’s dead .	1
tell me what a drunk is like ,  fool .	1
antonio ,  as i heard in genoa— what ,  what ,  what ?	1
a bastard ,  crazy fellow's it was .	1
i hope you sleep peacefully .	1
she that would alter services with thee ,   the fortunate unhappy ”   daylight and champaign discovers not more .	1
their defeat does by their own insinuation grow .	1
was never widow had so dear a loss .	1
as i was sleeping under this yew tree here ,  i dreamed that my master and another fought ,  and that my master killed him .	1
we thank your honor .	1
this was a bad beginning of the night.	1
my master’s .	1
i know you are no truant .	1
you are a fool . —you ,  niece ,  prepare to leave .	1
what wicked and dissembling glass of mine made me compare with hermia's sphery eyne?	1
then put your pipes away in your bag, because i'm leaving.	1
now am i dromio ,  and his man ,  unbound .	1
i’ll do the service of a younger man in all your business and necessities .	1
othello ,  the fortitude of the place is best known to you; and though we have there a substitute of most allowed sufficiency ,  yet opinion ,  a sovereign mistress of effects ,  throws a more safer voice on you .	1
sblood, but you will not hear me.	1
a free rope with a nooses; nothing else ,  for god's sake !	1
varrus and claudio !	1
she is spherical ,  like a globe .	1
i’m not busy now, nervous daughter.	1
begin, murderer.	1
mend me ,  you rude fellow !	1
and thence it is that i to your assistance do make love, masking the business from the common eye for sundry weighty reasons.	1
he had ,  my lord ,  and when he ran in here ,  these people saw the chain about his neck .	1
trust me ,  i fear it has .	1
budge not ,  ”  says my conscience .	1
this is open .	1
everyone that does so is a traitor and must be hanged .	1
when ’s god’s asleep ,  he’ll rob his bottle .	1
what’s the trouble ?	1
but it wasn’t until this afternoon that he broke out into violence .	1
all right ,  i’ll stop .	1
my pleading is out of tune right now; my lord is not my lord; and i wouldn’t know him if he were he in favor as changed in disposition .	1
please do this carefully ,  that he will be more in love with her than she is with him .	1
why ,  sir ,  i told you an hour ago that the good ship  this fellow’s gone mad ,  and so have i .  we’re in some kind of dream world .	1
you shall be as free as the mountain winds if you only do exactly every detail of my command.	1
marry ,  once before he won it of me with false dice .	1
a tailor made you .	1
yet here's a spot .	1
an you be mine ,  i’ll give you to my friend .	1
three thousand ducats;—'tis a good round sum.	1
there be that can rule naples as well as he that sleeps ,  lords that can prate as amply and unnecessarily as this gonzalo; i myself could make a chough of as deep chat .	1
can he be angry ?	1
keep the men moving.	1
send there to see.	1
did it stay long?	1
yes ,  it’s true ,  sir .	1
we will go from here to inverness, and then we will bind us further to you.	1
when we shall meet at compt, this look of thine will hurl my soul from heaven, and fiends will snatch at it.	1
i put it in the pocket of my gown .	1
it blushes ,  is easily embarrassed ,  and stages regular uprisings in a man’s heart .	1
i saw her laid low in her kindred’s vault and presently took post to tell it you .	1
here you may roast your goose .	1
he looks like a flattering tax collector!	1
search ,  seek ,  and know how this foul murder comes .	1
leave me with haste.	1
then pleaded i for you .	1
my lord, i will not.	1
to his father ,  that so tenderly and entirely loves him .	1
i have done no more to caesar than you shall do to brutus .	1
do they hold the same estimation they did when i was in the city ?	1
take thou that .	1
i’m glad to see you .	1
what’s the matter ?	1
so are those crispèd snaky golden locks which maketh such wanton gambols with the wind ,  upon supposèd fairness ,  often known to be the dowry of a second head ,  the skull that bred them in the sepulcher .	1
is that you ,  iago ?	1
he seems cheerful .	1
god save the foundation !	1
ha ,  ha !	1
o ,  good my lord ,  i would speak a word with you !	1
no, he doth but mistake the truth totally.	1
and ,  if you need to ,  approach the subject of me: tell them that when my mother became pregnant with the insatiable edward ,  my noble father was fighting in france .	1
no ,  you should tell him to hold his hands !	1
that’s not necessary .	1
let us be jocund .	1
i thank your lordship ,  you have got me one .	1
have you sent to bottom’s house ?	1
you have lost no reputation at all, unless you repute yourself such a loser.	1
come ,  let me clutch you .	1
brave titinius!	1
my lord, i’ll hit him now.	1
your sister’s the better soldier of the two .	1
three parts of him is ours already ,  and the man entire upon the next encounter yields him ours .	1
what are they ,  beseech your ladyship ?	1
how’s it going ,  shylock ?	1
what, paris too?	1
but ,  lepidus ,  go to caesar’s house .	1
bring them to me .	1
you are a saucy boy .	1
but by immortal providence ,  she’s mine .	1
well sir ,  they’ve lied; moreover ,  they have said things that were not true; secondarily ,  they are slanderers; sixth and lastly ,  they have falsely accused a lady; thirdly ,  they have confirmed things that did not in fact happen; and ,  in conclusion ,  they are lying scoundrels .	1
until then ,  i’ll walk around town ,  peruse the markets ,  and gaze upon the buildings ,  and then i’ll return and sleep at the inn .	1
give me my armor.	1
we are all made of dreams ,  and our life stretches from sleep before birth to sleep after death .	1
go about your business ,  wench; serve god .	1
sir topas ,  sir topas ,  good sir topas ,  please go find my lady olivia— get out ,  demon !	1
go ahead and write it down .	1
it’s a miracle you’re alive .	1
here's cassio ,  hurt by villains .	1
for my brother ,  i think he holds you well ,  and in dearness of heart hath holp to effect your ensuing marriage—surely suit ill spent and labor ill bestowed .	1
and most dear actors ,  eat no onions nor garlic ,  for we are to utter sweet breath .	1
why should i not ?	1
heaven bless the isle of cyprus and our noble general othello!	1
you find the means, and i'll find such a man.	1
yes ,  faith ,  and all his lords ,  the duke of milan and his brave son being twain .	1
three thousand dollars; it’s a good round sum .	1
yes .	1
thou!	1
if a bloody coxcomb be a hurt ,  you have hurt me .	1
ill luck ,  ill luck ?	1
be patient with him ,  brutus; it’s the way he is .	1
this is his sword .	1
come on ,  sir .	1
and thus i let you go and give you to the gods .	1
you take pleasure then in the message ?	1
so do all thoughts .	1
how now, roderigo!	1
you have slept well; awake !	1
mark antony ,  shall we give sign of battle ?	1
dost know this water-fly?	1
the king stays awake tonight and has a drinking party, keeps toasting, and the swaggering morning whirls, and, as he drinks down his drafts of rhine wine, the kettle-drum and trumpet thus noisily announce the triumph of his drinking it all down at once.	1
and now, good sweet, say thy opinion;— how dost thou like the lord bassanio's wife?	1
the world’s gone downhill since fake humility started passing for compliments .	1
for this relief much thanks.	1
canst thou bring me to th' party ?	1
i must be cruel only to be kind .	1
what’s the name of the play ?	1
why ,  have you seen anything more wonderful ?	1
please ,  let me look on the promise to pay .	1
and this is all because of our argument .	1
by the world, i think my wife is honest, and think she is not; i think that you are just, and think you are not.	1
if it takes all the wine in my bottle ,  i’ll cure him .	1
it’s easy to get desdemona on your side .	1
what ,  my lord ?	1
now ,  hamlet ,  hear .	1
the next ,  our ship— which ,  but three glasses since ,  we gave out split— is tight and yare and bravely rigged as when we first put out to sea .	1
my royal lord ,  you do not give the cheer .	1
but never mind .	1
yes ,  yes .	1
no ,  not him ,  though his face is more handsome than any man’s ,  and his legs are prettier ,  and as for his hands and feet and body ,  they’re not much to speak of ,  and yet they’re beyond compare .	1
and i regret having bragged to the messenger about how my enemies were being butchered at pomfret while i ,  as i said ,  was in good standing with richard .	1
gold ,  silver ,  and common lead .	1
come what come may, time and the hour runs through the roughest day.	1
who's there ?	1
where are you going ?	1
those friends thou hast ,  and their adoption tried ,  grapple them to thy soul with hoops of steel; but do not dull thy palm with entertainment of each new - hatch'd ,  unfledged comrade .	1
we are undone, lady, we are undone!	1
now does my project gather to a head .	1
i don’t speak well ,  and i am little blessed with the soft phrase of peace because ,  since these arms of mine were seven years' old ,  until now some nine months past ,  they have used their dearest actions on the battlefield; and i can speak little of this great world ,  only what relates to feats of war and battle; and therefore i shall grace my cause little by speaking for myself .	1
a single thing ,  as i am now ,  that wonders to hear thee speak of naples .	1
take it to your master and bring him home immediately .	1
all other devils that suggest by treasons do botch and bungle up damnation with patches ,  colors ,  and with forms being fetched from glist'ring semblances of piety .	1
i am very sorry about it ,  sir .	1
ah, what an unlucky hour is guilty of this lamentable event!	1
o, how fit a word is that vile name to perish on my sword!	1
the prince my brother hath outgrown me far .	1
rebellious dead ,  rise never till the wood of birnam rise ,  and our high - placed macbeth shall live the lease of nature ,  pay his breath to time and mortal custom .	1
i often came to places where i heard of her, but i cannot find her.	1
obey you ,  love you ,  and most honor you .	1
the moor hath killed my mistress !	1
what bloody man is that ?	1
what is this ?	1
do you question me as an honest man should do ,  for my simple true judgment ?	1
don’t make me do it ,  my lady .	1
you could be great; you are not without ambition ,  only without the drive should usually goes with it .	1
bring me to my host ,  macbeth .	1
you may as well try to turn the sun to ice by fanning its face with a peacock feather .	1
i remember him well ,  and i remember him worthy of thy praise .	1
so ,  if all turns out fine ,  as you say ,  it’s more than we deserve or i expect .	1
it is my promise ,  and they expect it from me .	1
look, here it is.	1
with her ,  on her ,  what you will .	1
goodbye, ophelia, and remember well what i have said to you.	1
see how she leans her cheek upon her hand !	1
they saw him just now as mad and deranged as the stormy sea ,  singing loudly ,  wearing a crown of nettles ,  thorns ,  hemlock ,  and all the other weeds that grow in our cornfields . —send out a hundred soldiers to find him .	1
good night, good night!	1
you have spoken truer than you purposed .	1
you ,  ladies ,  you ,  whose gentle hearts fear the smallest monstrous mouse that creeps on floor ,  may now ,  perhaps ,  both quake and tremble here ,  when a rough lion roars in wildest rage .	1
my generous welcomes, childishly cruel in being so perfect, seek to hide themselves in tears.	1
i thank thee for thy care and honest pains .	1
antonio and shylock ,  both of you come forward .	1
i’ll work on this, because i can give his state of mind true purpose, and i’ll bring him to the capitol.	1
i’ll be your purse - bearer and leave you for an hour .	1
where’s your father ?	1
pass the word along .	1
thank you ,  brave cassio .	1
he does confess he feels himself distracted ,  but from what cause he will by no means speak .	1
my lord, from head to foot.	1
how can that be ,  when you have the voice of the king himself for your succession in denmark ?	1
such a mad marriage never was before .	1
i'll make you an example.	1
we had much more monstrous matter of feast ,  which worthily deserved noting .	1
rub him about the temples .	1
honestly ,  you’re speaking the truth—ever since the fools were  with his mouth full of news .	1
i would not so much as make water but in a sink - a - pace .	1
the powerful dukes gloucester and buckingham .	1
that will require some tears in the true performance of it.	1
go you and tell her of it .	1
what early tongue so sweet saluteth me?	1
is it your dear friend that is in trouble like this ?	1
but angelo ,  you’ll pay for this ,  even if it costs all the precious metals in your jewelry shop .	1
wind and rain can’t wash it off .	1
believe me ,  king of shadows ,  i was really mistaken .	1
i’m going to get my  please ,  listen to me .	1
here’s a drink .	1
my friends told me as much ,  and i thought no less .	1
we will haste us .	1
what's the matter?	1
what’s your will ?	1
come ,  find the conspirators !	1
yes, here i tender it for him in the court; yea, twice the sum: if that will not suffice, i will be bound to pay it ten times o'er, on forfeit of my hands, my head, my heart: if this will not suffice, it must appear that malice bears down truth.	1
he laughs at the scars of love when he’s never felt love’s pain.	1
marry them to your heirs !	1
sir, you may thank yourself for this great loss, since you wouldn’t bless our europe with your daughter, but would rather marry her to an african; where she is, at least, out of your sight, you who has cause to shed tears about it.	1
it seems she hangs upon the cheek of night like a rich jewel in an ethiopian’s ear; beauty too rich for use ,  for earth too dear !	1
no—yes ,  sure .	1
not in a grave ,  to lay one in ,  another out to have .	1
please remember ,  love .	1
it’s a big prize for such a small sin .	1
this cannot anger him.	1
if that’s what you want ,  all right .	1
what should we do?	1
if i die before you ,  i beg you ,  shroud me in one of those same sheets .	1
will ’t please your honor taste of these conserves ?	1
went they not quickly ,  i should die with laughing .	1
what, is he angry?	1
let four captains bear hamlet like a soldier to the platform ,  for he was likely ,  had he been king ,  to have proved most royal ,  and ,  for his passage ,  the soldiers' music and the rites of war will speak loudly for him .	1
tis well i am found by you .	1
i know where he is .	1
sir ,  do you recognize this glove ?	1
antonio and old shylock ,  both stand forth .	1
mistress ,  think about your end—beware of your death !	1
sir ,  know you this glove ?	1
shame come to romeo !	1
come, vial.	1
so you shall have a shorter journey to your desires by the means i would now have to advance them; and the impediment very profitably removed ,  without which we couldn’t expect to succeed .	1
the queen your mother ,  in most great affliction of spirit ,  hath sent me to you .	1
tybalt, that murderer, which way did he run?	1
it waves me still .	1
what’s this ?	1
how do you feel ?	1
my lord ,  my lord !	1
the first interr'gatory that my nerissa shall be sworn on is whether till the next night she had rather stay ,  or go to bed now ,  being two hours to day .	1
look ,  here comes our honored hostess !	1
i will then give it you soundly .	1
the best news is that we have safely found our king and company .	1
no ,  he refused it publicly ,  in open court .	1
that last part is true; my rest was the sweeter .	1
do i speak you fair ?	1
only really cruel people can be called deformed .	1
how cam'st thou hither ,  tell me ,  and wherefore ?	1
who comes here ?	1
folded the writ up in form of th' other ,  subscribed it ,  gave ’t th' impression ,  placed it safely ,  the changeling never known .	1
show me, show me.	1
a flatterer’s would not ,  though they do appear as huge as high olympus .	1
read this book ,  showing that such an exercise may colours your loneliness .	1
i was about to swear that i loved you .	1
stop ,  take my sword .	1
as of a man faithful and honorable .	1
what good is covered with the face of heaven ,  to be discovered ,  that can do me good ?	1
wherefore was that cry ?	1
why ,  that’s my dainty ariel singing now .	1
why should you think that i should woo in scorn ?	1
how satisfied ,  my lord ?	1
he hath some meaning in his mad attire .	1
why should he stay whom love doth press to go?	1
therefore no more ,  but to the matter !	1
but for the handkerchief— by heaven ,  i would most gladly have forgot it .	1
no ,  none that you have sense enough to make .	1
yes ,  you fear it ?	1
i don’t know her ,  but i know her father and he knew mine well .	1
only to be generous and give it to you once more .	1
without doubt i’ve heard that .	1
we grew together like twin cherries—which seemed to be separate but were also together—two lovely cherries on one stem .	1
what means your lordship?	1
for you to threaten to kill me is most unlawful .	1
there ,  take it all back—plates ,  cups ,  the whole thing .	1
look, and you’ll see.	1
if it’s true, how little is the cost i have paid in purchasing the image of my soul from out of the state of hellish cruelty!	1
i'll keep my oath, patiently to deal with my anger.	1
that’s the one ,  sir .	1
o jupiter ,  how weary are my spirits !	1
there's the respect that makes a mess of long life ,  for who would bear the whips and scorns of time ,  the oppressor's wrong ,  the proud man's insults ,  the pangs of rejected love ,  the law's delay ,  the inexperience of office ,  and the disdain that patient merit takes from the unworthy ,  when he himself might his final settlement make with a bare ,  sharp knife ?	1
looked he or red or pale ,  or sad or merrily ?	1
but i’m still fairly high - ranking .	1
yet who would have thought the old man to have had so much blood in him?	1
you must stop this .	1
i know who you are .	1
i will weep for thee ,  for this revolt of thine methinks is like another fall of man . —their faults are open .	1
follow me .	1
is she as tall as me ?	1
caesar and he are greater friends than ever .	1
you hear nothing?	1
being a holiday, the beggar's shop is closed.	1
you are very trinculo indeed!	1
good enobarbus ,  make yourself my guest whilst you abide here .	1
sing my praises to your mistress .	1
no more of that.	1
no ,  not an oath .	1
yet brutus says he was ambitious, and brutus is an honorable man.	1
look ,  sir—here it comes !	1
how came you thus recovered?	1
is your name shylock ?	1
come on ,  casca ,  you and i will go see brutus at his house before sunrise .	1
tell me truthfully ,  do you love my sister ?	1
it was you we laughed at .	1
i agree, his means of death, his obscure burial, no trophy, sword, no coat of arms over his bones no noble rites or state funeral, cry to be heard, from heaven to earth as it were, that i must call it into question.	1
you thought so, and took his side when we decided who should die, in our black punishment and condemning to death.	1
i pro -  test unto thee— good heart ,  and i’ faith i will tell her as much .	1
we march towards birnam.	1
see where she comes from shrift with merry look.	1
please't your highness to grace us with your royal company?	1
tis noble kent ,  your friend .	1
yes ,  that’s it .	1
my lord high constable ,  the english lie within fifteen hundred paces of your tents .	1
damn it !	1
goodbye.	1
amen ,  amen !	1
listen to me.	1
this letter from bellario doth commend a young and learnèd doctor to our court .	1
if you’re being fair ,  you’ll have to describe me as someone who loved too much ,  but who wasn’t wise about it .	1
i’m here .	1
and therefore is he idle ?	1
i don’t think about them now .	1
i know where i’ll wear this dagger ,  then .	1
but you promise you can keep a secret ?	1
speak to me what thou art.	1
nor the soles of her shoe ?	1
what is my name ?	1
sheathe your dagger .	1
look how pale he glares!	1
tis much he dares ,  and to that dauntless temper of his mind he hath a wisdom that doth guide his valor to act in safety .	1
who brought it out here ?	1
let them start the battle immediately because i see only cold appearances in octavius' part of the army, and a sudden push will overthrow them.	1
double, double, toil and trouble; fire, burn; and caldron, bubble.	1
lord hamlet !	1
he is as full of courage as of kindness ,  princely in both .	1
indeed ,  the enemy nearly took the bridge ,  but he was forced to retreat ,  and the duke of exeter holds the bridge .	1
thyself do grace to them ,  and bring them in .	1
we have consented to all terms of reason .	1
it appears ,  by his small light of discretion ,  that he is growing dark ,  but still ,  politely ,  in all reason ,  we must pass the time .	1
hear me ,  beatrice— talk with a man out at a window !	1
a good old commander and a most kind gentleman .	1
well ,  you shall see; your eyes shall be your judge ,  the difference of old shylock and bassanio:— what ,  jessica ! —you won’t eat like a glutton ,  as you have done with me;—what ,  jessica ! — and sleep and snore ,  and tear clothes apart— why ,  jessica ,  i say !	1
what ,  juliet !	1
how many gentlemen have you lost in this action ?	1
most heartily i do beseech the court to give the judgment .	1
i could find in my heart to beat him—   but that the poor monster’s in drink .	1
endless greed and lust in a man’s nature is a kind of tyranny .	1
is not this something more than fantasy ?	1
he passes some humors and careers .	1
but did you not request to have it cut ?	1
what bout your thought, iago?	1
holy franciscan friar !	1
there if i grow, the harvest is your own.	1
why, as by lot, god wot, and then, you know, it came to pass, as most like it was.— the first row of the pious chanson will show you more; for look where my abridgment comes.	1
i hear some noise within.	1
come ,  go aside with me; i will leave so i can equip me with some swift means of death for the beautiful devil .	1
put up thy sword ,  or manage it to part these men with me .	1
varro and claudio !	1
make me to see't; or at the least so prove it ,  that the probation bear no hinge nor loop to hang a doubt on; or woe upon thy life !	1
good - night ,  good doctor .	1
i don’t know where he’s staying ,  so if i told you he’s sleeping here or there ,  i’d be lying .	1
have all his ventures fail'd?	1
oh ,  ay ,  as summer flies are in the shambles ,  that quicken even with blowing .	1
i think our country sinks beneath the yoke; it weeps, it bleeds, and each new day a gash is added to her wounds.	1
forgive me my foul murder ?	1
that handkerchief which i so loved and gave thee thou gavest to cassio .	1
you must note beside ,  that we have tried the utmost of our friends ,  our legions are brim - full ,  our cause is ripe .	1
she is a virtuous and a reverend lady .	1
we have a little dessert coming up .	1
if the world were mine ,  and demetrius mine ,  i would give everything else to you to be changed anyway you want .	1
i’m afraid we’re intruding too boldly on your sleep time .	1
here comes my man .	1
ay ,  ay .	1
my cordelia ,  even the gods admire how much you’ve sacrificed for me .	1
knock ,  knock ,  knock !	1
thieves!	1
there is a tide in the affairs of men which taken at the flood leads on to fortune; omitted ,  all the voyage of their life is bound in shallows and in miseries .	1
what, still in tears?	1
the sight is dismal ,  and our affairs from england come too late .	1
besides, it’s might be interpreted as silly, because someone says "break up the senate until another time, when caesar's wife shall have better dreams.	1
truly, it must be an english tailor sent here for skimping on the fabric for a pair of a french hose.	1
come ,  lords ,  will you go to comfort edward with our company ?	1
well, let his father be what he will be, we’re talking about young master launcelot.	1
and here comes pyramus.	1
rules my life .  ”  hmm ,  let me see ,  let me see ,  let me see .	1
take a tip from me ,  then .	1
iago keeps his word .	1
and thence it is that i to your assistance do make love ,  masking the business from the common eye for sundry weighty reasons .	1
but, o, what form of prayer can help me?	1
we don’t need a ghost ,  my lord ,  to come from the grave to tell us this .	1
the lowest part of his hoof is more musical than pan’s pipe .	1
poor prattler ,  how thou talk'st !	1
do i speak you fair ?	1
how sweet the moonlight sleeps upon this bank !	1
it is something of my negligence ,  nothing of my purpose .	1
horrid villain !	1
wow ,  she is one of this conspiracy !	1
witness this army, of such mass and charge, led by a delicate and tender prince, whose spirit with divine ambition puff'd, makes mouths at the invisible event, exposing what is mortal and unsure to all that fortune, death, and danger dare, even for an eggshell.	1
yea ,  ”  quoth he ,   “ dost thou fall upon thy face ?	1
come on.	1
bring him here and ask him .	1
when roscius was an actor in ancient rome — the actors have arrived ,  my lord .	1
leave wringing of your hands.	1
go ahead .	1
so am i purposed .	1
within this hour i was his bondman sir ,  but he ,  i thank him ,  gnawed in two my cords .	1
look ,  where he is coming !	1
didn’t you argue it out with your tailor for wearing one of his new suits before the right season ?	1
my suit to her is that she will to virtuous desdemona procure me some access.	1
can’t do it .	1
those dreams are indeed ambition, for the very substance of the ambitious is merely the shadow of a dream.	1
who calls ?	1
i told him that your father was at venice ,  and that you looked for him this day in padua .	1
the enemy gets larger each day .	1
are you sick ?	1
farewell, farewell!	1
do you triumph, roman?	1
is it a custom?	1
you lie.	1
the voice of cassio .	1
forget your epilogue .	1
enough !	1
are you considering desertion ,  as well ?	1
when they are gone ,  then must i count my gains .	1
tis well i am found by you.	1
thou dost talk nothing to me .	1
pay you ?	1
what, gertrude?	1
here ,  sweet lord ,  at your service .	1
i spoke with a frenchman yesterday who said that a venetian ship loaded with treasure was wrecked in the english channel .	1
presently?	1
she was the wife of caius marcellus .	1
ay, he spoke greek.	1
no, no!	1
i pray you give me leave to go from hence: i am not well; send the deed after me ,  and i will sign it .	1
you torture me, tubal: it was my turquoise ring; i got from leah, my wife, when i was still single; i wouldn’t have traded it for a wilderness of monkeys.	1
marry ,  sir ,  they praise me and make an ass of me ,  now my foes tell me plainly i am an ass .	1
today our hopes are at an end .	1
i’m like the one sick sheep in the flock ,  the one who deserves to die .	1
general ,  be careful; he comes with bad intentions .	1
the poet's eye ,  in a fine frenzy rolling ,  doth glance from heaven to earth ,  from earth to heaven; and as imagination bodies forth the forms of things unknown ,  the poet's pen turns them to shapes ,  and gives to airy nothing a local habitation and a name .	1
fie ,  fie upon thee ,  strumpet !	1
what’s this to my lysander ?	1
i pray you, fail me not.	1
but in fact it doesn’t say much .	1
o peer!	1
so i can sleep away the time while my antony is gone .	1
let's assist them ,  for our case is theirs .	1
a visor for a visor !	1
and let these deceitful fiends be believed no more ,  that trick us with double meanings ,  that keep the word of promise to our ears ,  and break it to our hopes !	1
and for the jew’s bond which he hath of me ,  let it not enter in your mind of love .	1
you haven’t lost it unless you think you have .	1
ay ,  sir ,  the sergeant of the band; he that brings any man to answer it that breaks his band; one that thinks a man always going to bed and says  “ god give you good rest .  ”   well ,  sir ,  there rest in your foolery .	1
it is a creature that dotes on cassio, as 'tis the strumpet's plague to beguile many and be beguiled by one.	1
to alonso.	1
for god knows how many healthy men will shed their blood in support of whatever you persuade me to do .	1
but is this law ?	1
and duncan's horses—a thing most strange and certain— beauteous and swift ,  the minions of their race ,  turn'd wild in nature ,  broke their stalls ,  flung out ,  contending ’gainst obedience ,  as they would make war with mankind .	1
this news is absolutely true: mark antony is expected to arrive in rome at any hour now .	1
zounds ,  sir ,  you are one of those that will not serve god ,  if the devil bid you .	1
you must awhile be patient .	1
i must once in a month recount what thou hast been ,  which thou forget'st .	1
please ,  let me go .	1
the duke does greet you, general, and he requires your haste-post-haste appearance, even on the instant.	1
we’re ruined !	1
not i ,  my lord .	1
song] you spotted snakes with double tongue, thorny hedgehogs, be not seen; newts and blind-worms, do no wrong, come not near our fairy queen.	1
hamlet ,  thou hast thy father much offended .	1
you must have patience ,  madam .	1
monster ,  i smell like horse piss ,  which is making my nose pretty upset .	1
i will requite your loves .	1
norfolk ,  we must have knocks ,  ha ,  must we not ?	1
oh ,  please do .	1
leave her to heaven, and to those thorns that live in her bosom, to prick and sting her.	1
come, come, come, come, give me your hand.	1
oh ,  what an excellent thing this learning is !	1
a more unhappy lady ,  if this division chance ,  ne’er stood between ,  praying for both parts .	1
hie therefore ,  robin ,  overcast the night; the starry welkin cover thou anon with drooping fog as black as acheron ,  and lead these testy rivals so astray as one come not within another's way .	1
our brother is imprisoned by your means ,  myself disgraced ,  and the nobility held in contempt ,  while great promotions are daily given to ennoble those that scarce some two days since were worth a noble .	1
all our service in every point twice done, and then done double, were poor and single business to contend against those honors deep and broad wherewith your majesty loads our house.	1
i am enjoin'd by oath to observe three things: first ,  never to unfold to any one ,  which casket 'twas i chose; next ,  if i fail of the right casket ,  never in my life to woo a maid in way of marriage; lastly ,  if i do fail in fortune of my choice ,  immediately to leave you ,  and be gone .	1
here comes the countess .	1
shut up ,  fool .	1
oh ,  with his sordid desertion ,  he sets the example for our own .	1
that, sir, which i will not report about her.	1
go inside ,  and tell my mother that i’m going to lawrence' cell to make confession and be forgiven because i’ve made my father so angry .	1
sir ,  most heedfully .	1
for shame, you generals!	1
here comes your father .	1
o night with hue so black !	1
what do you see?	1
she is persuaded i will marry her ,  out of her own love and flattery ,  not out of my promise .	1
do it .	1
he ,  being weak ,  most generous ,  and free from all trickery ,  will not think about swords ,  so that easily ,  or with a little mix up ,  you may choose a sword that’s not poisoned ,  and ,  in a pass during practice ,  kill him in revenge for your father .	1
see these letters delivered; put the liveries to making; and desire gratiano to come anon to my lodging.	1
well, do so: don’t let me take him then; because, if i do, i'll break the young clerk's pen.	1
we would so, and then go a-bat-fowling.. [to gonzalo] nay, good my lord, be not angry.	1
o god !	1
come on, wait on him; lead him to my private apartment.	1
thanks ,  guildenstern and worthy rosencrantz .	1
nor for yours neither .	1
if i were in the habit of fighting the way you are ,  my life insurance rates would be sky high .	1
a sailor's wife had chestnuts in her lap ,  and mounch'd ,  and mounch'd ,  and mounch'd .	1
horatio ,  you’re the best man i’ve ever known .	1
what ?	1
in such a time as this it is not meet that every nice offense should bear his comment.	1
madam ,  there’s a young gentleman at the gate who really wants to speak to you .	1
never come such division 'tween our souls!	1
or if thou wilt needs marry, marry a fool; for wise men know well enough what monsters you make of them.	1
what, dares the slave come hither, covered with a mask, to sneer and scorn at our feast?	1
go to ,  woman !	1
your wife wouldn’t like it if she were here to hear you make that offer .	1
sir ,  i have not you by the hand .	1
i admit that he’s murderous ,  lecherous ,  greedy ,  lying ,  deceitful ,  violent ,  malicious ,  and guilty of every sin that has a name .	1
ha, ha!	1
then you might as well say they’re not dead .	1
look whe'e he has not turned his color and has tears in ’s eyes . —prithee ,  no more .	1
i don’t have the proud melancholy of a courtier or the ambitious melancholy of a soldier or the calculated melancholy of a lawyer .	1
pray you come in .	1
arise, i say!	1
my father is not dead, is all you’re saying.	1
do you like this haste ?	1
if a christian wrong a jew ,  what should his sufferance be by christian example ?	1
kent ,  father ,  sisters !	1
first kiss me ,  kate ,  and then we will .	1
don’t bother with it .	1
quiet ,  everyone !	1
when they are in great danger ,  i recover them .	1
give me those flowers.	1
is it they?	1
no beast so fierce but knows some touch of pity .	1
it can only mean that you have murdered him; a murderer should look like you, so dead, so grim.	1
hear you the news abroad ?	1
my husband lost his life to get the crown ,  and often up and down my sons were tossed for me to joy ,  and weep ,  their gain and loss .	1
o god !	1
give her the right you should have given her cousin ,  and so dies my revenge .	1
we shall obey, were she ten times our mother.	1
ah sir!	1
make good room .	1
honest, my lord!	1
wherefore !	1
go, captain, send my greetings to the danish king.	1
it is a good hand ,  an open one .	1
i will speak lower .	1
watch him carefully ,  because i will have my eyes riveted on his face ,  and ,  after the play ,  we will combine our observations in condemning of his actions .	1
now ,  by the holy mother of our lord ,  the citizens are mum ,  say not a word .	1
he knows i know him well .	1
nay ,  let him alone .	1
my brother is in heaven .	1
i’ll bet you a hundred marks ,  my kate puts her flat on her back .	1
if we do ,  it’ll drive us crazy .	1
believe me ,  sir ,  they butt together well .	1
i hear a tongue, shriller than all the music, cry “caesar.” speak, caesar is turn'd to hear.	1
no ,  gentle romeo ,  we must have you dance .	1
she has light by her continually; ’tis her command .	1
go to ,  then !	1
not a word of me .	1
a maiden never bold; of spirit so still and quiet that her motion blush'd at herself; and she—in spite of nature, of years, of country, credit, everything— to fall in love with what she fear'd to look on!	1
sadness takes away our color .	1
this savors not much of distraction .	1
this same should be the voice of friar john .	1
oh ,  wretched villain !	1
romeo is coming .	1
octavius, then take him to follow thee that did the latest service to my master.	1
take thou that.	1
it is an honor that i never dreamed about.	1
don’t lose any sleep over it .	1
noting this penury, to myself i said, ‘an if a man did need a poison now whose sale is present death in mantua, here lives a caitiff wretch would sell it him.’ o, this same thought did but forerun my need, and this same needy man must sell it me.	1
call him .	1
cassio ,  my lord ?	1
what foolish thief brags about his crimes ?	1
the excuse that thou dost make in this delay is longer than the tale thou dost excuse.	1
he’s praying now .	1
is there anything offensive in it ?	1
three times calpurnia has cried out in her sleep ,   " help ,  oh !	1
let me see.	1
i could be well moved if i were as you .	1
be not lost so poorly in your thoughts .	1
cesario ,  you missed your appointment with me .	1
pray ye ,  sir ?	1
one is too poor ,  too weak for my revenge .	1
when they will not give a dolt to relieve a lame beggar ,  they will lay out ten to see a dead indian .	1
up to the breach ,  you dogs !	1
if caesar please ,  our master will leap to be his friend .	1
shylock ,  there’s thrice thy money offered thee .	1
it’s a common  what ?	1
there are ways to regain the general again.	1
but let me to my fortune and the caskets.	1
i beg you ,  take your fingers from my throat ,  for ,  although i am not impatient and rash ,  i still have something dangerous in me ,  which you should fear .	1
yes ,  my lord .	1
this fake astonishment of yours is just like your other pranks .	1
but if i am myself ,  then i know for sure that your weeping sister is not my wife .	1
your father’s sons would make excellent husbands ,  if only a girl could catch one for herself .	1
good point ,  decius .	1
the mercy that was quick in us but late by your own counsel is suppressed and killed .	1
what’s that noise ?	1
i’m very glad .	1
yes, caesar, but not gone.	1
poison, i see, has been his timeless end.	1
i’ve often given money to people who were unable to pay back their loans to him .	1
come away .	1
he grew into his seat, and had his horse do such wonderful things, as if he had been absorbed into the horse’s body with the brave beast.	1
there is your money that i had to keep .	1
what light breaks through that window ?	1
who’s there ?	1
antonio shall become bound ,  well .	1
the tears have gotten a small victory by that, my face was bad enough before my tears took their revenge.	1
put your hat to its right use .	1
shall we do that ?	1
a man is master of his own freedom: time is his only master ,  and when the right moment comes along ,  he’ll come or go as he pleases .	1
all very upset, with pindarus his slave, on this hill.	1
had you rather caesar were living and die all slaves ,  than that caesar were dead to live all freemen ?	1
thou knowest my daughter's of a pretty age .	1
bring him with triumph home unto his house .	1
this cannot anger him.	1
amen !	1
must i stand and crouch under your testy humor?	1
it’s me, my lord, and your poor servant forever.	1
there are many events in the womb of time which will be delivered.	1
what does this say ?	1
madam, i will.	1
god be wi' you .	1
i’ll go call the watch .	1
twelve year since ,  miranda ,  twelve year since ,  thy father was the duke of milan and a prince of power .	1
who’s sounding that alarm ?	1
what evil and deceitful mirror made me think i could rival hermia’s starry eyes ?	1
you advise me well.	1
oh ,  please let me .	1
o day and night ,  but this is wondrous strange !	1
therefore use thy discretion .	1
as for him ,  i never think about him .	1
good night ,  good brother .	1
anon !	1
to adrian] how lush and how green!	1
orlando doth commend him to you both ,  and to that youth he calls his rosalind he sends this bloody napkin .	1
as wit and fortune will .	1
is it come to this?	1
utter my thoughts ?	1
ay, on the front.	1
the citizens are around ,  and tybalt is dead .	1
she was lying even as she was going down to hell .	1
once more ,  on pain of death ,  all men depart .	1
a man may see how this world goes with no eyes .	1
which any peace - lover can do .	1
be not afraid of greatness .  ”  'twas well writ .	1
my husband ?	1
well ,  it shall be so .	1
and ,  honest company ,  i thank you all ,  that have beheld me give away myself to this most patient ,  sweet and virtuous wife .	1
listen ,  clitus .	1
my barons and relatives ,  from this point forward you are earls ,  the first that scotland ever named to such an honor .	1
the weight of this sad time we must obey .	1
he likes me ,  and i’ve given him good reason to .	1
it is concluded: banquo, thy soul's flight, if it find heaven, must find it out tonight.	1
the very transfers of his lands will scarcely lie in this box, and must the inheritor himself have no more, huh?	1
and here i am ,  going crazy in the middle of the woods because i can’t find my hermia .	1
go, nurse, go with her.	1
go to sleep, and listen to us.	1
we should hold day with the direct opposite ,  if you would walk in absence of the sun .	1
by providence divine .	1
there the grown serpent lies .	1
we fail !	1
we had some food and some fresh water that a noble neapolitan, gonzalo,—who, being then appointed supervisor of this plot,— gave us out of his goodness, with rich garments, linens, stuffs, and other necessities, which have since been very useful: so, of his gentleness, knowing how i loved my books, he supplied me, with volumes from my own library that i prize more than my dukedom.	1
tis a pageant ,  to keep us in false gaze .	1
the sentence i’ve passed down on her is firm and unshakeable .	1
you’ve forgotten the will i told you of.	1
i shall laugh myself to death at this puppy - headed monster .	1
let me go .	1
o heavy day!	1
and do you now put on your best attire ?	1
how came you thus recovered ?	1
good morrow ,  catesby . — you may jest on ,  but ,  by the holy rood ,  i do not like these several councils ,  i .	1
just the weathervane moving .	1
what do you think i should do ?	1
thanks, dear my lord.	1
come on .	1
all the perfumes of arabia will not sweeten this little hand .	1
i have ,  my lord .	1
how then?	1
ho ,  lucilius !	1
press near and second him .	1
the sky shows countless stars .	1
ho !	1
all's one.	1
yes ,  even if i had whole kingdoms to give along with her .	1
nor is he dead ,  for aught that i can tell .	1
patience ,  i say; your mind perhaps may change .	1
who is this fool ?	1
i did .	1
are all the cups and glasses in their places ,  the tablecloths laid out—everything in order ?	1
i’m glad about that .	1
how am i unfaithful ?	1
why ,  you silly man !	1
let rivers flood and fiends howl for food !	1
he got there too late .	1
go home, you idle creatures, go home!	1
god bless your grace with health and happy days .	1
it is true ,  very worthy signior; the duke's in council ,  and your noble self ,  i am sure ,  is sent for .	1
fie, demetrius!	1
give him a statue with his ancestors.	1
where is my love ?	1
where shall we meet in the morning?	1
if thou the next night following enjoy not desdemona ,  take me from this world with treachery and devise engines for my life .	1
cunning .	1
this deed i’ll do before this purpose cool .	1
he’s the only worthy man in italy ,  aside from my dear claudio .	1
my lord, i'll tell my lady you will come.	1
what’s her name ?	1
he needs as many ,  sir ,  as caesar has ,  or needs not us .	1
you take the bill and i’ll take your yardstick .	1
no ?	1
what an idiot i was to think this drunkard was a god and to worship such a stupid fool !	1
sad hours seem long.	1
she well instructs me .	1
you are to blame,—i must be plain with you,— to part so quickly with your wife's first gift, a thing stuck on your finger with oaths, and so nailed with faith to your flesh with faith.	1
no ,  really ,  i don’t .	1
he should ,  for that ,  commit your godfathers .	1
this is the woman ,  but not this the man .	1
you’ll be lord of the island then ,  and i’ll be your servant .	1
that's not the tune.	1
your hand ,  salerio .	1
let me see, let me see; isn’t the page turned down where i left reading?	1
then caesar and he will always be united .	1
this to your majesty; this to the queen.	1
is it a habit of his ?	1
how vilely doth this cynic rhyme !	1
yes ,  and that’s a serious failing .	1
what did you mean by not helping me ?	1
amen ,  with all my heart !	1
feeling the loss like this ,  i can’t help but weep for him forever .	1
a trumpet within .	1
with an eye of green in ’t .	1
farewell ,  great chief .	1
call that servant back .	1
i do beseech you that are of suppler joints ,  follow them swiftly and hinder them from what this ecstasy may now provoke them to .	1
if you have a voice or can make sounds ,  speak to me .	1
is't possible, my lord?	1
oh god ,  i wish the two of them were alive and living in naples ,  as king and queen !	1
read thou this challenge .	1
your friends at pomfret ,  they’re the ones who need a priest .	1
dismiss me ?	1
oh ,  then i see that madmen have no ears .	1
now ,  what kind of entertainment do we have to fill up the long three hours between dinner and bedtime ?	1
faith ,  her privates we .	1
i’m starting to lose my mind .	1
take your penalty .	1
what wilt thou tell her ,  nurse ?	1
damn you ,  don’t mock and sneer at me .	1
i pray you ,  husband ,  be not so disquiet .	1
the courtier's ,  scholar's ,  soldier's ,  eye ,  tongue ,  sword ,  the expectancy and rose of the fair state ,  the glass of fashion and the mould of form ,  the observed of all observers ,  quite ,  quite down !	1
disobedient wretch !	1
away, away, be gone!	1
when this advice i give is free and honest, calculated to his thinking, and, indeed, the way to win the moor again?	1
i’ll hold on to your money and leave you for an hour .	1
my lord?	1
one of you go find the forest ranger .	1
thank you very much .	1
tis no less ,  i tell you ,  for the bawdy hand of the dial is now upon the prick of noon .	1
macbeth !	1
you were best to tell antonio what you hear; yet do not suddenly, for it may grieve him.	1
mistress!	1
let george stanley die after the battle .	1
fie ,  fie !	1
kind souls, what weep you when you but behold our caesar's vesture wounded?	1
i won’t be hit ,  my lord .	1
what did you say ?	1
when these omens all happen at the same time ,  don’t let men say  " these things have their reasons; they’re natural ,  "  for i believe they’re warning signs that predict the climate that they point to .	1
now the situation .	1
why ,  what an ass am i !	1
wait, you incomplete speakers, tell me more.	1
my lord, it shall be done.	1
tis now struck twelve .	1
after midnight ,  for two nights running ,  these two guards ,  marcellus and barnardo ,  saw a figure that looked very much like your father ,  in full armor from head to toe .	1
and must she die for this ?	1
see that you are direct with him .	1
your hand, salerio.	1
no ,  indeed ,  are they not .	1
how low am i ,  thou painted maypole ?	1
you do advance your cunning more and more .	1
help !	1
shall ’t be tonight at supper ?	1
i’m not cinna the conspirator .	1
then immediately call the rest of the watch together and thank god that you’ve gotten rid of such a criminal .	1
she in th’ habiliments of the goddess isis that day appeared ,  and oft before gave audience ,  as ’tis reported ,  so .	1
he hath, my lord, of late made many tenders of his affection to me.	1
i look down towards his feet; but that's a fable .	1
no, faith, my lord.	1
verona's summer hath not such a flower .	1
but who comes here?	1
tell me ,  othello .	1
if thou wilt needs damn thyself, do it a more delicate way than drowning.	1
oh ,  your contemptible lady !	1
hail !	1
marry ,  here’s grace and a codpiece—that’s a wise man and a fool .	1
where the bee sucks ,  there suck i: in a cowslip's bell i lie; there i couch when owls do cry .	1
i think it looks like an invitation to excitement .	1
oh my ,  oh my !	1
well ,  we were born to die .	1
what, is the fellow mad?	1
are not these woods more free from peril than the envious court ?	1
poor poisonous fool ,  be angry and bite .	1
there you are lucky too.	1
would you would bear your fortune like a man !	1
have a nice day !	1
to one of your receiving enough is shown .	1
why then ,  thou hast it .	1
it’s better to act virtuously rather than vengefully .	1
commend me to thy mistress .	1
so do i ,  my lord .	1
it is written that the shoemaker should meddle with his measuring tape and the tailor with his shoe form ,  the fisher with his pencil ,  and the painter with his nets; but i am sent to find the people whose names are written here ,  and i cannot read what names the writing person has written here .	1
save his majesty!	1
i tell you true .	1
what will you give us ?	1
god bless you ,  sir .	1
what’s going on ,  horatio ?	1
are you a man?	1
the young rooster .	1
hear me ,  you wrangling pirates ,  that fall out in sharing that which you have pilled from me !	1
let her alone .	1
here’s the indictment of the good lord hastings ,  which has been written out in a clear hand ,  like any legal document ,  so it can be read aloud in public outside st .  paul’s cathedral .	1
the more pity that fools may not speak wisely what wise men do foolishly .	1
what should we do ?	1
it is some meteor that the sun exhales to be to thee this night a torchbearer ,  and light thee on thy way to mantua .	1
ha ,  they pluck out mine eyes !	1
do they grow rusty ?	1
is ’t possible you will away tonight ?	1
he that shall see this day ,  and live old age ,  will yearly on the vigil feast his neighbors and say ,   “ tomorrow is saint crispian .  ”  then will he strip his sleeve and show his scars ,  and say ,   “ these wounds i had on crispin’s day .  ”	1
aroint thee ,  witch !  ”  the rump - fed ronyon cries .	1
an it shall please you to break up this ,  it shall seem to signify .	1
no, none that thou hast wit enough to make.	1
the charm's wound up .	1
i’d kiss you before i spoke .	1
i have a favor to ask .	1
tear him to pieces .	1
he look should look that way with so many strange things to say.	1
it’s a pity that fools aren’t allowed to speak wisely about the foolish things that wise men do .	1
now ,  tybalt ,  take the ‘villain’ back again that late thou gavest me; for mercutio's soul is but a little way above our heads ,  staying for thine to keep him company .	1
be gone !	1
yes ,  my own fortune in my misery .	1
leave all the rest to me .	1
faith ,  that he did ,  i don’t know what he did .	1
yours evermore, most dear lady, while this brain is in him, hamlet.	1
this ring ,  good sir—alas ,  it is a trifle .	1
look what a wardrobe here is for thee!	1
a wandering knight?	1
but he that filches from me my good name robs me of that which not enriches him and makes me poor indeed .	1
o heavens!	1
where have you hid yourself ?	1
i think so too.	1
eyes, look your last!	1
travelers have never told lies ,  no matter what the fools at home accuse them of .	1
for ,  look you ,  how cheerfully my mother looks ,  and my father died within these two hours .	1
don’t find any, conspiracy; hide it in smiles and friendliness, because, if you pass, your real face on, not even the dark place between heaven and hell itself is dim enough to hide you from being stopped.	1
oh ,  sirs ,  if i stirred your hearts and minds to mutiny and rage ,  i would offend brutus and cassius ,  who ,  you all know ,  are honorable men .	1
o ,  remember ,  god ,  to hear her prayer for them ,  as now for us !	1
no more.	1
come ,  sit down ,  every mother's son ,  and rehearse your parts .	1
hear it not ,  duncan ,  for it is a knell that summons thee to heaven or to hell .	1
my back o’ t’ other side,—ah, my back, my back!	1
what didst not like?	1
it would please him very much if you would rely on his wealth and success to support you .	1
by my brotherhood ,  the letter was not nice ,  but full of charge ,  of dear import; and the neglecting it may do much danger .	1
did i not bid thee meet me in the park and bring along these rascal knaves with thee ?	1
tis noble spoken .	1
please ,  remain seated .	1
draw thy sword—one stroke shall free thee from the tribute which thou payest, and i the king shall love thee.	1
they plan to spend the night in sardis .	1
sweet, sweet, sweet nurse, tell me, what does my love say?	1
wherefore did you so?	1
aside.	1
well ,  do you so: let not me take him then ,  for if i do ,  i'll mar the young clerk's pen .	1
well; then i shall see you again?	1
damn it, sir, to bid my old master, the jew, to come to supper tonight with my new master, the christian.	1
give it up and go drink .	1
i  let’s not break the law by starting a fight .	1
me too .	1
i will not confess it to you nor to anyone else ,  because there was no one else to witness her speech .	1
she might lie by an emperor's side ,  and command him tasks .	1
why ,  then he’ll say we stabbed him sleeping .	1
mistress!	1
monster ,  your fairy ,  which you say is a harmless fairy ,  has done little better than played the jack with us .	1
beware the ides of march.	1
this is the silliest stuff that ever i heard .	1
on him ,  on him !	1
his name’s cinna .	1
and then to escape drowning three times, and to be in fear for my life with the edge of a feather bed; here are simple escapes.	1
i have ’t in my nose too .	1
nor i neither by this heavenly light; i might do it as well in the dark.	1
what i have done that might deeply hurt your nature, honor, and complaints, i here proclaim was craziness.	1
i hope to god it’s something political ,  like you think ,  and not jealousy involving you .	1
but i still believe that his madness was caused by unrequited love . —hello ,  ophelia .	1
and whatever we do ,  we can lay all the blame on the drunken servants .	1
you’ve offered an excellent interpretation .	1
here’s an empty seat ,  sir .	1
but wherefore ,  villain ,  didst thou kill my cousin ?	1
i am sped.	1
beshrew your heart for sending me about to catch my death with jaunting up and down!	1
oh ,  cassio ,  cassio ,  cassio !	1
do you mark that ?	1
please ,  be cheerful .	1
but ’tis a spirit .	1
had i as many eyes as thou hast wounds, weeping as fast as they stream forth thy blood, it would become me better than to close in terms of friendship with thine enemies.	1
though our lives — your spirits shine through you.	1
well ,  we shall sift him . —welcome ,  my good friends !	1
at mine unworthiness that dare not offer what i desire to give ,  and much less take what i shall die to want .	1
wise and graceful as the earth is wonderful and divine .	1
then tell what you know about all of this.	1
and then ,  sir ,  does he this ,  he does— what was i about to say ?	1
fire and brimstone !	1
they are, my lord.	1
let me go, sir, or i'll knock you over the head.	1
nay ,  that would be as great a soil in the new gloss of your marriage as to show a child his new coat and forbid him to wear it .	1
you’re trying to trick me ,  my lord .	1
both your majesties might, by the sovereign power you have of us, put your dread pleasures more into command than to entreaty.	1
go ,  philostrate ,  stir up the athenian youth to merriments; awake the pert and nimble spirit of mirth; turn melancholy forth to funerals; the pale companion is not for our pomp .	1
in its tail .	1
well ,  sir .	1
do that .	1
behold the threaden sails ,  borne with th' invisible and creeping wind ,  draw the huge bottoms through the furrowed sea ,  breasting the lofty surge .	1
stir not until the signal .	1
i’ve had news that my nell died of the pox in a hospice .	1
yeah ,  so ?	1
a man who can tell the future is telling you to beware march 15.	1
a goodly one ,  in which there are many confines ,  wards ,  and dungeons ,  denmark being one o' th' worst .	1
she creeps along .	1
striving to better ,  oft we mar what’s well .	1
what is ,  my lord ?	1
by his cockle hat and staff and his sandal shoon.	1
her name is katherina minola ,  renowned in padua for her scolding tongue .	1
just a minute ago i heard you say you didn’t like it when cassio left my wife .	1
you come most carefully upon your hour.	1
what if i am ?	1
even so great men should endure great losses .	1
most mighty duke ,  vouchsafe me speak a word .	1
think about our situation ,  then die .	1
come on then, let's go to bed.	1
gentlemen ,  forward to the bridal dinner .	1
you would be ,  sweet madam ,  if your miseries were as abundant as your good fortunes are; and yet ,  for all i see ,  they that are sick from over - eating are as sick as those that starve with nothing .	1
upon what cause ?	1
blow me about in winds !	1
you hear nothing ?	1
thou art a strange fellow .	1
seyton—i am sick at heart, when i behold—seyton, i say!—this push will cheer me ever or disseat me now.	1
there is a fair behavior in thee ,  captain ,  and though that nature with a beauteous wall doth oft close in pollution ,  yet of thee i will believe thou hast a mind that suits with this thy fair and outward character .	1
then let’s say you are sad because you are not happy; and it’s easy to say that because you laugh and leap and say you are happy ,  because you are not sad .	1
did not you speak ?	1
no ,  sir ,  ’tis in grain; noah’s flood could not do it .	1
come along ,  though .	1
thus die i, thus, thus, thus.	1
if she be in her chamber or your house ,  let loose on me the justice of the state for thus deluding you .	1
true ,  worthy banquo !	1
quarrel ,  sir ?	1
more of this hereafter .	1
just like the rabbit ,  who lives where she is born .	1
i see him revive himself to praise my noble act .	1
peace !	1
leave me quickly .	1
then you'll buy them to sell again.	1
will you let me ?	1
he had the front visor of his helmet up.	1
i pull in resolution and begin to doubt the equivocation of the fiend that lies like truth.	1
the vapors, whizzing in the air give off so much light that i can read by them.— "brutus, you sleep.	1
how comes it ?	1
i thank you .	1
this is the place .	1
other than richard ,  even those whom we fight against would rather we won .	1
so good night to everyone .	1
i sent you a letter while you were carousing in alexandria .	1
i prithee, boy, run to the senate-house; stay not to answer me, but get thee gone.	1
except that there's more work.	1
of nothing .	1
i think he told me paris was going to marry juliet .	1
she speaks ,  yet she says nothing .	1
you shall not seal to such a bond for me !	1
what worse place can i beg in your love ,  and still keep my self - respect — than to be used as you would use your dog ?	1
i will have nothing else but only this; and now ,  methinks ,  i have a mind to it .	1
here is a place reserved, sir.	1
fairy king, attend and mark; i do hear the morning lark.	1
i’ve been so tortured since i lost track of you !	1
for all the rest, they'll take suggestion as a cat laps milk; they'll tell the clock to any business that we say befits the hour.	1
why wouldst thou be a breeder of sinners ?	1
i’ll have nothing to do with you .	1
with all my heart.	1
is that anything to think about now ?	1
now we can shout ,   “ congratulations ,  congratulations ,  my lord and lady !  ”  my lord bassanio ,  and my dear lady ,  i wish you all the joy i can wish for .	1
oh ,  my lord ,  wisdom and blood combating in so tender a body ,  we have ten proofs to one that blood hath the victory .	1
no news of them ?	1
i’m ashamed that i yielded to them .	1
two of them have the very bent of honor ,  and if their wisdoms be misled in this ,  the practice of it lives in john the bastard ,  whose spirits toil in frame of villainies .	1
here i am .	1
i say ,  to buy his good will ,  i extend this friendship; if he will take it ,  okay; if not ,  goodbye; and ,  for my friendship ,  please don’t insult me .	1
what may she not ?	1
or is your gold and silver ewes and rams ?	1
the object poisons sight; let it be hid .	1
now i’ll tell you so you don’t have to ask .	1
if so ,  you’d be buying them to sell again .	1
widow dido,” you said?	1
come ,  shall we go ?	1
my lord ,  i’ll hit him now .	1
watch with what violence she first loved the moor, but with his bragging, and telling her fantastic lies.	1
but who was this ?	1
let’s not leave him out .	1
your commission’s ready .	1
what ,  look you pale ?	1
here’s some more news coming in .	1
these vows are just traps for stupid birds .	1
shut the doors on him, that he may play the fool nowhere else but in his own house.	1
so in the world .	1
what ,  shall i groan and tell thee ?	1
this is practice ,  gloucester .	1
am i like such a fellow ?	1
why would you be so foolish as to beat the moody duke’s favorite champion ?	1
is that the naked fellow ?	1
wait ,  here’s a coin for you .	1
it’s coming toward me .	1
come on .	1
by jeshu ,  i am your majesty’s countryman ,  i care not who know it .	1
ninus' tomb ,  ”  man .	1
who is she?	1
all may be well.	1
this hill is far enough .	1
i beg you ,  leave me alone .	1
oh dainty duck !	1
never was seen so black a day as this .	1
that which i gave you .	1
i’m here ,  i’ve been destroyed by villains !	1
why ,  he drinks your dane dead drunk easily; he doesn’t even sweat to defeat your german; he makes your hollander vomit before the next round can be poured .	1
did i not ,  fellow ?	1
they’re certainly a peaceful couple !	1
do you love me?	1
their senses thus weakened ,  lost within their strong fears ,  made senseless things begin to do them wrong ,  because briers and thorns catch their clothes ,  some sleeves ,  some hats .	1
do that ,  and i’ll set you free in two days .	1
let us take the law of our sides; let them begin.	1
it is myself ,  i mean ,  in whom i know all the particulars of vice are so grafted that ,  when they shall be opened ,  black macbeth will seem as pure as snow ,  and the poor state will respect him as a lamb ,  being compared with my unlimited evils .	1
i beg your gentle pardon; these bloody accidents must excuse my manners, that so neglected you.	1
you sleep, and i will hold you in my arms.	1
i would give you some violets ,  but they with -  er'd all when my father died .	1
god pardon sin !	1
your life has had honor in it .	1
what ,  are you going to mock me to my face when i told you not to ?	1
as i intend to prosper and repent ,  so thrive i in my dangerous affairs of hostile arms !	1
grant their law - abiding request !	1
i’ll be thrilled .	1
the great fight of the sea and skies separated our fellowship .	1
with what addition ?	1
why ,  jessica !	1
he would be crowned .	1
it hath made me mad .	1
poor bankrout, break at once!	1
no ,  caesar doesn’t have it; but you ,  and i ,  and honest casca ,  we have epilepsy .	1
i don’t know what to say .	1
your rye - straw hats put on ,  and these fresh nymphs encounter every one in country footing .	1
i wish your ladyship all my heart's content.	1
signior baptista ,  my business asketh haste ,  and every day i cannot come to woo .	1
who is that calls so coldly ?	1
oh ,  he’s a lovely gentleman !	1
an if he be not fought withal ,  my lord ,  let us not live in france .	1
and this is why your servants hang their heads in sorrow !	1
he couldn’t eat without me talking about it .	1
bassanio told him he’d try to hurry back .	1
he shall do this; or else i do recant the pardon that i late pronounced here .	1
now grit your teeth and let your nostrils flare .	1
no you haven’t ,  cousin .	1
be rul'd by me: forget to think of her .	1
the children live whose fathers thou hast slaughtered ,  ungoverned youth ,  to wail it in their age; the parents live whose children thou hast butchered ,  old barren plants ,  to wail it with their age .	1
when caesar lived ,  he durst not thus have moved me .	1
look ,  my little spirit is sitting in a foggy cloud waiting for me .	1
mine shall be spent ,  when theirs are dry ,  for romeo's banishment .	1
when was the last time you saw my father ?	1
let’s talk .	1
let go thy hold when a great wheel runs down a hill ,  lest it break thy neck with following it .	1
look with what courteous action it waves you to a more removed ground .	1
she is persuaded i will marry her ,  out of her own love and flattery ,  not out of my promise .	1
i talked with no man at that hour ,  my lord .	1
give me your hand .	1
there they launched us, to cry to the sea that roared at us, to sigh to the winds, whose pity, sighing back again, only did us loving wrong.	1
i’ll play this bout first ,  put it aside a while .	1
with all my heart i’ll gossip at this feast .	1
spend this for me .	1
ok. what’s the bet?	1
his speech was like a tangled chain; nothing impaired ,  but all disordered .	1
tis marvel ,  but that you are but newly come ,  you might have heard it else proclaimed about .	1
brave titinius !	1
o ,  did he ?	1
i beg you, tell me, then, that he is well.	1
so please your grace, the prologue is next.	1
i have as much of this in art as you ,  but yet my nature could not bear it so .	1
masters ,  let him go .	1
therein the patient must minister to himself .	1
one of them shows that the death of cassio was to be undertaken by roderigo.	1
yes ,  i do ,  lady .	1
and do you now strew flowers in his way that comes in triumph over pompey's blood ?	1
yet i insisted; yet you answered not ,  but with an angry wafture of your hand gave sign for me to leave you .	1
this damned witch sycorax ,  for mischiefs manifold and sorceries terrible to enter human hearing ,  from algiers thou know'st was banished—for one thing she did they would not take her life .	1
what were these ?	1
and now, laertes, what's the news with you?	1
yes ,  i know her age down to the hour .	1
so do i, his.	1
i never got him . — hark ,  the duke’s trumpets .	1
would he were here !	1
excuse me .	1
well ,  he keeps the devil away as well as a man can in his situation .	1
thou seest we are not all alone unhappy .	1
you know sometimes he walks four hours together here in the lobby .	1
there isn’t a single drop of sincerity in him that could be touched with love .	1
madam ,  with all my heart ,  i shall obey you in all fair commands .	1
parting is such sweet sorrow that i’ll say good night until tonight becomes tomorrow .	1
my way of life is fall'n into the sear, the yellow leaf, and that which should accompany old age, as honor, love, obedience, troops of friends, i must not look to have; but, in their stead, curses, not loud but deep, mouth-honor, breath, which the poor heart would fain deny and dare not.	1
a poured a flagon of rhenish on my head once .	1
lorenzo ,  i commit into your hands the husbandry and manage of my house until my lord’s return .	1
will you, i beg you, demand that demi-devil to tell why he has trapped my soul and body like this?	1
very bad luck !	1
let it be so.	1
my good friends ,  listen !	1
he and lepidus are at caesar’s house .	1
ay, and for that thou diest.	1
save thee ,  friend ,  and thy music .	1
pray you ,  if it be ,  give it me ,  for i am slow of study .	1
what ,  in your own part ,  can you say to this ?	1
and indeed he did so .	1
madam ,  good night .	1
read it .	1
what ,  ho !	1
in thunder ,  lightning ,  or in rain ?	1
i assure you ,  sir ,  it’s true .	1
o ,  they are our friends ,  only one cup .	1
come ,  we’ll to sleep .	1
i now give my opinion: hold it no longer; this is no fish, but an islander, that has lately been struck by lightning.	1
well ,  honor is the subject of my story .	1
go on; directly.	1
jacob didn’t have any control over what happened .	1
sit between us .	1
go in ,  nerissa: give orders to my servants that they take no notice at all of our being absent from here; nor you ,  lorenzo; jessica ,  nor you .	1
seven days and nights ?	1
you shall close prisoner rest ,  till that the nature of your fault be known to the venetian state .	1
bloody ,  inhuman villain !	1
i won’t do them wrong; i would rather choose to wrong the dead, to wrong myself, and you, before i’ll wrong such honorable men.	1
have you heard this ,  cassio ?	1
meet me later at the fortress .	1
but thou with mildness entertain’st thy wooers ,  with gentle conference ,  soft and affable .	1
nay ,  he's a flower ,  in faith—a very flower .	1
shame on you; i’ve already run out of patience with you all .	1
i am their aunt ,  and i love them like a mother .	1
yes, very well, my lord.	1
we all stand up against the spirit of caesar ,  and in the spirit of men there is no blood .	1
follow me in this joke now until you have worn out your shoe; that ,  when the single sole of it is worn ,  the joke may remain ,  after the wearing ,  sole singular .	1
they stared ,  and were distracted .	1
mother, for love of grace, lay not that flattering unction to your soul that not your trespass but my madness speaks.	1
therefore the dukes of berri ,  bretagne ,  brabant ,  and orléans shall advance ,  and you ,  prince dauphin ,  will swiftly entrench and fortify our fortress towns with men of courage and the means to defend themselves .	1
antonio ,  o my dear antonio !	1
are all the rest returning ?	1
fare you well .	1
my life were better ended by their hate than death postponed ,  wanting your love .	1
if my eyes don’t deceive me ,  you are my daughter .	1
ay, ay, the cords.	1
but yet the pity of it ,  iago !	1
why did you bring these daggers from the place?	1
it is a villain, sir, that i don’t like to look at.	1
thou ,  wretched boy ,  that didst consort him here shalt with him hence .	1
he’s the color of nutmeg .	1
tis most true; and he beseech'd me to entreat your majesties to hear and see the matter.	1
it is written that the shoemaker should meddle with his yard and the tailor with his last ,  the fisher with his pencil ,  and the painter with his nets; but i am sent to find those persons whose names are here writ ,  and can never find what names the writing person hath here writ .	1
come ,  husband ,  let’s go to lunch .	1
but have you touched the athenian's eyes with the love - juice yet ,  as i told you to ?	1
and hippolyta.	1
i'll go to him; he is hidden at lawrence' cell.	1
go, tubal, fee me an officer, bespeak him a fortnight before: i will have the heart of him, if he forfeit; forwere he out of venice, i can make what merchandise i will.	1
now go to the door, and stay there until we call.	1
if i tremble then ,  you can call me a little girl .	1
i’ll put her on that .	1
good morning, gentlemen.	1
let the dying fire shine a glimmering light throughout the house .	1
why don’t you go away for a bit ?	1
sir, this report of his did hamlet so envenom with his envy that he could nothing do but wish and beg your sudden coming o'er to play with you.	1
i am one ,  sir ,  that comes to tell you your daughter and the moor are now making the beast with two backs .	1
censure me in your wisdom, and awake your senses, that you may the better judge.	1
will you be patient ?	1
please ,  don’t take it badly ,  but i cannot and will not give in to you .	1
what's hecuba to him, or he to hecuba, that he should weep for her?	1
get me some ink ,  paper ,  and a candle .	1
then i’d be punished for the sins of my mother .	1
it is very sultry—as ’twere—i cannot tell how .	1
you horrid slave ,  you can’t be trained to be good ,  and you’re capable of anything evil !	1
farewell .	1
are there no stones in heaven to serve as thunder?	1
men ,  wives ,  and children stare ,  cry out ,  and run in the streets as though it were doomsday .	1
these fellows have some soul ,	1
but you are no such man .	1
doctor, the barons desert me.	1
no ,  'tis not so deep as a well ,  nor so wide as a church door; but 'tis enough ,  'twill serve .	1
if you are so fickle ,  what do you want with a guy who is known for his faith ?	1
it is very proper the lord bassanio live an upright life, because, having such a blessing in his lady, he finds the joys of heaven here on earth; and if he doesn’t merit it on earth, it stands to reason he should never enter heaven.	1
let it work; for 'tis the sport to have the enginer hoist with his own petar; and ' shall go hard but i will delve one yard below their mines and blow them at the moon.	1
dull thing, i say so: he, that caliban whom now i keep in service.	1
no ,  in its tongue .	1
tis certain .	1
it is well.	1
ah ,  sirrah ,  a body would think this was well - counterfeited .	1
no more .	1
o, pardon me; ‘twill do me good to walk.	1
an you love me ,  let’s do ’t .	1
i wish i were sleep and peace ,  so i could spend the night with you .	1
see these letters are delivered ,  get the servants’ clothes made ,  and ask gratiano to come now to my house .	1
and yet i would have made her happy had our luck not been so bad .	1
these are a man’s words ,  and his handwriting .	1
but then i saw no harm ,  and then i heard each syllable that breath made up between them .	1
i mean please go into the house ,  sir .	1
i will mourn hero tonight .	1
you’ll have coursers for cousins and gennets for germans .	1
but the great one that goes up the hill ,  let him draw thee after .	1
what foul play had we that we came from thence?	1
i speak in understanding .	1
sister, where were you?	1
what an eye she has !	1
the french is gone off ,  look you ,  and there is gallant and most prave passages .	1
those that call you hobgoblin, and sweet puck, you do their work, and they shall have good luck.	1
cassius ,  stand firm .	1
it would make him curse the heavens and be damned to hell .	1
i thank you sir ,  you have gotten me one .	1
nay ,  it is .	1
on him i lay what you would lay on me ,  the right and fortune of his happy stars ,  which god defend that i should wring from him .	1
on top of this ,  they’ve either burned or carried away everything that was in the king’s tent .	1
if they’ll do neither ,  we’ll come to them and make them fly like stones shot from powerful slings .	1
there’s a bargain made .	1
i should be wise; for honesty's a fool ,  and loses that it works for .	1
i speak not like a dotard nor a fool ,  as under privilege of age to brag what i have done being young ,  or what would do were i not old .	1
first, good peter quince, say what the play treats on; then read the names of the actors; and so grow to a point.	1
didn’t he come home last night ?	1
clubs ,  bills ,  and partisans !	1
you must be over there .	1
i think i do.	1
i saw the handkerchief .	1
you’ve served me faithfully .	1
you are in the right .	1
oh my !	1
why does the drum come hither?	1
what do i find here ?	1
yes ,  my conscience ,  he did us great good .	1
words before blows .	1
to escape the decree condemning me	1
sir, in algeria.	1
thanks to your highness .	1
to stephano] lo ,  how he mocks me !	1
this is the silliest stuff that ever i heard.	1
horatio ,  when thou shalt have overlook'd this ,  give these fellows some means to the king .	1
since this fortune falls to you ,  be content and seek no other new one .	1
what ,  are you hurt ,  lieutenant ?	1
i do forget .	1
old fashions please me best .	1
that’s my fear .	1
but saying o'er what i have said before .	1
what mean’st thou by that ?	1
i’ll follow the priest and go with you; and after i’ve sworn to be faithful ,  i’ll be faithful forever .	1
peace, i have done.	1
the air bites shrewdly; it is very cold.	1
i lay with cassio lately and ,  being troubled with a raging tooth ,  i could not sleep .	1
if thou dost ,  i shall never love thee after .	1
they bleed on both sides .	1
out ,  out ,  brief candle !	1
curse your heart for sending me out to catch my death with prancing up and down !	1
a worthy fool !	1
strike not by land; keep whole .	1
i be your mercy .	1
alas, alas!	1
i don’t know how .	1
it harrows me with fear and wonder .	1
murder most foul, as even at best it is still murder, but this murder is the most foul, strange, and unnatural.	1
o rejoice beyond a common joy !	1
come on, trinculo, let us sing.	1
fare - you - well !	1
no ,  by no means .	1
you weren’t given any gold ?	1
i dare abide no longer .	1
sweets to the sweet .	1
madam ,  we have to go: the prince ,  the count ,  signior benedick ,  don john ,  and all the gentlemen of the town have come to bring you to church .	1
let me be clear of thee .	1
i’ll help you ,  sir toby .	1
meet we the medicine of the sickly weal ,  and with him pour we ,  in our country's purge ,  each drop of us .	1
but hear you: methought you said ,  you neither lend nor borrow ,  upon advantage .	1
speak the speech ,  i pray you ,  as i pronounced it to you ,  trippingly on the tongue .	1
grieve not that i am fallen to this for you; for herein fortune shows herself more kind than is her custom: it is still her use, to let the wretched man out-live his wealth, to view with hollow eye, and wrinkled brow, an age of poverty; from which lingering penance of such misery doth she cut me off.	1
villain ,  be sure you prove my love a whore; be sure of it .	1
but ,  like the owner of a foul disease ,  to keep it from divulging ,  let it feed even on the pith of life .	1
o, where, my lord?	1
virtue itself turns vice ,  being misapplied ,  and vice sometime's by action dignified .	1
she wants to have a word with you in her bedroom before you go to bed .	1
purpose is but the slave to memory, of violent birth, but poor validity; which now, like fruit unripe, sticks on the tree, but fall unshaken when they mellow be.	1
what’s happening now ,  lucillius ?	1
we will take the next advantage thoroughly .	1
strike !	1
don’t trust rotten planks .	1
and stay ,  good nurse ,  behind the abbey wall .	1
the moment they planned to act is almost here .	1
o fool!	1
what do you call the play?	1
those that are in extremity of either are abominable fellows and betray themselves to every modern censure worse than drunkards .	1
so could i too .	1
signior ,  it is the moor .	1
a bloody deed.	1
i beg you ,  don’t let me down .	1
if it were done when ’tis done ,  then ’twere well it were done quickly .	1
if he doesn’t like it ,  he can go live with my sister .	1
who is the man who can explain this to me?	1
imperious caesar, dead and turn'd to clay, might stop a hole to keep the wind away.	1
hath it slept since ?	1
i’ll buckler thee against a million .	1
the people in the street cry ‘romeo,’ some ‘juliet,’ and some ‘paris’; and all run, with open outcry, toward our monument.	1
hang him ,  jack !	1
and what hope is that ,  i pray thee ?	1
there’s other business for thee .	1
one criminal punishes another .	1
my reputation ,  iago ,  my reputation !	1
how else is it the man in the moon ?	1
peradventure, to make it the more gracious, i shall sing it at her death.	1
in places i go to ,  great clerks have purposed to greet me with prepared welcomes; i have seen them shiver and look pale ,  make full stops in the middle of sentences ,  mess up their practiced speeches in their fears ,  and ,  in conclusion ,  stop all together ,  dumbstruck ,  not paying me a welcome .	1
that will be ere the set of sun .	1
caesar and lepidus have made wars upon pompey .	1
we are yet but young in deed .	1
look ,  here he comes .	1
send for the man and ask him.	1
what’s going on ,  borachio ?	1
and though you know my inwardness and love is very much unto the prince and claudio ,  yet ,  by mine honor ,  i will deal in this as secretly and justly as your soul should with your body .	1
lo!	1
malcolm and donalbain ,  the king’s two sons ,  have run away and fled ,  which makes them the prime suspects .	1
well, we shall sift him.	1
ratcliffe ,  my lord ,  ’tis i .	1
get yourself to a church and have a proper priest ,  who can tell you what marriage is all about ,  marry you .	1
wash your hands, put on your nightgown; look not so pale.	1
i won’t speak to her .	1
where be his quiddities now ,  his quillets ,  his cases ,  his tenures ,  and his tricks ?	1
he wasn’t sad ,  because he knows that his disposition affects others .	1
i’ll make so bold to call ,  for ’tis my limited service .	1
thou canst tell why one’s nose stands i' th' middle on ’s face ?	1
her mood will needs be pitied.	1
my husband!	1
don’t say that, lysander, don’t say that.	1
that he hath a neighbourly charity in him; for he borrowed a box of the ear of the englishman, and swore he would pay him again when he was able: i think the frenchman became his surety, and sealed under for another.	1
the crowd that follows caesar at his heels—senators ,  justices ,  common petitioners—will suffocate a feeble man almost to death .	1
by heaven, i would rather have been his hangman.	1
defend thee !	1
what you have spoke ,  it may be so perchance .	1
please ,  sir ,  restrain yourself .	1
see for the news.	1
and it’s definitely better to cry because you’re happy than laugh because you’re sad !	1
where is this rash and most unfortunate man ?	1
who knocks so hard?	1
but let me conjure you by the rights of our fellowship, by the consonancy of our youth, by the obligation of our ever-preserved love, and by what more dear a better proposer could charge you withal, be even and direct with me, whether you were sent for or no.	1
i will do anything, nerissa, before i’ll be married to a sponge.	1
the business you began here needs you as well—especially the business with cleopatra ,  which only you can attend to .	1
marry ,  now i can tell !	1
fare you well .	1
get you to bed ,  faith .	1
the wonder is he hath endured so long .	1
o night with hue so black!	1
it’s a big deal to you .	1
who are you ?	1
when you have spoken your speech ,  enter into that brake . —and so everyone according to his cue .	1
well ,  i will thither .	1
the same liquor that quenched their thirst has fired me up .	1
come ,  is the bride ready to go to church ?	1
but i am constant as the northern star ,  of whose true - fixed and resting quality there is no fellow in the firmament .	1
tis good .	1
i’m not angry that you’re my friend; as for what you’re persuading me to do ,  i have some plans .	1
i agreed and often i cheated her of her tears, when i spoke of some distressful event i had suffered in my youth.	1
well, wednesday is too soon, make it thursday.	1
do you know me, father?	1
get into your cold beds and warm yourselves up .	1
but what praise couldst thou bestow on a deserving woman indeed ,  one that in the authority of her merit did justly put on the vouch of very malice itself ?	1
good my lord ,  enter .	1
it has caused the downfall of many kings .	1
i’m watching the play .	1
or thorn - bushes .	1
for i am sure mine nails are stronger than mine eyes .	1
come ,  desdemona ,  once more happily brought to cyprus .	1
we have kissed away kingdoms and provinces .	1
o ,  she tore the letter into a thousand halfpence ,  railed at herself that she should be so immodest to write to one that she knew would flout her .	1
not the one i gave you ,  i hope .	1
it will be rain tonight.	1
or shall i think in silver she's immur'd, being ten times undervalued to tried gold?	1
dost thou not suspect my place ?	1
will you dispatch us here under this tree ,  or shall we go with you to your chapel ?	1
ha !	1
if i can get him to drink only one cup, with the one he’s already drunk tonight, he'll be as full of fighting and insults as my young mistress' dog.	1
but fire also gives off light ,  and fire will burn you .	1
swear by this bottle how you came here—i escaped on a barrel of wine, which the sailors heaved overboard, by this bottle!	1
that ever holds: who riseth from a feast with that keen appetite that he sits down ?	1
her length of sickness ,  with what else more serious importeth thee to know ,  this bears .	1
if more ,  the more thou’st wronged me .	1
you’ll see that caesar is giving you no reason to do so .	1
imagination !	1
my good lords both ,  with all the heed i can .	1
o plague right well prevented !	1
no ,  by this heavenly light !	1
he’s thirty years old .	1
yes ,  my lord .	1
i long to hear the story of your life ,  which must take the ear strangely .	1
with sweetest touches pierce your mistress' ear ,  and draw her home with music .	1
in religion, what damned error, but some sober brow will bless it, and approve it with a text, hiding the grossness with fair ornament?	1
the iron tongue of midnight hath told twelve .	1
my villainy they have upon record ,  which i had rather seal with my death than repeat over to my shame .	1
why ,  man ?	1
or, if you will marry, make it a fool, by mary, for wise men know well enough what monsters you make of them.	1
but that you do not love me .	1
what news?	1
i’ll have an action of battery against him if there be any law in illyria .	1
true .	1
how will i recognize you in the future ?	1
why ,  so: being gone ,  i am a man again .	1
what kind of work is this ,  charmian ?	1
caesar ,  'tis strucken eight .	1
is not this true ?	1
what enterprise ,  popillius ?	1
stay, fellow; i can read.	1
what have we here ?	1
but suppose i did all the things you named out of love for her .	1
you good - for - nothing ,  let me in .	1
thanks for telling me .	1
to cry  “ amen ”  to that ,  thus we appear .	1
whose solid virtue the shot of accident nor dart of chance could neither graze nor pierce ?	1
i needs must wake her.	1
this was the noblest roman of them all .	1
is that true ?	1
as you shall prove us to be ,  praise us .	1
what soldiers, whey-face?	1
true and a goose for his secret - keeping .	1
alas, good cassio!	1
go forth ,  my sword; he dies .	1
who's in there ?	1
a constant pain to me !	1
and you are come in very happy time ,  to bear my greeting to the senators and tell them that i will not come today .	1
i thought so then ,  i’ll kill myself for grief .	1
write down that prince john is a villain .	1
i wonder if titania is up yet, and what it was that next came into her sight, which she must love in the extreme.	1
ha ,  ha ,  heard in genoa .	1
oh ,  goodbye !	1
yes ,  very well .	1
my liege ,  this was my glove .	1
as thou art to thyself .	1
and is he a man to encounter tybalt ?	1
show us the way .	1
whenever he talks about her he can’t stop laughing .	1
young gentleman ,  you are too bold for your age .	1
so please you— what says the fellow there ?	1
what ,  of venice ?	1
when i spoke that, i was ill-tempered too.	1
what ,  in the midst of the street ?	1
if thou didst it ,  thou art the nonpareil .	1
nor will you tender less .	1
my husband, then?	1
if i agree to this ,  we may leave unharmed ,  with our shields undented .	1
pluck down benches.	1
nay ,  i’ll conjure too !	1
and joy comes well in such a needy time .	1
oh ,  how i love you !	1
i’ll touch the point of my sword with this poison so that ,  if i touch him slightly ,  it will kill him .	1
shortly shall all my labors end ,  and thou shalt have the air at freedom .	1
i think he thinks upon the savage bull .	1
what happened ,  general ?	1
o romeo, romeo!	1
it is not for your health thus to commit your weak condition to the raw cold morning .	1
hang thee, young baggage!	1
he's having a fit now and doesn’t talk sense .	1
god hold it ,  to your honor’s good content !	1
o, she will sing the savageness out of a bear!	1
no, sir, i do not bite my thumb at you, sir; but i bite my thumb, sir.	1
this broken joint between you and her husband entreat her to splinter; and, my fortunes against any lay worth naming, this crack of your love shall grow stronger than it was before.	1
come ,  sir ,  i will fight you .	1
madam ,  i will .	1
so you’re the only one who could play pyramus .	1
where are my switzers?	1
my lord ,  you loved me once .	1
but here comes antony . —welcome ,  mark antony .	1
o iago ,  the pity of it ,  iago !	1
our land forces have bravely stood firm .	1
put money in thy purse; follow thou the wars; defeat thy favor with an usurped beard .	1
to antonio] for you, most wicked sir, whom to call [to antonio] for you, most wicked sir, whom to call brother would even infect my mouth, i do forgive thy rankest fault, all of them, and require my dukedom of thee, which perforce i know thou must restore.	1
go forward .	1
rapier and dagger .	1
pish!	1
i but believe it partly ,  for i am fresh of spirit and resolved to meet all perils very constantly .	1
but if thou, jealous, dost return to pry in what i further shall intend to do, by heaven, i will tear thee joint by joint and strew this hungry churchyard with thy limbs.	1
god’s bodkin, man, better.	1
therefore thou liest .	1
believe me ,  i am not .	1
the moon shines bright: in such a night as this ,  when the sweet wind gently kissed the trees ,  and they made no noise ,  in such a night ,  troilus i think climbed the walls of troy ,  and sighed his soul toward the grecian tents ,  where cressida lay that night .	1
o ,  what a beast was i to scold him !	1
what a sad sight !	1
for his valor cannot carry his discretion ,  and the fox carries the goose .	1
murder !	1
and smelt so ?	1
if it’s for me ,  don’t keep it from me .	1
this passion, and the death of a dear friend, would go far in making a man look sad.	1
i may command the one i love .  ”  well ,  she commands me .	1
if these are true eyes in my head ,  here's a goodly sight .	1
your husband in your bosom lies dead there, and paris too.	1
is there any natural cause for hardening of the heart ?	1
it was two o'clock when i left him ,  and now it’s one .	1
a beautiful target is the one that gets hit the fastest .	1
call the messenger in .	1
ish a villain and a basterd and a knave and a rascal .	1
then meet me immediately at the notary's; give him directions for confirming this happy promise to pay, and i’ll go and get the dollars right away, check on my house, left in the care of an unlucky rogue, and i’ll be with you soon.	1
i wish i could see this invisible drummer .	1
but better service have i never done you than now to bid you hold .	1
i have already .	1
welcome to the open air again .	1
e'en that.	1
i’m telling you ,  it’s hers .	1
deny to speak with me ?	1
why are you acting so brazen toward my lady ?	1
yes ,  too gentle .	1
beshrew him for ’t !	1
it cannot be .	1
offended us you have not ,  but the king .	1
oh ,  gods ,  make me worthy of this noble wife !	1
the cockerel.	1
we'll hear a play tomorrow.	1
we are friends .	1
he tells me, my sweet queen, he has found the head and source of all your son's unhappiness.	1
my love!	1
speak !	1
let still the woman take an elder than herself .	1
she's the worse for all this.	1
they met so near with their lips that their breaths embraced together .	1
then say at once what is it thou requests .	1
an alone thing ,  as i am now ,  that is amazed to hear you speak of naples .	1
but i'll set down the pegs that make this music, as honest as i am.	1
as i do live ,  my honored lord ,  ’tis true .	1
we will hear caesar’s will .	1
why have you left the chamber ?	1
he bears himself like a portly gentleman; and ,  to say truth ,  verona brags of him to be a virtuous and well - governed youth .	1
what ,  even you ,  brutus ?	1
i hope not ,  madam .	1
nor time nor place did then adhere, and yet you would make both: they have made themselves, and that their fitness now does unmake you.	1
i’m coming ,  don’t worry .	1
think ,  my lord ?	1
devilish macbeth has sought to win me into his power by many of these thoughts ,  and modest wisdom keeps me from over - believing haste .	1
i hear it now overhead .	1
but now ,  my lord ,  what say you to my request ?	1
never ,  till caesar's three and thirty wounds be well avenged ,  or till another caesar have added slaughter to the sword of traitors .	1
go to your rest; at night we'll feast together .	1
cousins ,  i hope the days are near at hand that chambers will be safe .	1
isn’t it strange ?	1
and so swear i .	1
what have you ,  my good friends ,  deserved at the hands of fortune that she sends you to prison hither ?	1
i will run .	1
committed!	1
one ,  gentlewoman ,  that god hath made for himself to mar .	1
shall we go send them food and fresh clothing and feed their starving horses before we fight them ?	1
i have seen the day that i have made my way through more impediments with this little arm and this good sword than you could stop twenty times.	1
i’m smart enough to find the logs myself without bothering peter .	1
o all you host of heaven !	1
if my lips had the power to give life ,  i would wear them out like this .	1
and therefore as a stranger give it welcome.	1
as for his thoughts ,  i wish he’d think about nothing at all rather than think about me all the time .	1
they are sheep and calves which seek out assurance in that .	1
wisdom !	1
a quarrel, hey, already!	1
how?	1
when duncan is asleep ,  which should be soon since he is very tired from his day's hard journey ,  i will go to his two chamberlains with wine and carousing so their memory ,  the guardian of the brain ,  will be a wisp of smoke ,  and the tired brain won’t be able to think clearly .	1
he was not sad ,  for he would shine on those that make their looks by his .	1
had all his hairs been lives ,  my great revenge had stomach for them all .	1
oh ,  will you leave me alone in the dark ?	1
shylock is my name .	1
thus hath the course of justice whirled about and left thee but a very prey to time ,  having no more but thought of what thou wast to torture thee the more ,  being what thou art .	1
i have seen the day that i have made my way through more impediments with this little arm and this good sword than you could stop twenty times .	1
these both put off ,  a poor petitioner ,  a care - crazed mother to a many sons ,  a beauty - waning and distressèd widow ,  even in the afternoon of her best days ,  made prize and purchase of his wanton eye ,  seduced the pitch and height of his degree to base declension and loathed bigamy .	1
that matter is answered directly.	1
provoke him so that he will; because even out of that, i will make these men of cyprus rebel, whose character won’t come back to their original calmness unless cassio is replaced.	1
and i must go to lorenzo and the rest; but we’ll visit you at suppertime.	1
stay ,  countrymen .	1
i know the hand; in faith ,  it’s a beautiful hand ,  and the beautiful hand that wrote it is whiter than the paper it’s written on .	1
there, give it your hobby-horse.	1
i wish they were ,  so that i could die right now ,  because ,  at this point ,  i live a living death .	1
varro and claudio!	1
ay ,  indeed .	1
my lord ,  the roinish clown ,  at whom so oft your grace was wont to laugh ,  is also missing .	1
i don’t feel like going .	1
i'm going to my pull - out bed; this field - bed is too cold for me to sleep in .	1
master ,  some show to welcome us to town .	1
make it eight and eight .	1
demetrius, i will keep my word with thee.	1
please give me that; i'll carry it to the pile.	1
drown yourself ?	1
he is far gone .	1
none in the world; nor do i know the man .	1
i believe you are ,  regan .	1
why ,  then ,  should i cry ?	1
since you’re giving me new assignments ,  let me remind you what you promised me but haven’t come through with yet .	1
i know not ,  menas ,  how lesser enmities may give way to greater .	1
yes ,  and that’s surprising ,  because lovers are usually early .	1
gentlemen ,  you are welcome to elsinore .	1
in this time of the night ?	1
oh no ,  sir ,  i won’t let him go ,  sir ,  not without a good reason .	1
but ,  for your conscience ?	1
you might have come before .	1
his horses go about.	1
to sebastian] why, in good time.	1
art thou so hasty ?	1
care keeps his watch in every old man's eye, and where care lodges sleep will never lie; but where unbruised youth with unstuff'd brain doth couch his limbs, there golden sleep doth reign.	1
may a man do it ?	1
twere best he speak no harm of brutus here.	1
i  isn’t this good ?	1
and he did .	1
what's the matter?	1
are you my wife and will not call me  “ husband ”  ?	1
obey, and go with me, because you must die.	1
was there ever a match put together so quickly ?	1
a cry more tuneable was never holla'd to, nor cheer'd with horn, in crete, in sparta, nor in thessaly.	1
o heavy lightness!	1
goodbye, master; goodbye, goodbye!	1
pray you ,  keep seat .	1
isn’t parchment made of sheep - skins ?	1
i would like to prove to you that i am .	1
you thought because he didn’t speak english like a native he couldn’t handle an english club .	1
the more my prayer ,  the lesser is my grace .	1
with his own lightning bolts; i’ve shaken up the sturdy cliffs and uprooted pines and cedars; i’ve opened up graves and awakened the corpses sleeping in them ,  letting them out with my powerful magic .	1
revenges burn in them, because their dear causes would excite a dead man to the flowing of blood and the grim alarm.	1
quiet for awhile.—robin, take off this head.	1
show it !	1
but when i tell him he hates flatterers ,  he says he does ,  being then most flatterèd .	1
not yet quite dead?	1
villains ,  you didn’t do even that much when your vile daggers struck each other as they hacked up caesar’s sides .	1
there is tears for his love ,  joy for his fortune ,  honor for his valor ,  and death for his ambition .	1
thou wilt not murder me ?	1
accost ,  sir andrew ,  accost .	1
you can hear them all night long .	1
let them be hunted soundly .	1
i have noted it well .	1
good my lord, what is your cause of distemper?	1
shall we check him out ?	1
no, let's come in.	1
go to, carry this.	1
tell me your mind .	1
have with you.	1
be not you ashamed to show ,  he'll not shame to tell you what it means .	1
i had business that made me late .	1
i have made strong proof of my constancy, giving myself a voluntary wound here in the thigh.	1
why ,  you must not speak that yet .	1
many times ,  madam .	1
i believe it completely .	1
how are you, my noble lord?	1
where the place ?	1
wot you what ,  my lord ?	1
making your loss greater makes the person who caused it worse .	1
i'll bring you to him.	1
those that do die of it do seldom or never recover .	1
who am i then ?	1
my brother whom—aside from you—i loved more than anyone else in the world ,  i trusted to run my state ,  which at that time was the strongest in the land ,  and prospero the number one duke ,  famous for my dignity and my education .	1
some wine ,  ho !	1
what kind of question is that !	1
he thanks you on his knees many times and considers himself fortunate to have fallen into the hands of one ,  as he thinks ,  who is the bravest ,  most valorous ,  and thrice - worthy gentleman of england .	1
he insisted on leaving this ring with me whether i wanted it or not .	1
well ,  again .	1
farewell .	1
because their business still lies out o' door .	1
this hebrew will turn christian; he grows kind .	1
and i’ll go to bed at noon .	1
the perdition of th' athversary hath been very great ,  reasonable great .	1
they’ll assume that cicero ,  with his sound judgment ,  ordered the actions .	1
shall we see this wrestling ,  cousin ?	1
right or not ,  it’s made you the earl of gloucester .	1
pray ,  set it down and rest you .	1
only this commendation i can afford her ,  that were she other than she is ,  she were unhandsome ,  and being no other but as she is ,  i do not like her .	1
o thou weed ,  who art so lovely fair and smell'st so sweet that the sense aches at thee ,  would thou hadst ne'er been born !	1
no ,  my lord ,  unless i might have another for working days .	1
you mar all with this starting.	1
is the situation in scotland the same ?	1
go away, and stand over there.	1
i’m dying an innocent woman .	1
the devil damn thee black ,  thou cream - faced loon !	1
leave me with haste .	1
how much unlike art thou to portia !	1
labio and flavio ,  set our battles on .	1
sir ,  have pity; i'll be his guarantee .	1
rebellious subjects, enemies to peace.	1
o, from this time forth, my thoughts be bloody, or be nothing worth!	1
bear him away .	1
for our bad neighbor makes us early stirrers ,  which is both healthful and good husbandry .	1
all will be well .	1
a good sharp fellow .	1
good heart, at what?	1
o blessèd ,  blessèd night !	1
what he hath uttered i have writ my sister .	1
bear thee well in it and leave us alone .	1
i remember, one said there were no mixes in the lines to make the matter spicy, and no matter in the phrase that might accuse the author of putting on airs, but called it an honest effort, as wholesome as it was sweet, and, by very much, more handsome than fine.	1
because ,  you know ,  pyramus and thisbe meet by moonlight .	1
his son was but a ward two years ago.	1
can’t you just hate me, as i know you do, instead of joining together to mock me too?	1
this was an ill beginning of the night.	1
set you down this; and say besides ,  that in aleppo once ,  where a malignant and a turban'd turk beat a venetian and traduced the state ,  i took by the throat the circumcised dog and smote him ,  thus .	1
hail to thee, thane of cawdor!	1
your tongue should be blistered for such a wish!	1
murder !	1
if we do meet again ,  why ,  we’ll smile; if not ,  why ,  then this parting was the right thing to do .	1
i cannot speak enough of this contentment; it stops me here; it is too joyful.	1
what a horrible slut !	1
thou didst prevent me .	1
who ever would have thought it ?	1
that love i begged for you he begged of me .	1
a very fine one .	1
what’s your business ?	1
isn’t that true ?	1
i'll follow you; i'll lead you about a round, through bog, through bush, through brake, through brier; sometime a horse i'll be, sometime a hound, a hog, a headless bear, sometime a fire; and neigh, and bark, and grunt, and roar, and burn, like horse, hound, hog, bear, fire, at every turn.	1
give me thy hand ,  roderigo .	1
susan and she—god rest all christian souls ! — were of an age .	1
that’s where hell is ,  and darkness ,  and fires and stench !	1
give your sorrow words.	1
what is fated to happen must happen .	1
dost thou say so?	1
not yet .  ”       the hour’s now come .	1
i will speak to this fellow .	1
if th' other two be brained like us ,  the state totters .	1
is it so long ? — call forth the holy father .	1
but ,  go on .	1
i am ready now.	1
some god direct my judgment!	1
good madam, what's the matter with my lord?	1
o antony ,  antony ,  antony !	1
if this fall into thy hand ,  revolve .	1
now that you are down there ,  you look like someone dead in the bottom of a tomb .	1
what a piece of work is a man!	1
he goes before me ,  and still dares me on; when i come where he calls ,  then he is gone .	1
farewell, and let your haste commend your duty.	1
kindness in women ,  not their beauteous looks ,  shall win my love ,  and so i take my leave ,  in resolution as i swore before .	1
one would think his mother’s milk were scarce out of him .	1
for my part, my lord, i didn’t intend to see you here; but, meeting with salanio by the way, he begged me, past all saying no, to come along with him.	1
i beg you, sir, have patience.	1
but i will tell you that i seduced margaret ,  the lady hero’s waiting woman ,  tonight .	1
madam, not yet; but there is come a messenger ahead of them, to show that they are coming.	1
thou seest these lovers seek a place to fight.	1
but when shall we set the savage bull’s horns on the sensible benedick’s head ?	1
be certain ,  nothing truer .	1
i’ll make the motion .	1
i’ll steal away to england ,  and i’ll steal some more when i get there .	1
go on ,  and see whether brutus is alive or dead ,  and bring us word how everything happened to octavius' tent .	1
marvellous sweet music !	1
o wise and upright judge !	1
petruchio ?	1
this is the silliest stuff that ever i heard.	1
relent ,  sweet hermia—and ,  lysander ,  yield thy crazèd title to my certain right .	1
you shall be lord of it, and i'll serve you.	1
o heaven defend me!	1
farewell .	1
sir, here laertes is newly come to court, believe me, an absolute gentleman, full of most excellent traits, of very soft manners and looking great.	1
his discretion ,  i am sure ,  cannot carry his valour; for the goose carries not the fox .	1
he pretended to be some kind of sorcerer ,  and he gazed in my eyes and took my pulse .	1
yes.	1
nay ,  good my fellows ,  do not please sharp fate to grace it with your sorrows .	1
how much salt water thrown away in waste ,  to season love ,  that of it doth not taste !	1
is it not like the king ?	1
liar, and slave!	1
there is a brief how many sports are ripe; make choice of which your highness will see first.	1
this is a sleepy tune .	1
i never knew a woman love man so .	1
he speaks well.	1
thou hast seen these signs .	1
no, i say it is very contemptible, and begin to find myself fooled by it.	1
so now turn and draw your sword .	1
how will you live ?	1
i stand for judgment .	1
hail!	1
what does that mean ,  my lord ?	1
come on ,  sir .	1
then the liars and swearers are fools ,  because there are liars and swearers enough to beat the honest men and hang up them .	1
tell our top commanders that i want tomorrow’s battle to be the last we fight .	1
do you want to hear what she says ?	1
all that i will tell you is, that the duke hath dined.	1
the lunatic, the lover, and the poet, are of imagination all compact.	1
we’ve finished our business .	1
he being thus lorded, not only with what my revenue yielded, but what my power might else exact, like one who having into truth, by telling of it, made such a sinner of his memory to credit his own lie, he did believe he was indeed the duke; out o'th’ substitution, and executing the outward face of royalty with all prerogative; hence his ambition growing— dost thou hear?	1
i hope you haven’t lost your mind .	1
a nice coincidence ,  my lord .	1
benedicite!	1
you have stayed me in a happy hour .	1
yes, hamlet.	1
tybalt ,  here slain ,  whom romeo's hand did slay .	1
i said  “ your husband .  ” —do you understand that word ?	1
it is not words that shakes me thus .	1
if fortune be not ours today ,  it is because we brave her .	1
tis yours ,  and we ,  your scutcheons and your signs of conquest ,  shall hang in what place you please .	1
tybalt ,  my cousin !	1
and then i will be in charge of your sorrows ,  and lead you even to death .	1
i pray you ,  sir ,  take patience .	1
soak your hands in blood and gore ,  since you have cut the thread of his life with scissors .	1
and prompt me, plain and holy innocence!	1
i’ll go get beatrice for you ,  who can walk here by herself—she has legs .	1
make the doors upon a woman’s wit ,  and it will out at the casement .	1
let it be so .	1
how many things by season seasoned are to their right praise and true perfection !	1
nay, but ophelia— pray you, mark.	1
the phrase would be more german to the matter if we could carry a cannon by our sides .	1
give the word ,  ho ,  and stand .	1
moreover ,  out of mercy ,  the constable urges you to remind your men to make their peace with god and repent ,  so that their souls may depart sweetly and peacefully from these fields where ,  poor wretches ,  their bodies will likely fall and fester .	1
it pleases your worship to say so ,  but we are the poor duke’s officers .	1
o mighty caesar !	1
no ,  come on ,  one more time .	1
let me sit down .	1
i see a voice !	1
what ,  sir ,  not yet at rest ?	1
well ,  sir ,  my mistress is the sweetest lady . —lord ,  lord !	1
and let no one suffer for this deed except us ,  the perpetrators .	1
please go inside .	1
if you stop up the keyhole ,  it will escape from the chimney along with the smoke .	1
you should ask me what time of day it is ,  instead .	1
you pale, ugly face!	1
you’re not leaving the house today .	1
oh ,  how bitter it is that edward—the real  “ true ,  noble prince ” —should still be alive !	1
o, break, my heart!	1
what’s important is the urgency of this mission .	1
not he that himself is not so ,  which is mark antony .	1
see ,  it stalks away !	1
i’ve been informed by certain sources i can’t disclose that your younger brother orlando plans to fight me in disguise .	1
sir ,  you may thank yourself for this great loss ,  since you wouldn’t bless our europe with your daughter ,  but would rather marry her to an african; where she is ,  at least ,  out of your sight ,  you who has cause to shed tears about it .	1
you have done well ,  that men must lay their murders on your neck .	1
why are you treating my sister like this ?	1
his nurse ?	1
this will i also wear in my cap .	1
what will you give me now for that same handkerchief?	1
how every fool can play upon the word !	1
you are very trinculo indeed !	1
how old are you ,  friend ?	1
i love you as a child should love her father ,  neither more nor less .	1
he was but a fool that brought my answer back.	1
who’s that calling ?	1
come ,  night that closes the eyes ,  cover the tender eye of pitiful day; and ,  with your bloody and invisible hand ,  cancel and tear to pieces that great deed which keeps me pale !	1
you can see for yourself .	1
i am sorry to hear this .	1
none ,  my lord .	1
look ,  it’s my dear lady disdain !	1
if you had known the virtue of the ring ,  or half her worthiness that gave the ring ,  or your own honor to contain the ring ,  you would not then have parted with the ring .	1
sure ,  ’tis not so .	1
go ,  bring them in . —and take your places ,  ladies .	1
get rid of half your knights and go back to spend the rest of your month with my sister .	1
out alas !	1
i am too old to be engaged to someone so young!	1
how much more elder art thou than thy looks!	1
our closest relatives are the ones most likely to murder us .	1
while we’re talking here ,  a royal battle could be won and lost .	1
the king, sir yes, sir, what about him?	1
nah ,  i’ll never be aware of my own wit ,  until i break my shins on it .	1
set up the goblets of wine for me on that table.	1
o ,  wilt thou darkling leave me ?	1
your answers are too shallow and too hasty .	1
imagine them locking me out on a night like this !	1
that i will do .	1
if this were true ,  then should i know this secret .	1
but i will tell you this very plainly: i have challenged claudio ,  and either he’ll accept the challenge or admit he’s a coward .	1
i didn’t ,  either .	1
you advise me well .	1
and my trust ,  like a good parent ,  did beget of him a falsehood in its contrary as great as my trust was ,  which had indeed no limit ,  a confidence sans bound .	1
you know me well ,  and waste time here to twist a story about my friendship with examples; and ,  no doubt ,  you insult me by questioning the limits of my friendship as if you had wasted everything i have .	1
good my lord ,  what is your cause of distemper ?	1
i am but hurt.	1
what is't you say ?	1
you are welcome to elsinore.	1
commend me to thy lady; and bid her to hurry the whole house to bed, which heavy sorrow makes them more likely to do.	1
so long?	1
good morrow, my good lords.	1
why ,  then ’tis time to arm and give direction .	1
so ,  so ,  so ,  so .	1
time will tell what you’ve got up your sleeve .	1
why, how now, juliet?	1
the sweeter rest was mine .	1
brutus ,  may i have a word with you ?	1
good my lord!	1
macbeth does come.	1
if you go outside ,  arm yourself .	1
why dost thou call him  “ knave ”  ?	1
and now i pray you ,  sir— for still ’tis beating in my mind , —your reason for raising this sea - storm .	1
beshrew me ,  if i would do such a wrong for the whole world .	1
what wood is this before us ?	1
by my holy order ,  i thought thy disposition better temper'd .	1
her love to both would each to other and all loves to both draw after her .	1
that’s the point .	1
you had rotten food ,  and he helped you eat it .	1
out ,  and alas !	1
i asked you again, then you scratched your head, and stamped your foot very impatiently.	1
his eyes used to glow with pride when he reviewed his troops .	1
go ,  captain ,  send my greetings to the danish king .	1
no ,  by my life and soul !	1
you think he’s special ,  since you’ve only ever seen him and caliban .	1
portia, are you gone?	1
yes ,  my lord ?	1
what tranio did ,  he did at my command .	1
the punto reverso !	1
as ever you come of women ,  come in quickly to sir john .	1
good morrow ,  neighbor ,  whither away so fast ?	1
madam ,  you’ve treated me badly ,  very badly .	1
dry up your tears and stick your rosemary on this fair corse, and, as the custom is, in all her best array bear her to church; for though fond nature bids us all lament, yet nature's tears are reason's merriment.	1
for doting ,  not for loving ,  pupil mine .	1
for we may take pity on you ,  even if we can’t pardon you .	1
whereon do you look?	1
so that’s how it is now, arguing with choppy reasoning?	1
then we’ll be stuffed with news .	1
you speak more wisely than you know .	1
faith ,  that was not so well; yet would i knew that stroke would prove the worst !	1
nay, that's certain.	1
but after many ceremonies done ,  he calls for wine .	1
who is that they’re following?	1
the sweet fool in a fool’s costume—that’s me .	1
the fit is momentary; in a minute, he will again be well.	1
let a true evaluation of the military situation wait until we have won the battle.	1
we will ,  my lord .	1
now, most noble brutus, the gods today stand friendly, that we may, lovers in peace, lead on our days to age!	1
these sweet thoughts relieve me and refresh me ,  especially when i’m slaving away busily .	1
i knew him ,  horatio: a fellow of infinite jest ,  of most excellent fancy .	1
what wicked request did brutus make to you ?	1
i wish i could see that man someday !	1
the heart is sorely charged.	1
you have dancing shoes with nimble soles; i have a soul of lead so stakes me to the ground i cannot move .	1
let him think about his own debt .	1
with him ?	1
forswear it, sight!	1
thomas the earl of surrey and himself ,  much about cockshut time ,  from troop to troop went through the army cheering up the soldiers .	1
i ,  fight against you ,  antony ?	1
you’re right ,  sir .	1
now jove ,  in his next commodity of hair ,  send thee a beard !	1
virtue itself turns vice, being misapplied, and vice sometime's by action dignified.	1
that's as much as to say, such a case as yours constrains a man to bend his legs.	1
to this effect ,  sir ,  after what flourish your nature will .	1
be ruled .	1
what noise startles in our ears?	1
have you a mind to sink ?	1
i really needed blessing ,  and the  " amen "  stuck in my throat .	1
and what about him ,  tranio ?	1
speak the speech ,  i pray you ,  as i pronounced it to you ,  trippingly on the tongue .	1
i pray that god will let me learn from women like that—not to follow their bad example ,  but to avoid it !	1
you all did love him once ,  not without cause; what cause withholds you then to mourn for him ?	1
neither to you nor any one ,  having no witness to confirm my speech .	1
do you not know me ,  father ?	1
he is composed and framed of treachery ,  and fled he is upon this villainy .	1
that chain will i bestow— be it for nothing but to spite my wife— upon mine hostess there .	1
for i tell you ,  father ,  i am as peremptory as she proud - minded; and where two raging fires meet together ,  they do consume the thing that feeds their fury .	1
all the conspirators ,  save only he ,  did that they did in envy of great caesar; he only ,  in a general honest thought and common good to all ,  made one of them .	1
thou know'st that all my fortunes are at sea; neither have i money, nor commodity to raise a present sum: therefore go forth, try what my credit can in venice do; that shall be rack'd, even to the uttermost, to furnish thee to belmont, to fair portia.	1
good morrow ,  neighbor baptista .	1
and what other oath than honesty to honesty engaged ,  that this shall be ,  or we will fall for it ?	1
what's the matter ?	1
i’ll go with you .	1
who's there ?	1
take away this lout and whip him .	1
till birnam wood remove to dunsinane i cannot taint with fear .	1
there has never been so black a day as today .	1
good your grace ,  pardon me .	1
now ,  catesby ,  what does your lord say to my request ?	1
go, gratiano, run and overtake him; give him the ring; and bring him, if thou canst, unto antonio's house:—away!	1
a nice message .	1
to a nunnery ,  go; and quickly too .	1
oh ,  goodbye to my peace of mind !	1
have you got leave to go to shrift to-day?	1
if you have tears ,  prepare to shed them now .	1
not sick ,  my lord ,  unless it be in mind; nor well ,  unless in mind: his letter there will show you his estate .	1
is there anyone to give the bride away ?	1
you’d be wiser and look better if you told all this to the doctor ,  because for me to try to purge him of anger would probably make him more angry .	1
both your majesties might ,  by the sovereign power you have of us ,  put your huge request more into a command than to an entreaty .	1
either there is a civil strife in heaven ,  or else the world too saucy with the gods incenses them to send destruction .	1
the lark shrilly singing up there is too far away to be heard .	1
if she find him not ,  to england send him; or confine him where your wisdom best shall think .	1
greet the king with a welcoming expression in your eyes ,  your hands ,  and your words .	1
for hecuba?	1
how fine my master is !	1
don’t think i blame you .	1
why, it is a loving and a fair reply.	1
i don’t have any news to report ,  my lord .	1
please don’t scold me.	1
let’s be sacrificers ,  but not butchers ,  caius .	1
pray ,  sir ,  be patient .	1
thou hast amazed me .	1
sir ,  is everyone in your family at home ?	1
go away and take your children .	1
how shall we beguile the lazy time if not with some delight ?	1
no sir ,  trust me ,  i do not .	1
kill brutus ,  and be honored in his death .	1
i am glad on't; i desire no more delight ,  than to be under sail and gone to - night .	1
alas ,  thrice - gentle cassio !	1
then would to god that i had never seen't!	1
her eyes are saying something .	1
yes ,  it is apparel .	1
freedom high - day !	1
i think it lacks of twelve.	1
it would be spoke to .	1
how unfortunate to meet you by moonlight, proud titania.	1
i pick the younger one .	1
farewell ,  dear mother .	1
what, is your sword out among these stupid servants?	1
my lord ?	1
put out the light of the candle ,  and then put out the light of her heart .	1
if she cannot beg, i can order.	1
hold ,  for your lives !	1
ay, my lord.	1
answer that.	1
sir paris ,  i will make a desperate offer of my child's love .	1
that’s her father and his friends ,  who’ve been roused out of bed .	1
o me!	1
o' thursday be it ,  then . — go you to juliet ere you go to bed .	1
isn’t it a pain that i can’t choose or refuse anyone ,  nerissa ?	1
bliss be upon you!	1
being holiday, the beggar's shop is shut.	1
you are welcome .	1
or any of your faction ?	1
in which predicament, i say, you stand; because it appears by this obvious proceeding that indirectly, and directly too, you have schemed against the very life of the defendant; and you have incurred the danger that i just read to you.	1
by the mass ,  i was about to say something .	1
and the grace of heaven ,  before ,  behind thee ,  and on every hand ,  enwheel thee round !	1
dead ,  then ?	1
but age ,  with his stealing steps ,  has clawed me in his clutch ,  and has shipped me until the land ,  as if i had never been such .	1
leave wringing of your hands.	1
oh ,  he looks like a pathetic sunday school teacher .	1
what ,  paris too ?	1
father ,  this isn’t easy for me .	1
is he arrayed ?	1
no ?	1
tweaks me by the nose ?	1
sinful macduff, they were all struck for thee!	1
no ,  by my honor ,  madam ,  by my soul ,  no woman took it ,  but a civil doctor ,  which refused three thousand dollars of me ,  and begged for the ring ,  which i denied him ,  and let him go away displeased ,  even he that had delayed the very life of my dear friend .	1
i am sorry that i didn’t treat him with better heed and judgment .	1
besides ,  the knave is handsome ,  young ,  and hath all those requisites in him that folly and green minds look after .	1
my gorge rises at it.	1
armed, my lord.	1
i pray you ,  uncle ,  give me this dagger .	1
more torches here !	1
would you tie me to a whole world of worries ?	1
should i tell you why ?	1
i know not how to pray your patience ,  yet i must speak .	1
he wish'd today our enterprise might thrive.	1
i cannot speak of this .	1
i robbed his wound of it .	1
in exchange for the blood i shed for you then ,  i ask you for justice now .	1
on thursday ,  tell her ,  she shall be married to this noble earl .	1
but that you do not love me.	1
oh ,  what a sad sight !	1
the name of cassius honors this corruption, and, for that reason, punishment hides his head.	1
heavens shield lysander, if they mean a fray!	1
how doth that royal merchant ,  good antonio ?	1
you absolute villain !	1
tut ,  tut ,  my lord ,  we’re not going to stand around chit - chatting .	1
well ,  go to ,  i will .	1
you are a spirit ,  i know .	1
what shall we do ,  enobarbus ?	1
i’ll put another question to you.	1
what do you call this ?	1
a dry jest ,  sir .	1
i would he knew that i had saved his brother .	1
i am your own forever.	1
i brought my master news of juliet's death; and then in post he came from mantua to this same place, to this same monument.	1
i haven’t slept since cassius first began to turn me against caesar .	1
it would seem strange unto him when he waked .	1
you’re wearing dancing shoes with nimble soles .	1
all lost !	1
here's a farmer that hanged himself on th’ expectation of plenty.	1
what, you speak drowsily.	1
my house was at the phoenix ?	1
he's very popular with this country’s masses ,  who like not in their minds ,  but with their eyes ,  and where it is so ,  the offender's punishment is important ,  but never the offense .	1
i wouldn’t have missed this even for a pension of thousands of pounds ,  to be paid by the shah of persia .	1
fare you well ,  sir .	1
shall they hoist me up and show me to the shouting varletry of censuring rome ?	1
oh ,  good demetrius ,  will you find him for me ?	1
and they have conspired together , —i will not say ,  you shall see a masque; but if you do ,  then it was not for nothing that my nose fell a - bleeding on black -  monday last ,  at six o'clock i' the morning ,  falling out that year on ash - wednesday was four year in the afternoon .	1
now ,  by the world—      'tis full of thy foul wrongs .	1
it makes me very happy to hear he’s so interested .	1
we shall chide downright ,  if i longer stay .	1
i will ,  sir .	1
get you gone, and at the pit of acheron meet me i’ the morning.	1
if i didn’t have a good reason to do this ,  damn me to the very bottom of hell .	1
i will only say one more word here in the house ,  and i’ll go with you .	1
and the poor old man just wept ,  mixing his tears with the rain .	1
why are you silent ?	1
that’s not so good now .	1
drown'd !	1
get yourself to church on thursday, or never, after that, look me in the face.	1
put on what weary negligence you please ,  you and your fellow servants .	1
fare you well .	1
waking] and run through fire i will for thy sweet sake .	1
god bless your grace !	1
they certainly will .	1
but mark , —poor knight ,  what dreadful sorrow is here !	1
but i’m not dying yet !	1
say ,  how grows it due ?	1
made it for me ?	1
we do not come, as minding to content you, our true intent is.	1
the attempt ,  and not the deed ,  confuses us .	1
where is the beauteous majesty of denmark ?	1
look how she carries on with him !	1
o child!	1
the merchandise which thou hast brought from rome are all too dear for me .	1
was ’t not to this end that thou began’st to twist so fine a story ?	1
you all know this cloak.	1
even if you’re not a traitor ,  you’re going to look like one if you run away .	1
even now ,  sir .	1
give him heedful note .	1
as for my wife ,  i would you had her spirit in such another .	1
now all is for nothing .	1
at nine .	1
why, e'en so!	1
have patience, gentle friends, i must not read it; it is not meet you know how caesar loved you.	1
i will presently go learn their day of marriage .	1
she said if she were interested in someone ,  it would be someone who looked like me .	1
i would kiss before i spoke .	1
well met ,  my lord .	1
your majesty didn’t present yourself as the king .	1
thank god ” —that’s a good answer .	1
by mary ,  well thought .	1
you haven’t heard of the war brewing between the dukes of cornwall and albany ?	1
shall we to th' court ?	1
is that any thing now ?	1
peace then !	1
only three ?	1
you cannot revel into dukedoms there .	1
i will hear further reason for this .	1
come, gertrude, we'll call up our wisest friends, and let them know both what we mean to do and what's done at an unfortunate time.	1
ay ,  a thousand times . —peter !	1
fall to .	1
where have you been wandering?	1
i did that and more ,  which brings me to the point of this second meeting .	1
you love me not .	1
i’ll look into it further .	1
cassius falls as low as your foot, to beg freedom for publius cimber.	1
but, look, the morning, dressed in a red cape, walks over the dew of that high hill in the east.	1
tybalt ,  old capulet’s nephew ,  has sent a letter to romeo’s father’s house .	1
why thou ,  loss upon loss !	1
aside to sebastian] i am right glad that he's so out [aside to sebastian] i am right glad that he's so out of hope .	1
no more about drowning ,  do you hear ?	1
but don’t be afraid to take the crown that belongs to you .	1
pick up the body.	1
i’ll do it ,  but i don’t like it .	1
why ,  then may you leave a casement of the great chamber window ,  where we play ,  open; and the moon may shine in at the casement .	1
ay ,  that petruchio came .	1
see ,  see ,  here comes the man we went to seek .	1
call help .	1
you cataracts and hurricanoes ,  spout till you have drenched our steeples ,  drowned the cocks !	1
this is great.	1
would you like some more sauce to go with it ?	1
come ,  sirs .	1
what bond do we need other than that of discreet romans who have said what they’re going to do and won’t back down ?	1
but ,  my lord ,  his majesty bade me signify to you that he has laid a great wager on your head .	1
if you were my fool ,  uncle ,  i’d have you beaten for getting old before your time .	1
is he gone and hath nothing?	1
o ,  fie !	1
truly ,  sir ,  all that i live by is with the sharp little tool; i don’t stick my nose into any tradesman's matters ,  or women's matters ,  but with awl .	1
my pretty cousin ,  blessing upon you !	1
was he sad or happy ?	1
roast me in fires of sulphur !	1
out— of love?	1
find the girl!	1
hold!	1
what i am truly, is thine and my poor country's to command: whither indeed, before thy here-approach, old siward, with ten thousand warlike men, already at a point, was setting forth.	1
tis so—but edward lives .	1
it is judgement maim'd and most imperfect, that will confess perfection so could err against all rules of nature, i therefore vouch again, that with some mixtures powerful o'er the blood, or with some dram conjured to this effect, he wrought upon her.	1
here’s a madman will murder me .	1
if i ever have to ask you for something that will put your luck to the test ,  it’ll be something difficult and terrible .	1
wrong not her birth .	1
not when i saw it .	1
and she is very smart .	1
i cannot blame you now for weeping .	1
give me my sword.	1
it is clean out of the way.	1
is she not proud ?	1
oh ,  monster ,  we know secondhand clothes when we see them . — take off that gown ,  trinculo .	1
cassio ,  do you any idea who they are that have mangled you like this ?	1
i have been feasting with my enemy; where, all of a sudden, one has wounded me that's by me also wounded.	1
yes, but, lady, that policy may either last so long, or feed on such nice and light diet, or take itself so out of circumstance, that, with my absence and my place filled, my general will forget my love and service.	1
don’t tell us what our duty is .	1
and mine ,  but it grows something stale with me .	1
no ,  i beg you ,  listen .	1
i don’t know what may happen; i don’t like it.	1
she’s dead too ,  our sovereign .	1
in that case ,  there’s reason to hope a man’s memory may outlive him by six months .	1
i met this man with my glove in his cap ,  and i have been as good as my word .	1
we are oft to blame in this— 'tis too much proved—that with devotion's visage and pious action we do sugar o'er the devil himself .	1
o thou vile king, give me my father!	1
before my body i throw my warlike shield!	1
here have i few attendants and subjects none abroad .	1
go sleep ,  and hear us .	1
thou speak'st it well.	1
i’ll spend tonight working to make something horrible happen .	1
go make thee ready; our letters are prepared .	1
turn from me then that noble countenance wherein the worship of the whole world lies .	1
here is a ring she bid me give you, sir.	1
i hear him coming .	1
i’ll grant you that i’m a woman ,  but i am ,  besides ,  a woman of good reputation ,  cato's daughter .	1
give me bianca for my patrimony .	1
charmian ,  did i ever love caesar as much as this ?	1
hence, and stand aloof.	1
the tawny cat has meowed three times .	1
my honored lord ,  you know right well you did ,  and with them ,  words composed of so sweet an air as made the things more rich .	1
titinius' face is upward .	1
oh ,  if only we had with us here ten thousand of those men back home in england who aren’t working today .	1
thou desperate pilot, now at once run on the dashing rocks thy seasick weary bark!	1
why do you make such faces ?	1
but there’s no bottom ,  none ,  in my voluptuousness .	1
go, order my goblins that they torment their joints with dry convulsions; shorten up their muscles with long-lasting cramps, and make them more spotted with pinches than a leopard, or mountain cat.	1
the earth is nature’s mother and also nature’s tomb .	1
sin from thy lips ?	1
my excellent good friends !	1
is ’t not hortensio ?	1
it won’t matter .	1
o sweet bully bottom!	1
you are to blame , —i must be plain with you , — to part so quickly with your wife's first gift ,  a thing stuck on your finger with oaths ,  and so nailed with faith to your flesh with faith .	1
well ,  masters ,  we hear our charge .	1
oh ,  make them joyful !	1
good night ,  good doctor .	1
is this true ?	1
this man said ,  sir ,  that don john ,  the prince’s brother ,  was a villain .	1
who has put in ?	1
you’ll force me, then, to read the will?	1
here he comes ,  my lord .	1
why ,  you deboshed fish you ,  was there ever a coward that has drunk so much sack as i have today ?	1
ay ,  and for that thou diest .	1
the dauphin longs for morning .	1
drunk all, and left no friendly drop to help me after?	1
and when i have stol'n upon these sons - in - law ,  then ,  kill ,  kill ,  kill ,  kill ,  kill ,  kill !	1
go to bed and rest, because you need to rest.	1
be thou familiar ,  but by no means vulgar .	1
if i say sooth ,  i must report they were as cannons overcharged with double cracks ,  so they doubly redoubled strokes upon the foe .	1
most noble sir ,  arise .	1
this nothing's more than matter.	1
i recognize something about that voice .	1
i’ll do so .	1
they have fully sixty thousand fighting men .	1
vouchsafe to those that have not read the story that i may prompt them; and of such as have ,  i humbly pray them to admit th' excuse of time ,  of numbers ,  and due course of things ,  which cannot in their huge and proper life be here presented .	1
my heart is sorry for your daughter’s death ,  but ,  on my honor ,  she was charged with nothing but what was true and very full of proof .	1
i have said .	1
dear celia—i already look much happier than i feel ,  but you want me to look even happier ?	1
your wife would give you little thanks for that, if she were by, to hear you make the offer.	1
i hear someone coming .	1
have you heard about anything unusual happening in the city ?	1
is your name shylock?	1
be ruled by me .	1
i would thou hadst my bones ,  and i thy news .	1
cleopatra— how could i have ever thought that you would be faithful and true ,  even though your vows of love shook the heavens themselves—you ,  who were unfaithful to fulvia ?	1
your mistress is a good mount .	1
do you believe his “offers,” as you call them?	1
cassio knows you not.	1
nor i, my lord.	1
let them take it whatever way they will .	1
upon record ,  my gracious lord .	1
and in her eyes i see a fire that would seem to burn away the lies the princes have told about her chastity .	1
when did she send thee ?	1
you are merry ,  my lord .	1
go ahead; yell with frightening accent and distress as when a fire is seen in big cities at night and by accident .	1
is that any thing now?	1
look at the calendar ,  and come back and tell me .	1
nay ,  that’s certain .	1
halt, and identify yourself.	1
but ,  too unruly deer ,  he breaks the pale and feeds from home .	1
a most manly wit ,  margaret ,  it will not hurt a woman .	1
no, sir, she shall not, although you take her side.	1
even by the rule of that knowledge by which i blamed cato for his suicide— i don’t know why, but i think it’s cowardly and vile to take your own life because of the fear of what might happen— arming myself with the patience to wait for the help of some high powers that govern us here below.	1
they stumble that run fast .	1
time shall unfold what plighted cunning hides ,  who covers faults at last with shame derides .	1
bring out the suspects .	1
foul whisperings are abroad .	1
will you speak well of him that killed your cousin ?	1
we shall lose our time, and all be turned to barnacles, or to apes with foreheads villanous low.	1
would thou hadst less deserved ,  that the proportion both of thanks and payment might have been mine !	1
prates too . —what say you ,  james soundpost ?	1
the folly of this island!	1
hail !	1
to have no screen between this part he played and him he played it for; he needs will be absolute milan.	1
tell me ,  thou villain ,  where is my son lucentio ?	1
is scotland the same as when i left it ?	1
how now ,  malvolio !	1
here ,  noble lord .	1
the king rises .	1
truly, i think they are.	1
i strike quickly ,  being moved .	1
fierce civil war will paralyze all of italy .	1
what did they do wrong ?	1
master ,  should i watch the door ?	1
i will see you tomorrow ,  then .	1
now could i drink hot blood, and do such bitter business as the day would quake to look on.	1
tell me, heavenly rainbow, if you know, if venus the goddess of love or cupid, her son, now wait on the queen?	1
i must needs tell thee all .	1
oh ,  but she’ll keep her word .	1
if you’re going to lend us this money ,  don’t lend it to us as if we were your friends .	1
poor souls ,  the perished .	1
tell me your idea first .	1
the messengers of venice stays the meat .	1
tears with seven times the salt, burn out the sight and truth of my eyes!	1
a woman who doesn’t know how to make her own indiscretions look like her husband’s fault is hardly a woman .	1
see, whether their basest metal be not moved; they vanish tongue-tied in their guiltiness.	1
what started this?	1
where is she now ? —what ,  will these hands ne'er be clean ? —no more o' that ,  my lord ,  no more o' that .	1
but here's a parchment with the seal of caesar; i found it in his closet, 'tis his will.	1
my master calls me .	1
we'll make it a small wedding ,  a friend or two; because ,  listen ,  tybalt’s being killed so recently ,  people may think we didn’t care for him ,  being our relative ,  if we party too much .	1
that we must do that also .	1
no ,  longer than that .	1
i have drunk but one cup tonight, and that was craftily qualified too, and behold what innovation it makes here.	1
can i go forward when my heart is here?	1
what soldiers ,  patch ?	1
you hear how he importunes me .	1
yes, damn it, i'll be taking care of it right away.	1
it is othello's pleasure, our noble and valiant general, that on certain news now arrived, concerning the mere total destruction of the turkish fleet, every man rejoice, some to dance, some to make bonfires, each man to whatever sport and revels his disposition leads him, because, besides this good news, it is the celebration of his wedding.	1
from france there comes a power into this scattered kingdom ,  who already ,  wise in our negligence ,  have secret feet in some of our best ports and are at point to show their open banner .	1
as proper men as ever trod upon neats-leather have gone upon my handiwork.	1
no one’s life should have been entrusted to them .	1
why ,  all these should be in the lantern; for all these are in the moon .	1
alas that love, whose view is muffled still, should without eyes see pathways to his will!	1
to tell you that you shall see me at philippi .	1
go make you ready .	1
don’t you come to scold your tardy son, that, forgetting time and passion, lets the important acting of your dread command go by?	1
oh ,  i was such a beast to be angry at him .	1
well, my lord.	1
none, brutus, none.	1
i pray thee ,  let us go and find him out ,  and quicken his embraced heaviness ,  with some delight or other .	1
what ,  did my daughter go to friar lawrence ?	1
good enobarbus !	1
waking] why ,  how now ?	1
i am hurt .	1
how every fool can play upon the word!	1
three words ,  dear romeo ,  and good night indeed .	1
we talk here in the public haunt of men .	1
arrest him ,  officer .	1
look where she comes .	1
here comes his body, mourned by mark antony, who, although he had no hand in his death, shall receive the benefit of his dying, a place in the commonwealth, just as you all will.	1
i have a daughter (i have her until she gets married) who’s given me this letter ,  considering it her duty .	1
caius ligarius doth bear caesar hard ,  who rated him for speaking well of pompey .	1
what is a man ,  if his chief good and use of his time is only to sleep and eat ?	1
let me say  “ amen ”  quickly ,  before the devil comes in and stops my prayer—because here comes the devil ,  disguised as a jew .	1
you can judge for yourself what i mean .	1
alas ,  what's the matter ?	1
the life ?	1
she has ,  and in that decision ,  is wasting her looks and charms; for beauty ,  starved with this woman’s severity ,  cuts beauty off from all posterity .	1
here ,  take this piece of jewelry .	1
you spotted snakes, with double tongue, thorny hedgehogs, be not seen; newts and blindworms do no wrong; come not near our fairy queen.	1
what ,  what ?	1
their perfume lost, take these again; for to the noble mind rich gifts wax poor when givers prove unkind.	1
the things i need are all on the ship.	1
in faith, too much; i find it still when i have list to sleep: marry, before your ladyship, i grant she puts her tongue a little in her heart and chides with thinking.	1
why ,  look here ,  at what an unworthy a thing you make of me !	1
i still see you, in form as evident to my touch as the one i now draw.	1
o my son ,  what theme ?	1
why ,  i said nothing .	1
shall one of us who killed the most important man in all this world just to support robbers , — shall we now contaminate our fingers with lowly bribes and sell the mighty positions of our great honors for so much trash as may be grabbed like this ?	1
swear by my sword never to speak of this that you have heard .	1
say you ?	1
i could take back my crown by force—what outrageous ingratitude !	1
tis just .	1
ha, ha, ha!	1
therefore your earliness assures me that you are aroused by some disturbance in your mind; or if that’s not it ,  then i guess right ,  our romeo has not been in bed tonight .	1
why ,  now i see there’s mettle in thee ,  and even from this instant to build on thee a better opinion than ever before .	1
but who comes here?	1
so please you ,  we will stand and watch your pleasure .	1
or if thou hast not broke from company abruptly ,  as my passion now makes me ,  thou hast not loved .	1
my lord ,  the enemy has already passed the marsh .	1
at full speed ,  at full speed; or i'll cry a match .	1
what less than doomsday is the prince’s doom ?	1
here is a letter ,  lady; the paper as the body of my friend ,  and every word in it a gaping wound ,  issuing life - blood .	1
my husband .	1
nerissa, cheer the stranger; say hello to her.	1
who has a breast so pure, but some uncleanly apprehensions keep leets and lawdays, and in session sit with meditations lawful?	1
the best?	1
her hair ,  what color ?	1
i do well believe your highness ,  and did it to minister occasion to these gentlemen ,  who are of such sensible and nimble lungs that they always use to laugh at nothing .	1
jove and my stars be praised !	1
how can this be ?	1
tell him that the mayor ,  some citizens ,  and i have come to confer with his grace in matters of great importance concerning the general good .	1
this lodovico is a proper man.	1
but is it true, salerio?	1
quiet !	1
indeed!	1
come, civil night, you sober-suited matron, all in black, and teach me how to lose a winning match, played for a pair of stainless maidens.	1
well ,  syracusian ,  say in brief the cause why thou dep - artedst from thy native home and for what cause thou camest to ephesus .	1
you ,  wretched boy ,  that hung out with him here ,  will be with him there .	1
of course ,  sir .	1
in the most high and palmy state of rome, a little ere the mightiest julius fell, the graves stood tenantless, and the sheeted dead did squeak and gibber in the roman streets; as stars with trains of fire and dews of blood, disasters in the sun; and the moist star, upon whose influence neptune's empire stands was sick almost to doomsday with eclipse.	1
very likely; one of them is a plain fish, and, no doubt, marketable.	1
o cousin, cousin!	1
come on; in this there can be no dismay, my ships come home a month before the day.	1
when i burned in desire to question them further, they made themselves air, into which they vanished.	1
lo ,  yonder ,  and titinius mourning it .	1
he asked me to give his father this letter ,  and threatened me with death ,  going into the tomb ,  if i didn’t leave ,  and i left him there .	1
my mistress, dearest; and i am humble forever.	1
but if you just repeat it, as many actors do, i would prefer the town crier spoke my lines.	1
tis strange, my theseus, that these lovers speak of.	1
if you say so ,  i hope you will not kill me .	1
i wish he would change!	1
miranda . —o my father ,  i have broke your hest to say so !	1
ay, and this.	1
ratcliffe !	1
seen too early as an unknown ,  and now known too late !	1
how is my wife ?	1
lord ,  lord ,  she will be a joyful woman .	1
are you a married man or a bachelor ?	1
we will ,  my lord .	1
they left me and my servant there ,  tied together .	1
to show our simple skill, that is the true beginning of our end.	1
i mean ,  sir ,  in delay we waste our lights in vain ,  like lamps by day .	1
come ,  hamlet ,  come ,  and take this hand from me .	1
gentlemen all ,  i suspect this trash to be a party to this injury .	1
parting is such sweet sorrow that i shall say good night until it’s tomorrow .	1
i am sorry thou wilt leave my father so; our house is hell ,  and thou ,  a merry devil ,  didst rob it of some taste of tediousness: but fare thee well: there is a ducat for thee .	1
i will tell you everything ,  right as it fell out .	1
oh ,  come on .	1
his taints and honors waged equal with him .	1
hath it slept since?	1
spread thy close curtain, love-performing night, that runaway eyes may wink, and romeo leap to these arms untalk'd of and unseen.	1
if you wish to speak of love ,  speak more softly .	1
he didn’t say anything ,  he’s reading .	1
stop ,  oh !	1
if he awake ,  from toe to crown he’ll fill our skins with pinches ,  make us strange stuff .	1
i am the slave and worker in your delight; but you shall bear the burden soon at night .	1
faith ,  i know not what to say .	1
sojourn in mantua .	1
let him be the devil if he wants to ,  i don’t care .	1
i know you two are rival enemies; how comes this gentle concord in the world that hatred is so far from jealousy to sleep by hate, and fear no enmity?	1
see ,  they greet you with their hearts' thanks .	1
revenge.	1
i do not think there is any such woman .	1
since they did plot the means that dusky dis my daughter got ,  her and her blind boy’s scandaled company i have forsworn .	1
i have heard your grace hath ta'en great pains to qualify his rigorous course; but since he stands obdurate, and that no lawful means can carry me out of his envy's reach, i do oppose my patience to his fury; and am arm'd to suffer, with a quietness of spirit, the very tyranny and rage of his.	1
he’s a good fellow ,  i can tell you that much .	1
i will stop your mouth .	1
how many ,  can you guess ?	1
i one ,  my lord .	1
ay ,  madam .	1
alas ,  too soon we came aboard .	1
it was the most ruthless massacre this country has ever been guilty of .	1
your master is a wise and valiant roman; i always thought so .	1
out .	1
i am glad that my weak words have struck but thus much show of fire from brutus .	1
am i a married man or a bachelor ?	1
o me ,  lieutenant !	1
damn your wine !	1
what, will the line stretch out to the crack of doom?	1
tomorrow ,  caesar ,  i shall be furnished to inform you rightly both what by sea and land i can be able to front this present time .	1
no matter .	1
then let the rain come down .	1
moreover ,  urge his hateful luxury and bestial appetite in change of lust ,  which stretched to their servants ,  daughters ,  wives ,  even where his raging eye or savage heart ,  without control ,  lusted to make his prey .	1
wherever you had it ,  i won’t take out any embroidery .	1
i did enact julius caesar .	1
i don’t have to give you answers that you like .	1
the news is true ,  my lord .	1
aside .	1
this is old ninny's tomb .	1
my lord, i don’t know, but i truly fear it.	1
because ,  let the whole world know ,  you are the next in line to our throne ,  and ,  i give you my love ,  with no less nobility than the love which the dearest father bears his son .	1
you speak this to fetch me in ,  my lord .	1
i and my sword will earn our chronicle .	1
peace yet again !	1
welcome, mistress.	1
i don’t make fortunes; i only see them .	1
keep peace ,  upon your lives .	1
what !	1
let me argue with you about your situation .	1
i’ll tell my husband ,  launcelot ,  what you say .	1
life ,  living ,  all is death’s .	1
banquo, your soul's flight, if it finds heaven, must find it tonight.	1
be as ourself in denmark . —madam ,  come .	1
i'll tell my husband, launcelot, what you say; here he comes.	1
the law!	1
ay ,  my good lord .	1
do they hold the same respect they did when i was in the city ?	1
thou wretched ,  rash ,  intruding fool ,  farewell !	1
murder !	1
take in the wheeled canons with their deadly gaping mouths trained on the walled city of harfleur .	1
a spirit?	1
i’ll be back soon to wake up your generosity .	1
see ,  caesar !	1
how oddly thou reply'st!	1
but it was also prophesied that the crown would not go to your descendants ,  and that my sons and grandsons would be kings instead .	1
i must take out the embroidery?	1
what say you to a piece of beef and mustard ?	1
i begin to be weary of the sun ,  and i wish the order the world were now destroyed .	1
no more about that ,  please .	1
a friend.	1
you certainly bar the door to your own freedom if you don’t tell your problems to your friend .	1
to many men this is a caliban ,  and they are angels to him .	1
what noise is this ? —not dead ?	1
news ,  madam .	1
i cannot drink too much of brutus’s love .	1
well then ,  another prologue must say that he is not really a lion .	1
and did you see the handkerchief ?	1
my lady bade me tell you ,  that ,  though she harbors you as her kinsman ,  she’s nothing allied to your disorders .	1
you should look like an innocent flower ,  but be like the snake that hides underneath the flower .	1
what are you here that cry so grievously?	1
come ,  instance .	1
i’ll write how ,  under his flag and with his well - paid troops ,  we have beaten the formerly unvanquished parthia .	1
go hide ,  adam ,  and you’ll hear how he abuses me .	1
fear not ,  my lord; your servant shall do so .	1
i never saw my father in my life .	1
i wish she were as lying a gossip in that as ever knapped ginger or made her neighbors believe she wept for the death of a third husband .	1
when the wind is from the south ,  i know a hawk from a handsaw .	1
if they do see thee ,  they will murder thee .	1
i did not see him since .	1
so much for him!	1
it must go like this .	1
nay ,  i will .	1
away !	1
good my lord .	1
the armies were like two exhausted swimmers clinging to each other and struggling in the water ,  unable to move .	1
ye elves of hills, brooks, standing lakes and groves, and ye that on the sands with printless foot do chase the ebbing neptune and do fly him when he comes back; you demi-puppets that by moonshine do the green sour ringlets make, whereof the ewe not bites, and you whose pastime is to make midnight mushrooms, that rejoice to hear the solemn curfew; by whose aid, weak masters though ye be, i have bedimmed the noontide sun, called forth the mutinous winds, and ’twixt the green sea and the azured vault set roaring war—to the dread rattling thunder have i given fire, and rifted jove's stout oak with his own bolt; the strong-based promontory have i made shake, and by the spurs plucked up the pine and cedar: graves at my command have waked their sleepers, oped, and let ’em forth by my so potent art.	1
i remember a jumble of impressions ,  but nothing distinctly .	1
i’ll fall at his feet and lie there until my pleading and crying convinces the duke to come here and force my husband to leave this abbey .	1
let’s go after the man whose has gone before us to bid us welcome .	1
have mercy ,  jesus ! —wait ,  i was only dreaming .	1
then do but say to me what i should do that in your knowledge may by me be done ,  and i am pressed unto it .	1
come ,  prepare !	1
master ,  knock hard upon the door .	1
the more i try to hide what i’m feeling ,  the bigger it gets .	1
say from whence you owe this strange intelligence, or why upon this blasted heath you stop our way with such prophetic greeting?	1
my lord?	1
come over here my right side, because i am deaf in this ear, and tell me what you really think of him.	1
bring him here; let me see his face .	1
bassanio ,  lord love ,  if thy will it be .	1
by cheshu ,  he is an ass ,  as in the world .	1
keep close ,  i thee command .	1
is it your dear friend that is thus in trouble?	1
tomorrow ,  my lord .	1
why should he call her  “ whore ”  ?	1
how do you ,  women ?	1
if his fitness speaks ,  mine is ready ,  now or whensoever ,  provided i be so able as now .	1
i never felt it until now—two thousand ducats in that diamond ,  and other precious ,  precious jewels !	1
i can tell you ,  but young romeo will be older when you find him than he was when you started looking for him .	1
and i am not guilty of yours .	1
the more i love, the more he hateth me.	1
and art thou chang'd ?	1
well ,  i’ll break in .	1
o ,  no ,  a lantern ,  slaughtered youth ,  because juliet lies here ,  and her beauty makes this tomb a party room full of light .	1
take him for all in all .	1
all right ,  i will .	1
when you  “ dared ”  to do it ,  then you were a man; and ,  in order to be more than what you are ,  you would be so much more the man .	1
four legs and two voices—a most delicate monster!	1
white - livered runagate ,  what doth he there ?	1
but it’s no treason for an englishman to cut off a french crown—a head ,  i mean—and tomorrow the king himself will do some snipping .	1
by and by.	1
keep your word .	1
petruchio is my name ,  antonio’s son ,  a man well known throughout all italy .	1
and you can do poor things that lead to rich results .	1
persuade me rather to be slave and sumpter to this detested groom .	1
nor would we deign him burial of his men till he disbursed at saint colme’s inch ten thousand dollars to our general use .	1
look around you ,  caesar .	1
heaven's face glows— yes, this solid and compound body with a trustful face— as against the end of the world, is sickened by the thought of the act.	1
how did they die ?	1
thou seest these lovers seek a place to fight .	1
tis like the howling of irish wolves against the moon .	1
iago is gesturing for me to come closer .	1
but i pray ,  can you read any thing you see ?	1
i will be assured i may; and that i may be assured ,  i will bethink me .	1
and with my hand i seal my true heart’s love .	1
chastisement?	1
by my troth ,  it is well said .	1
to the best bride-bed will we, which by us shall blessed be; and the issue there create ever shall be fortunate.	1
did you see how he laughed at his sin ?	1
the queen ,  my lord ,  the queen .	1
this morning, they have fled away and are gone; and in their places, ravens, crows, and kites fly over our heads and look down on us as if we were sickly prey.	1
nothing .	1
good!	1
but the critics and i found it to be an excellent play ,  with well - ordered scenes that were clever but not fancy .	1
but ,  sirrah ,  mark ,  we use to say the dead are well .	1
when i came back, for this was brief,--i found them close together, everyone was fighting, even as again they were when you yourself parted them.	1
marry, how?	1
repose you there ,  while i to this hard house— more harder than the stones whereof ’tis raised ,  which even but now ,  demanding after you ,  denied me to come in—return ,  and force their scanted courtesy .	1
on what compulsion must i?	1
alas the day !	1
then you didn’t see his face?	1
o my father ,  i have broke your hest to say so !	1
where are they ?	1
isn’t it enough, isn’t it enough, young man, that i never did, no, nor never can deserve a sweet look from demetrius' eye, but you must joke about what i’m lacking?	1
why ,  isn’t all this joking better than groaning about love ?	1
i could interpret between you and your love, if i could see the puppets dallying.	1
i promise you your kindred hath made my eyes water ere now .	1
sir, amen.	1
i say she shall . —and first begin with her .	1
put on my crown .	1
gentlemen ,  for shame !	1
mr .  antonio !	1
and the queen too ,  and that presently .	1
i won’t move to please anybody .	1
welcome ,  destruction ,  blood ,  and massacre .	1
is he losing his mind ?	1
and yesterday the bird of night did sit even at noon - day upon the market - place ,  howling and shrieking .	1
o lord, i could have stayed here all the night to hear good counsel.	1
good lord, you do me wrong— good lord, you do— to court me in such disdainful manner.	1
arise, fair sun, and kill the envious moon, who is already sick and pale with grief that thou her maid art far more fair than she.	1
then none have i offended .	1
she returns this ring to you ,  sir .	1
look ,  here comes a walking fire .	1
out of love ?	1
you have been hotly called for; when, you weren’t found at your lodging, the senate sent about three different requests to search for you.	1
richard yet lives ,  hell’s black intelligencer ,  only reserved their factor to buy souls and send them thither .	1
tonight he boarded a treasure ship .	1
and what hope is that, i pray thee?	1
hey ,  let’s have some music here !	1
look ,  here comes helena .	1
ourself will mingle with society and play the humble host .	1
you saw my master wink and laugh at you ?	1
how should madmen hear ,  if wise men can’t even see ?	1
sir, this report of his poisoned hamlet with envy that he couldn’t do anything but wish and beg your sudden coming over her to play with him.	1
why ,  stay ,  and listen to me speak .	1
the heavens forbid anything but our loves and comforts should increase even as our days grow long !	1
and, which is worse, all you have done hath been but for a wayward son, spiteful and wrathful: who, as others do, loves for his own ends, not for you.	1
an old gray hare ,  and an old gray hare ,  is very good meat in lent; but a hare that is gray is too much to be billed when it ages before it used up .	1
another way i have to man my haggard ,  to make her come and know her keeper’s call .	1
nay, take my life and all; pardon not that: you take my house when you do take the prop that doth sustain my house; you take my life, when you do take the means whereby i live.	1
can we have some water please here ? — come and wash ,  kate ,  make yourself at home .	1
it’s no time for jokes: sober up .	1
look where she comes.	1
jove shield thee well for this !	1
thou hast not half that power to do me harm as i have to be hurt.	1
i dreamt a dream tonight .	1
that eye my daughter lent her; ’tis most true .	1
bring it after me .	1
you foolish madman ,  listen to me for a moment .	1
did you ever cure any so ?	1
why ,  anyone can see what this means .	1
is it possible ?	1
is that the chain you promised me today ?	1
wife!	1
i was with hercules and cadmus once ,  when in a wood of crete they bayed the bear with hounds of sparta .	1
a little food and a huge welcome makes a joyous feast .	1
be not acknown on't; i have use for it.	1
welcome ,  good robin .	1
one aloof stand sentinel .	1
nay ,  you were a fragment of gneius pompey’s ,  besides what hotter hours ,  unregistered in vulgar fame ,  you have luxuriously picked out .	1
tell me what it’s about .	1
god shield i should disturb devotion !	1
you do remember all the circumstance ?	1
and i of all ladies most dejected and wretched that has tasted the honey of his musical vows ,  now see that noble and most royal mind ,  like sweet bells jangling ,  out of tune and harsh to hear ,  that form and feature of blown youth without equal totally crazy .	1
go, go, good countrymen, and, for this fault, assemble all the poor men of your sort, draw them to tiber banks, and weep your tears into the channel, till the lowest stream do kiss the most exalted shores of all.	1
gone ?	1
yet ,  countrymen ,  o ,  yet hold up your heads !	1
but i do see you’re moved .	1
hey ,  brabantio !	1
say our pleasure ,  to such whose place is under us ,  requires our quick remove from hence .	1
if signor leonato be her father ,  she would not have his head on her shoulders for all messina ,  as like him as she is .	1
everyone else ,  march on with me .	1
is't like that lead contains her ?	1
mercy but murders ,  pardoning those that kill .	1
no more of drowning, do you hear?	1
where the devil should he learn our language ?	1
and mustardseed !	1
alas, poor wretch!	1
come ,  go ,  good juliet .	1
but had he such a chain of thee or no ?	1
what time is it?	1
unto bad causes swear such creatures as men doubt .	1
as birds do ,  mother .	1
if every ducat in six thousand ducats were in six parts ,  and every part a ducat ,  i would not draw them , —i would have my bond .	1
call me but love, and i'll be new baptiz'd; henceforth i never will be romeo.	1
now bid me run ,  and i will strive with things impossible ,  yea ,  get the better of them .	1
but the whole story of the night told over ,  and all their minds changed all at the same time ,  shows more witnesses than just images of the mind ,  and grows to something of great lasting; but ,  nevertheless ,  strange and admirable .	1
go ahead .	1
thy crown does sear mine eyeballs.	1
no ,  that doesn’t follow .	1
enough; stay or get going!	1
what ,  rouse thee ,  man !	1
o holy friar ,  o ,  tell me ,  holy friar ,  where is my lady’s lord ?	1
have you no wit ,  manners ,  nor honesty but to gabble like tinkers at this time of night ?	1
i saw ’t not ,  thought it not ,  it harmed not me .	1
it sets you up for a fall .	1
do the boys carry them away?	1
o most courageous day!	1
why, there you’ve said it.	1
i hate him because he is a christian; but more, because, in his low simplicity, he lends out money free, and brings down the rate of interest with us here in venice.	1
doubtful it stood, as two spent swimmers that do cling together and choke their art.	1
i don’t know why i should be afraid ,  since i haven’t done anything wrong .	1
my lord ,  i take my leave .	1
will you, strato?	1
i am weary of this moon .	1
goodbye!	1
what do you think of me?	1
come hither, nurse.	1
i wish i had never married my daughter there!	1
a guiltless death i die.	1
pretty soul !	1
let not my worser spirit tempt me again to die before you please .	1
i think we are too bold upon your rest .	1
if he fears god ,  he must necessarily keep the peace .	1
stay ,  tybalt ,  stay !	1
are they so followed ?	1
merciful powers ,  hold me back from the cursed thoughts that nature gives way to when we sleep !	1
gentles ,  perhaps you wonder at this show; but wonder on until the truth makes all things clear .	1
for your sake ,  jewel ,  i am glad at soul i have no other child ,  because your escape would teach me tyranny ,  to hang logs on them .	1
no, sir.	1
i remember kissing her washing stick and the cow’s udders that her pretty ,  chapped hands had milked .	1
do you really speak like such a gentleman ?	1
wo ha, ho!	1
that will i ,  for i must bear answer back how you excuse my brother ,  rosalind .	1
goodbye; and ,  if my fortune is not crossed ,  i have lost a father ,  and you a daughter .	1
i’m sure i can answer for him—he doesn’t know any ,  either .	1
i hope antonio repays his loan on time ,  or he’ll suffer for this .	1
but ,  sir ,  be you ruled by me .	1
no ,  let me know; and knowing what i am ,  i know what she shall be .	1
did he receive you well ?	1
you’d better tell antonio what you heard; still, don’t tell him without warning because it may be too painful.	1
but as we often see ,  against some storm ,  a silence in the heavens ,  the rack stand still ,  the bold winds speechless ,  and the orb below as hush as death—anon the dreadful thunder doth rend the region; so ,  after pyrrhus' pause ,  aroused vengeance sets him new a - work; and never did the cyclops' hammers fall on mars's armour ,  forged for proof eterne ,  with less remorse than pyrrhus' bleeding sword now falls on priam .	1
it makes us ,  or it mars us; think on that ,  and fix most firm thy resolution .	1
thus from my lips ,  by your lips ,  my sin is purged .	1
i have known when he would have walked ten mile afoot to see a good armor ,  and now will he lie ten nights awake carving the fashion of a new doublet .	1
very well.	1
for i am sure ,  though you can guess what temperance should be ,  you know not what it is .	1
don’t worry about me not swearing enough .	1
your letters did withhold our breaking forth till we perceived both how you were wrong led and we in negligent danger .	1
i’ll give ’t him .	1
i know he holds me dear ,  but i haven’t asked him about the coronation ,  and he hasn’t told me .	1
the noise is that way.	1
while you were being overwhelmed here by your grief ,  a passion very unsuitable to such a man ,  cassio came here .	1
o, you are wise; that is certain.	1
as they pass by, pluck casca by the sleeve, and he will, after his sour fashion, tell you what hath proceeded worthy note today.	1
i'll give thee a wind .	1
if i should take a displeasure against you, look you,— you were only a lost monster.	1
these be the christian husbands .	1
it is said they ate each other.	1
the elements be kind to thee and make thy spirits all of comfort !	1
did not great julius bleed for justice' sake ?	1
the constable of france .	1
to brutus' ,  to cassius' ,  burn all .	1
o bottom ,  thou art changed !	1
bassanio told him he would make some speed of his return .	1
how dost thou ,  my good fellow ?	1
it shall do well .	1
why should she be murdered ?	1
i do not find that thou dealest justly with me.	1
o, throw away the worser part of it, and live the purer with the other half, good night—but go not to my uncle's bed.	1
god ye good - den ,  fair gentlewoman .	1
it’s the wind .	1
i will work it out, and everything will be fine, i guarantee you, wife.	1
these young children cry for clarence and so do i ,  though they don’t cry for edward ,  as i do .	1
let him command ,  and to obey shall be in me remorse ,  what bloody business ever .	1
here ,  my lord .	1
an he should ,  it were an alms to hang him .	1
who’s his lieutenant ,  do you know ?	1
out of these convertites there is much matter to be heard and learned .	1
my father loved sir rowland as his soul ,  and all the world was of my father’s mind .	1
but look thou stay not till the watch be set ,  for then thou canst not pass to mantua ,  where thou shalt live till we can find a time to blaze your marriage ,  reconcile your friends ,  beg pardon of the prince ,  and call thee back with twenty hundred thousand times more joy than thou went'st forth in lamentation .	1
no, if you strive… but half an hour!	1
good cheer ,  antonio !	1
speak, is it missing?	1
but here comes antony . —welcome ,  mark antony .	1
come ,  some music !	1
now forth ,  lord constable and princes all ,  and quickly bring us word of england’s fall .	1
but i will go out ,  for these bad omens apply to the world in general as much as they do to me .	1
what are you waiting for?	1
it is the very mistake of the moon; she comes more nearer earth than she usually does and makes men mad.	1
but please tell me ,  sir ,  is your marriage  let him do his worst .	1
you seem to understand me ,  since you each are laying a scrawny finger upon your skinny lips .	1
farewell !	1
ay ,  thou poor ghost ,  whiles memory holds a seat in this distracted globe .	1
how is the world going now, sir?	1
a most ridiculous monster, to make a a poor drunkard amazing!	1
sure thing ,  we’ll do it tomorrow morning .	1
i thank you ,  lady .	1
and your horse now would make him an ass .	1
what ,  you look amused .	1
well ,  bawd i’ll turn ,  and something lean to cutpurse of quick hand .	1
i have't.	1
praised be god ,  and not our strength ,  for it !	1
which one of you have done this?	1
how now ,  lord stanley ,  what’s the news ?	1
why was that cry?	1
thus i’ll visit her .	1
therefore let every man now task his thought ,  that this fair action may on foot be brought .	1
no ,  by my life and soul !	1
those uncles that you wish were here were dangerous .	1
i know you .	1
caesar ,  i shall .	1
caesar is sad ,  and lepidus ,  since pompey’s feast ,  as menas says ,  is troubled with the greensickness .	1
is there division between my lord and cassio ?	1
i will .	1
he is of a very melancholy disposition .	1
excuse me ,  sir . — tom’s chilly .	1
tell antony, brutus is ta'en.	1
your wives, your daughters, your matrons, and your maids, could not fill up the cistern of my lust, and my desire would overcome all international factions that did oppose my will.	1
the gown was made just as my master was directed .	1
antipholus ,  you hear how the man pleads with me .	1
for you ,  our swords have blunt edges ,  too dull to harm you ,  mark antony .	1
i’ll drink to her as long as there is a passage in my throat and drink in illyria .	1
i won’t miss a chance to send you my greetings ,  love .	1
out ,  out ,  brief candle .	1
would raise babies and clip coupons .	1
rebellious hell, if you can rebel in an old lady’s bones, then let virtue be like wax to burning youth, and melt in her own fire.	1
what is the matter ?	1
never to speak of what you have heard, swear by my sword.	1
o grace !	1
then go quickly to friar lawrence' cell; a husband waits there to make you a wife.	1
from top to toe ?	1
for what, please tell me?	1
about as old as you are ,  my lord .	1
yet hear me ,  countrymen .	1
i'll to the friar to know his remedy.	1
a most unhappy one .	1
don’t you see that i’m out of breath ?	1
you can do what you want ,  but he’s an experienced and honorable soldier .	1
keep promise ,  love .	1
give them the foils ,  young osric .	1
now i must return to the wedding .	1
jailer ,  look to him .	1
to cut my penalty from that bankrupt man over there .	1
before the time i did lysander see seemed athens as a paradise to me .	1
are all thy conquests ,  glories ,  triumphs ,  spoils ,  shrunk to this little measure ?	1
well ,  wednesday is too soon ,  make it thursday .	1
i'll call upon you ere you go to bed and tell you what i know.	1
i shall find time ,  cassius ,  i shall find time .	1
is banquo gone from court ?	1
farewell ,  kind master .	1
if it were done when ’tis done, then ’twere well it were done quickly.	1
and if he ever has a wife ,  let her be more miserable when he dies than i am now .	1
it was urgent and important enough to require his personal presence .	1
come, come, good wine is a good familiar creature, if it be well used.	1
transform your grief into anger .	1
i can only think that desdemona's honest .	1
they have letters for him .	1
i gave you all— and in good time you gave it .	1
what mercy can you give him ,  antonio ?	1
then make a circle around the corpse of caesar ,  and let me show you the man who made the will .	1
thou shalt not stir one foot to seek a foe .	1
what's the matter ?	1
my lord ,  upon the platform where we watch .	1
monster ,  i’ll kill this man .	1
well, gaoler, on:—pray god, bassanio come to see me pay his debt, and then i care not!	1
i am glad of it.	1
i did not see you since you sent me hence ,  home to the centaur with the gold you gave me .	1
o, they are our friends!	1
to be thus is nothing ,  but to be safely thus .	1
and then he drew a dial from his poke and ,  looking on it with lackluster eye ,  says very wisely ,   “ it is ten o'clock .	1
if you have any music that may not be heard ,  to ’t again .	1
i’ll flatter anyone who flatters me—though what i’ve accomplished on land cannot be denied .	1
it doesn’t matter .	1
go to sleep ,  and listen to us .	1
thanks to your majesty .	1
a pestilence on him for a mad rogue !	1
i’ll kill him !	1
how do you mean removing of him?	1
we’re off to eat and whoop it up at your father’s house .	1
where is my father?	1
for a fish without a fin ,  there’s a fowl without a feather . —   go ,  get thee gone .	1
we’ll see ,  won’t we ?	1
can your man keep a secret ?	1
come ,  let me wipe thy face .	1
my worthy cawdor!	1
were it good ?	1
where did you leave him?	1
a norman .	1
the very place puts desperate ideas ,  without any motive ,  into every brain that looks so many fathoms into the sea and hears it roar beneath .	1
so, bare your chest.	1
no such jade as you ,  if me you mean .	1
i do beseech you— though i perchance am vicious in my guess ,  as ,  i confess ,  it is my nature's plague to spy into abuses ,  and oft my jealousy shapes faults that are not—that your wisdom yet ,  from one that so imperfectly conceits ,  would take no notice ,  nor build yourself a trouble out of his scattering and unsure observance .	1
well ,  go to ,  very well .	1
all the power of his wits have given way to his impatience .	1
nature would not invest herself in such shadowing passion without some instruction .	1
oh ,  she tears that letter into a thousand small pieces and berates herself for being so forward as to write a letter to a man she knows would mock her .	1
alas, he faints!	1
hid’st thou that forehead with a golden crown where should be branded ,  if that right were right ,  the slaughter of the prince that owed that crown and the dire death of my poor sons and brothers ?	1
it’s someone with a torch !	1
by the mass ,  it is morning; pleasure and work make the hours seem short .	1
quiet !	1
do you know them ?	1
this is her very disguise, and, upon my life, fast asleep.	1
but for a fine ,  elegant ,  graceful ,  and excellent dress ,  yours is worth ten of those .	1
a very ribbon in the cap of youth, yet needful too; for youth no less becomes the light and careless livery that it wears than settled age his sables and his weeds, importing health and graveness.	1
that was good planning ,  and you’ll sleep some more .	1
we want to hear the will .	1
he constantly offends me .	1
the fair ophelia !	1
i wish my daughter were dead at my feet wearing those jewels !	1
i’m sure of that .	1
prithee ,  peace .	1
o god ,  i have an ill - divining soul .	1
that was a fine fanfare ,  boys .	1
and died so ?	1
and ,  good lieutenant ,  i think you think i love you .	1
and for the sake of those you grieve for ,  do me a favor: tell me the full story of what has happened to you and them ,  up to this point .	1
so it’s not my business that’s making me sad .	1
cannot you tell that?	1
the grey - eyed morning smiles on the frowning night ,  cutting the eastern clouds into squares with streaks of light; and the flecked darkness reels like a drunkard from the day's path and the sun’s hot rays .	1
just now, my lord.	1
give him a halter .	1
how shall that faith return again to earth ,  unless that husband send it me from heaven by leaving earth ?	1
i’m forty - eight .	1
i thank you .	1
and here’s another ,  whose warped looks proclaim what store her heart is made on .	1
these are gracious drops .	1
you don’t think you can teach her ?	1
let them play it .	1
but tell me .	1
this is what calpurnia’s dream means.	1
there’s something going on that’s not what it seems .	1
gertrude ,  he says he’s found out the reason for your son’s insanity .	1
they have letters for him.	1
but i had rather fast from all four days than drink so much in one .	1
we will go together .	1
i see a voice .	1
and even if they don’t ,  at least hero’s supposed death will stop the rumors of her infidelity .	1
ding ,  dong ,  bell .	1
but remember ,  for that's my business to you ,  that you three from milan did supplant good prospero; exposed unto the sea ,  which hath requit it ,  him and his innocent child; for which foul deed ,  the powers ,  delaying ,  not forgetting ,  have incensed the seas and shores ,  yea ,  all the creatures ,  against your peace .	1
at home ,  my lord .	1
come ,  tailor ,  let us see ’t .	1
a gentle riddance . —draw the curtains ,  go . — let all of his complexion choose me so .	1
will she still love him for chattering ?	1
as waggish boys in game themselves forswear, so the boy love is perjured everywhere; for ere demetrius look'd on hermia's eyne, he hail'd down oaths that he was only mine; and when this hail some heat from hermia felt, so he dissolv'd, and showers of oaths did melt.	1
the law hath yet another hold on you .	1
nothing but to show you how a king may go a progress through the guts of a beggar .	1
here is a letter found in the pocket of the slain roderigo ,  and here another .	1
it is worth the pains .	1
do me right ,  or i will protest your cowardice .	1
poor desdemona!	1
enough; hold ,  or cut bow - strings .	1
what a change is here !	1
i will condole in some measure . —to the rest . —yet my chief humor is for a tyrant .	1
where do you want me to go to respond to these charges ?	1
but come ,  your bergomask; let your epilogue alone .	1
ma'am ,  i’d rather— i know your lady goneril doesn’t love her husband .	1
but for the whole world ?	1
my lord sebastian ,  even though what you say is true ,  your way of saying it is tactless and comes at the wrong time .	1
but she is no virgin .	1
i’m just sorry i had to be the one to kill him .	1
upon the heath.	1
the truth will be all the inheritance you get .	1
why then ,  alas ,  do i put up that womanly defense ,  to say i have done no harm ?	1
hang our flags on the outer walls .	1
if we’re like you in everything else ,  we’ll resemble you in that respect .	1
even for that i thank you; therefore ,  i pray you ,  lead me to the caskets ,  to try my fortune .	1
will you be crowned tomorrow ?	1
no, but to live in the rotten sweat of an greasy bed, stewed in corruption, using sweet words and making love over the nasty pig sty.	1
for now ,  this fearful night ,  there is no stir or walking in the streets ,  and the complexion of the element in favor's like the work we have in hand ,  most bloody ,  fiery ,  and most terrible .	1
i tell him we shall stay here at the least a month ,  and he heartily prays some occasion may detain us longer .	1
no, my lord.	1
i will go call the watch.	1
no ,  not a chance .	1
if you do fight in safeguard of your wives ,  your wives shall welcome home the conquerors .	1
i could drown the world .	1
dear woman ,  you don’t know the rules of charity .	1
hence .	1
quarrel, sir?	1
he was the wretched’st thing when he was young ,  so long a - growing and so leisurely ,  that if this rule were true ,  he should be gracious .	1
such duty as the subject owes the prince ,  even such a woman oweth to her husband .	1
i have news ,  ma'am .	1
they drink danes under the table ,  and it takes them no effort at all to out - drink germans .	1
pray heavens he is ,  because i have served him ,  and the man commands like a full soldier .	1
is't lost ?	1
and cassio kill'd?	1
i hope he’s not anywhere so disreputable that thugs like you can find him .	1
was ’t you he rescued ?	1
kind souls, what, do you weep when you only see our caesar's clothes wounded?	1
murder ,  murder !	1
yes ,  i want it ,  and i’ll get it .	1
let it be who it is .	1
lurk out of sight .	1
wrong ,  evil traitor .	1
what will you do with ’t ,  that you have been so earnest to have me filch it ?	1
what we promise ourselves in a fit of passion, when the passion ends, so does the promise.	1
if he’s never drunk it before ,  it’ll help soothe his fever .	1
it is not for you .	1
whatever else happens tonight ,  i hope the king escapes safely !	1
and all my children ?	1
who must hang them ?	1
i chose her when i couldn’t ask my father for his advice, or didn’t think i had a father.	1
let it come down.	1
that which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet .	1
take in the top sail .	1
my lord ,  the mayor of london comes to greet you .	1
ay, my lord.	1
near to her close and consecrated bower, while she was in her dull and sleeping hour, a crew of patches, rude mechanicals, that work for bread upon athenian stalls, were met together to rehearse a play, intended for great theseus' nuptial-day.	1
i am very happy he wasn’t at this fight.	1
this avarice sticks deeper, grows with more pernicious root than summer-seeming lust, and it hath been the sword of our slain kings.	1
vouchsafe to wear this ring .	1
tell him to gather together the greatest army he can muster in a hurry and meet me right away at salisbury .	1
she is damned for it .	1
is cassius near ?	1
come .	1
well ,  i’m glad that everything has been sorted out .	1
either to die or to swear to avoid the society of men forever .	1
one doth not know how much an ill word may empoison liking .	1
i promise you ,  sir ,  the cold ,  white ,  virgin snow on my heart holds back my passion .	1
and you by land .	1
but this is trifling ,  and all the more it seeks to hide itself the bigger bulk it shows .	1
can’t you see for yourself ?	1
what's here?	1
yes ,  pilgrim—they have lips that they’re supposed to pray with .	1
come, come, you answer with an idle tongue.	1
if it will please caesar to be so good to caesar as to hear me, i shall beseech him to befriend himself.	1
i have a thing for you .	1
look thou but sweet ,  and i am proof against their enmity .	1
i'll have this knot knit up to-morrow morning.	1
i must wake you up.	1
o antony ,  beg not your death of us .	1
this disrespectful stance toward the man who is your lord ,  your king ,  your governor tarnishes your beauty the way the frosts of winter blights the land .	1
for i am he am born to tame you ,  kate ,  and bring you from a wild kate to a kate conformable as other household kates .	1
i’ll be your mirror ,  laertes .	1
what a jaunt have i had !	1
why, all these should be in the lantern; for all these are in the moon.	1
sister ,  have comfort .	1
tell me if it’s good or bad ,  and i’ll wait for the details .	1
yes ,  i am .	1
you and he are both welcome ,  sir .	1
we haven’t spoken about the torchbearers yet .	1
so shalt thou show me friendship .	1
yea ,  sir ,  we hope .	1
no ,  in spite of sense and secrecy ,  don’t open the basket on the roof ,  let the birds fly ,  and ,  like the famous ape to test conclusions ,  don’t creep into the basket and break your own neck .	1
i saw othello’s true face when i saw his mind .	1
and let him practice his music.	1
most welcome home !	1
this is a fellow of the selfsame color our sister speaks of . —come ,  bring away the stocks !	1
could you on this fair mountain leave to feed ,  and batten on this moor ?	1
his old sword, rebelling against his arm, lies where it falls, resisting his commands.	1
my wife!	1
o, horrible!	1
what should the wars do with these jigging fools ?	1
methinks i have a great desire to a bottle of hay .	1
all this done ,  repair to pompey's porch ,  where you shall find us .	1
stop it, marcellus!	1
so tell them ,  publius .	1
i would be friends with you and have your love ,  forget the shames that you have stained me with ,  supply your present wants and take no doit of usance for my moneys—and you’ll not hear me !	1
any man who knows how to write can answer a letter .	1
no ,  let me not .	1
that may be must be ,  love ,  on thursday next .	1
the lieutenant has to get to heaven before the ensign .	1
and shylock ,  for his own part ,  knew the bird was fledged; and then it is the complexion of them all to leave the dam .	1
i have some rights of memory in this kingdom, which now, to claim my vantage doth invite me.	1
most like .	1
what ,  pindarus !	1
she was a hellcat in school .	1
they did ,  fluellen .	1
before god ,  an excellent song .	1
if not ,  i’ll challenge you to a duel .	1
snout, the tinker!	1
though i wish thy death ,  i will not be the executioner .	1
go back again ,  to be beaten home again ?	1
right.	1
but your words are as sweet as honey—you’ve stolen from the bees and left them with nothing .	1
she was here even now; she haunts me in every place.	1
but come, young waverer, come go with me.	1
then fix it.	1
my lord loves you .	1
let's hide ,  my lord .	1
if it had not fallen dead flat.	1
o mischief ,  thou art swift to enter in the thoughts of desperate men !	1
i hope you will consider that what i have spoken comes from my love; but i see you're upset.	1
what concern are they ?	1
i’ll meet all your attacks ,  even if you come charging at me with a lance at full gallop .	1
unhappy fortune !	1
do you doubt i’ll write ?	1
doth my simple feature content you ?	1
oh ,  you lowlife !	1
hath she forgot already that brave prince ,  edward ,  her lord ,  whom i some three months since stabbed in my angry mood at tewkesbury ?	1
he knows me as the blind man knows the cuckoo, by the bad voice.	1
whether you are a spirit of health or a goblin damned, bringing with you airs from heaven or blasts from hell, whether your intentions are wicked or charitable, you come in such a questionable shape that i will speak to you.	1
my lord of norfolk— here ,  most gracious liege .	1
thou sure and firm-set earth, hear not my steps, which way they walk, for fear thy very stones prate of my whereabout, and take the present horror from the time, which now suits with it.	1
he leaves me to my own contentment ,  but that’s the one thing i cannot find .	1
the foul fiend bites my back .	1
and trust me, love, in my eyes, so do you.	1
how do you ,  desdemona ?	1
tut ,  there’s life in ’t ,  man .	1
you received no gold ?	1
please ,  sir ,  go: my young master expects your insult .	1
it is not day .	1
he was not merry ,  which seemed to tell them his remembrance lay in egypt with his joy ,  but between both .	1
swoons rather ,  for so bad a prayer as his was never yet for sleep .	1
you would all this time have proved there is no time for all things .	1
and i’m her father as well .	1
i have professed me thy friend ,  and i confess me knit to thy deserving with cables of perdurable toughness .	1
if that man ,  who’s made up of conflicts ,  becomes musical ,  then there must be something wrong with the universe .	1
marry ,  i would not do such a thing for a jointring ,  nor for measures of lawn ,  nor for gowns ,  petticoats ,  nor caps ,  nor any petty exhibition; but ,  for the whole world why ,  who would not make her husband a cuckold to make him a monarch ?	1
how long is that since ?	1
but if you’d be willing to shoot another arrow the same way you shot the first ,  i’ll watch your arrow more carefully this time .	1
well, be may chance to do some good on her.	1
it must be self - offense .	1
oh ,  he’s a dangerously clever boy—bold ,  quick - witted ,  capable .	1
true, worthy banquo!	1
go to bed ,  and sleep .	1
now, antony, our prayers are answered.	1
you drank it all and didn’t leave just a friendly drop to help me join you ?	1
don’t you have any sense at all ?	1
no ,  first let’s talk to him .	1
the king has been informed of all their plans ,  but they have no idea .	1
you look pale and dazed, and put on fear and make yourself wonder, to see the strange behavior of the heavens.	1
yes ,  as sparrows eagles ,  or the hare the lion .	1
go release them ,  ariel .	1
he pulls trinculo out from under caliban's cloak by the legs] thou art very trinculo indeed!	1
listen!	1
hath he provided this music ?	1
o ,  bear him out o' the air .	1
why, then the polack never will defend it.	1
is it possible for a mutt to lend three thousand ducats ?  ”  or should i bend down low ,  and in a humble and submissive voice say:	1
his name is romeo, and a montague, the only son of your great enemy.	1
sir, can you tell where he bestows himself?	1
it is a common thing— ha ?	1
i see this hath a little dash'd your spirits.	1
lulla ,  lulla ,  lullaby; lulla ,  lulla ,  lullaby .	1
how sad, for mercy!	1
madam, i'll take my leave.	1
tell him i have moved my lord on his behalf ,  and hope all will be well .	1
he’s fortified against any denial .	1
or are you just pretending ?	1
if it please his majesty ,  it is the relaxing time of day with me .	1
my master has instructed me to go to saint luke’s to tell the priest to be ready in case you should show up with your better half .	1
but yet the pity of it, iago!	1
now ,  if you are a maid ,  answer to this .	1
now.	1
holla!	1
come, seek the conspirators.	1
my remembrance is very free and clear from any image of offense done to any man .	1
fathers commonly do get their children .	1
will you speak well of him that kill'd your cousin?	1
what might import my sister’s letter to him ?	1
methinks it is like a weasel .	1
i would have stay'd till i had made you merry ,  if worthier friends had not prevented me .	1
why, that same pale hard-hearted wench, that rosaline, torments him so that he will sure run mad.	1
but i hope you have no intent to turn husband ,  have you ?	1
the fair ophelia!	1
all eyes !	1
but i mean to make my pain worth suffering, to have him look at me there and back again.	1
why, now i see there's spirit in you; and even from this instant, you build a better opinion of yourself than ever before.	1
are you honest ?	1
use it for my love some other way than swearing by it .	1
will you go on ?	1
we'll play with them ,  the first boy for a thousand ducats .	1
besides the things that we have heard and seen ,  there is a man inside recounting the most horrid sights seen by the guards .	1
and haven’t we got affections, desires for sport, and frailty, as men have?	1
sit down awhile, and let us tell you once again, you who is so stubborn in not believing our story, what we have seen these last two nights.	1
the death of antony is not a single doom .	1
macbeth has heard this news and he is so angry that he’s preparing for war .	1
i would not .	1
she is our capital demand ,  comprised within the forerank of our articles .	1
here on her breast there’s a little bloody mark .	1
i’ll ask him for my job back; he’ll tell me i am a drunkard !	1
the ears are senseless that should give us hearing to tell him his commandment is fulfill'd that rosencrantz and guildenstern are dead .	1
call my guard ,  i prithee .	1
the best ?	1
what not put upon his spongy officers ,  who shall bear the guilt of our great quell ?	1
i’ll slit the villain’s nose that would have sent me to the jail .	1
let him cry ,   “ praise and glory on his head !  ”  for forth he goes and visits all his host ,  bids them good morrow with a modest smile ,  and calls them brothers ,  friends ,  and countrymen .	1
then bring me to their sights .	1
yes ,  damn it ,  i'll be taking care of it right away .	1
nature is short in love ,  and where it is short ,  it sends some precious moment of itself close to the thing it loves .	1
o woeful ,  woeful ,  woeful day !	1
yes, faith, and all his lords, the duke of milan and his brave son being twain.	1
i have, when you have heard what i can say.	1
or was i dreaming ?	1
sailors ,  my lord ,  they say; i saw them not .	1
yes ,  and more .	1
go .	1
tis said they eat each other .	1
nay ,  very pale .	1
but fear not yet to take upon you what is yours.	1
amen ,  amen to that fair prayer ,  say i .	1
thy business ?	1
yes, the heads of maids, or their virginity.	1
to feed were best at home; from thence the sauce to meat is ceremony; meeting were bare without it.	1
if this prove a vision of the island, one dear son shall i twice lose.	1
nay, but hear me: pardon this fault, and by my soul i swear, i never more will break an oath with thee.	1
quiet, who’s coming here?	1
but if he’s resistant and chilly ,  then be like that too and break off the conversation .	1
one fairer than my love ?	1
o, ho!	1
then sure ones .	1
the enemy ,  marching along by them ,  by them shall make a fuller number up ,  come on refresh'd ,  new - added ,  and encouraged; from which advantage shall we cut him off if at philippi we do face him there ,  these people at our back .	1
no .	1
and after this i’ll be good and hope you forgive me .	1
my strange and self - abuse is the initiate fear that wants hard use .	1
i think you do; and ,  because i know you are full of love and honesty and weigh your words carefully before saying them ,  these stops of yours frighten me even more ,  because such things in a false ,  disloyal rogue are tricks of custom ,  but in a man that's just they're hidden delays ,  working from the heart ,  that passion cannot control .	1
the tempest in my mind doth from my senses take all feeling else save what beats there—filial ingratitude .	1
were you listening to these verses ?	1
it’s torture ,  and not mercy .	1
madam, not yet.	1
beggar that i am ,  i am even poor in thanks; but i thank you; and sure ,  dear friends ,  my thanks are too dear a halfpenny .	1
how beauteous mankind is !	1
caesar wrote for him to come to rome.	1
why ,  shall we turn to men ?	1
signior bassanio , — gratiano !	1
youngling ,  thou canst not love so dear as i .    graybeard ,  thy love doth freeze .	1
no ,  sir ,  their hats are pluck'd about their ears ,  and half their faces buried in their cloaks ,  that by no means i may discover them by any mark of favor .	1
but i watched and noted where cupid’s arrow fell.	1
o ,  wonderful !	1
have i waited so long to see this morning ,  only to see this ?	1
about, my brain!	1
my daughter!	1
by my holy order, i thought your disposition was of a better temper.	1
spit ,  fire !	1
pray you ,  hasten your generals after .	1
well ,  so - so .	1
but ,  let me see ,  by ten we shall have each a hundred englishmen .	1
i'th’ name of something holy sir ,  why stand you in this strange stare ?	1
this presence knows, and you must needs have heard, how i am punish'd with sore distraction.	1
come ,  come ,  come ,  come ,  give me your hand .	1
there ,  take that ,  you scoundrel !	1
in truth, i know it is a sin to be a mocker; but, he!	1
how doth the lady ?	1
alas ,  how are you ,  that you look on empty space ,  and carry on a conversation with the invisible air ?	1
if we offend you ,  it is with our good will .	1
seek none ,  conspiracy; hide it in smiles and affability; for if thou path ,  thy native semblance on ,  not erebus itself were dim enough to hide thee from prevention .	1
you shall see anon how the murderer gets the love of gonzago’s wife .	1
it is, it is!	1
he gave syria ,  cilicia ,  and phoenicia to ptolemy .	1
the will, the will!	1
he bears him like a portly gentleman, and, to say truth, verona brags of him to be a virtuous and well-govern'd youth.	1
most miserable hour that time ever saw in lasting work of his travels!	1
my husband will never get a moment’s rest ,  i’ll keep him up at night talking about you until he runs out	1
but just be patient until we’ve calmed the masses ,  who are beside themselves with fear .	1
juliet wills it so .	1
i was never curst; i have no gift at all in shrewishness; i am a right maid for my cowardice; let her not strike me .	1
there’s nothing else .	1
haply in private .	1
caesar ,  all hail !	1
snap out of your daze .	1
that’s not fair .	1
all there is thine .	1
how far is't call'd to forres?	1
she soon shall know of us ,  by some of ours ,  how honorable and how kindly we determine for her ,  for caesar cannot live to be ungentle .	1
no ,  great king .	1
so can i .	1
i’ll have nothing else except this only; and now, i think, i have a mind to have it.	1
all covered with sweet flowers, which drowned in tears went to the grave with showers of true love.	1
love give me strength !	1
you’re standing .	1
or ,  rather ,  do i not ,  in plainest truth ,  tell you i do not and cannot love you ?	1
is rome still rome ,  and does it have room enough ,  when there is in it only one man ?	1
let’s discuss it some more .	1
marry ,  our play is ,  the most lamentable comedy and most cruel death of pyramus and thisbe .	1
is that chain you’re wearing the one you promised to give to me ?	1
and the queen too ,  and that presently .	1
is there no pity sitting in the clouds that sees into the bottom of my grief ?	1
did you accompany caesar home ?	1
what ,  ho !	1
is everybody here ?	1
signor benedick !	1
what did that gentile fool say to you ,  hmmm ?	1
more than to us wait in your royal walks ,  your board ,  your bed !	1
how is your highness ?	1
that’s right .	1
this is othello's ancient ,  as i take it .	1
give me a torch .	1
i will have such revenges on you both that all the world shall—i will do such things— what they are yet i know not ,  but they shall be the terrors of the earth .	1
my dear ?	1
i sent the nurse at nine o'clock .	1
no more moving?	1
hold the friar too .	1
excellent !	1
you can’t eat capons that way .	1
weary se'nnights nine times nine shall he dwindle ,  peak ,  and pine; though his bark cannot be lost ,  yet it shall be tempest - tost .	1
oh ,  wine is the devil !	1
speak ,  hands ,  for me !	1
it is the wittiest partition that ever i heard discourse ,  my lord .	1
and will you rent our ancient love asunder, to join with men in scorning your poor friend?	1
you can give good news in many ways ,  but let bad news interpret itself as you tell it .	1
but i’ll be quiet; no more .	1
hell and night must bring this monstrous birth to the world's light .	1
nor have we herein barr'd your better wisdoms, which have freely gone with this affair along.	1
but his investments are uncertain right now .	1
my son will win .	1
i think i did ,  sir .	1
do you think so, spirit?	1
fie, you slug-abed!	1
gentlemen ,  can any of you tell me where i may find the young romeo ?	1
my dear miss chat - her - up ,  i look forward to getting to know you better .	1
would you create me new ?	1
hold you content .	1
we'll to dinner thither .	1
i think of as many things as he does ,  but i just thank heaven and don’t show off about it .	1
pray you put up your dagger, and put out your wit.	1
an if you plead as well for them as i can say  “ nay ”  to thee for myself ,  no doubt we bring it to a happy issue .	1
it may be worth thy pains ,  for i can sing and speak to him in many sorts of music that will allow me very worth his service .	1
most beautiful pagan , —most sweet jew !	1
madam, it is, as long as you are pleased with the rest of it.	1
i will .	1
her name is portia ,  nothing undervalued to cato’s daughter ,  brutus' portia .	1
how is it, michael, that you have forgotten yourself?	1
could you feed on this fair mountain ,  and glut yourself on this swamp ?	1
i’ll tell you everything exactly as it happened .	1
nay, he will answer the letter's master, how he dares, being dared.	1
so you shall .	1
farewell ,  good neighbor .	1
and o you mortal engines, whose rude throats the immortal jove's dread clamors counterfeit, farewell!	1
i dare damnation .	1
why then ,  can one desire too much of a good thing ? — come ,  sister ,  you shall be the priest and marry us . —give me your hand ,  orlando . —what do you say ,  sister ?	1
will you think so?	1
i, thus neglecting worldly ends, all dedicated to closeness and the bettering of my mind with that which, but by being so retired, o'er prized all popular rate, in my false brother awakened an evil nature; and my trust, like a good parent, did beget of him a falsehood, in its contrary as great as my trust was, which had indeed no limit, a confidence sans bound.	1
but there is two hard things; that is, to bring the moonlight into a chamber; for, you know, pyramus and thisbe meet by moonlight.	1
go to francis seacole ,  the constable of the watch .	1
ay ,  my lord .	1
my lord ,  you don’t need to apologize .	1
horses are tied by the heads ,  dogs and bears by the neck ,  monkeys by the loins ,  and men by the legs .	1
look you, sir, inquire me first what danskers are in paris, and how, and who, what means, and where they keep, what company, at what expense; and finding by this encompassment and drift of question that they do know my son, come you more nearer than your particular demands will touch it.	1
he’s somewhere between boy and man .	1
anon he finds him, striking too short at greeks.	1
if we should fail ?	1
thy slander hath gone through and through her heart ,  and she lies buried with her ancestors ,  oh ,  in a tomb where never scandal slept save this of hers ,  framed by thy villainy .	1
i pray you ,  tell it .	1
is he standing or sitting ?	1
have we devils here ?	1
those uncles which you want were dangerous .	1
hurry ,  gentle jew .	1
no ,  but listen to me: pardon this fault ,  and ,  by my soul ,  i swear i will never again break an oath made to you .	1
heaven's face glows— yes ,  this solid and compound body with a trustful face— as against the end of the world ,  is sickened by the thought of the act .	1
ha!	1
what sayest thou ,  biondello ?	1
mark me .	1
where are these bloody thieves?	1
we are very sorry for it .	1
no ,  i am promised forth .	1
well ,  you are to call at all the alehouses and bid those that are drunk get them to bed .	1
and you’ve come at a good time ,  so you can convey my greetings to the senators and tell them i won’t come today .	1
well ,  let that rest .	1
tell us what hath chanced today that caesar looks so sad .	1
then i must be your lady; but i also know that, when you have stolen away from fairy-land, and, taking the shape of corin, the shepherd, you have sat all day, playing on pipes of corn, and speaking love poems to amorous phillida.	1
i will give out divers schedules of my beauty .	1
ay ,  springes to catch woodcocks .	1
a sail ,  a sail !	1
stand close awhile, for here comes one in haste.	1
but thou art not quickly moved to strike.	1
a very unhappy one.	1
why then i think cassio's an honest man.	1
don’t be quick to pick a fight ,  but once you’re in one ,  hold your own .	1
so what if he loves your hermia?	1
pointing to caliban] this is a strange thing as e'er i [pointing to caliban] this is a strange thing as e'er i look'd on.	1
do you know me ,  my lord ?	1
where is that messenger ?	1
had you your sanity, and you persuaded me to revenge, it couldn’t move like this.	1
so maybe slander, whose whisper covers the entire world as surely as the cannon hits its target and delivers his poisoned shot, may miss our name, and not amount to anything at all.	1
and time is at his period .	1
tis he .	1
you are welcome: take your place.	1
my lord, i won’t.	1
for god’s sake ,  send some other messenger .	1
sleep rock thy brain ,  and never come mischance between us twain !	1
i shall remember .	1
this ’greed upon to part with unhacked edges and bear back our targes undinted .	1
i'ld have thee live ,  for ,  in my sense ,  'tis happiness to die .	1
another hit .	1
whose grave is this, sir?	1
antonio and old shylock, both stand forth.	1
promise me life ,  and i’ll confess the truth .	1
difficult to question ,  but ,  when we ask for something ,  he is most free in his reply .	1
let me see you dance .	1
well then ,  don’t bother .	1
by your leave, sir.	1
fast work and a little luck are all i need . —brother ,  could i have a word with you ?	1
all hail ,  great master !	1
follow!	1
what’s the matter ?	1
why ,  to put ’s head in—not to give it away to his daughters and leave his horns without a case .	1
who calls so loud ?	1
on the platform, between eleven and twelve, i’ll visit you.	1
i wish i could sleep too—it would stop me from thinking .	1
what else can i say ?	1
listen but speak not to ’t .	1
i will roar so well that it will do any man's heart good to hear me; i will roar so well that i will make the duke say ,   “ let him roar again ,  let him roar again .  ”  if you should do it too terribly ,  you would so frighten the duchess and the ladies ,  that they would scream; and that would be enough to hang us all .	1
i hereby grant your request ,  and hope you have a good time .	1
by the eighth hour .	1
sleeping and waking ,  o ,  defend me still !	1
men, wives, and children stare, cry out, and run, as it were doomsday.	1
sweet marjoram .	1
i hate him so much it makes me sick ,  and whoever can ruin his happiness will make me happy .	1
anything that’s mended is but patched .	1
he would be a brave monster indeed ,  if they were set in his tail .	1
by mary, that “marry” is what i want to talk about.	1
what wicked and lying mirror of mine made me compare my eyes with hermia's?	1
then move not while my prayer's effect i take .	1
this play is the image of a murder done in vienna.	1
upon my life ,  by some device or other the villain is o'erraught of all my money .	1
the air is sweet and appeals to my refined senses .	1
have you questioned him at all?	1
please go back to goneril’s house .	1
goblin, lead them up and down.	1
o ,  i am spoil'd ,  undone by villains !	1
i will to egypt .	1
why did you leave the dining hall?	1
being thus benetted round with villainies— or i could make a prologue to my brains ,  they had begun the play—i sat me down ,  devised a new commission ,  wrote it fair .	1
oh ,  how ripe your lips are ,  those kissing cherries grow tempting !	1
let all the soldiers come down.	1
go ,  hurry .	1
he may not, as unvalued persons do, carve for himself; for on his choice depends the safety and health of this whole state, and therefore must his choice be circumscribed unto the voice and yielding of that body whereof he is the head.	1
i’ll let you get away with skipping the praise .	1
you can do better yet ,  but this is meetly .	1
help ,  my lord of norfolk ,  help ,  help !	1
god's bodykins ,  man ,  much better !	1
but i can tell why a snail has a house .	1
none but that ugly evil of mistrust, which makes me fear the enjoying of my love: there may as well be friendship and life between snow and fire as evil and my love.	1
kind souls ,  what ,  do you weep when you only see our caesar's clothes wounded ?	1
a man of great influence .	1
tunis was never graced before with such a paragon to their queen .	1
where is my romeo ?	1
words without thoughts never to heaven go .	1
well ,  if you were never at court ,  you were never exposed to good manners; if you never witnessed good manners ,  your manners must be wicked; wickedness is a sin ,  and committing sins leads to damnation .	1
welcome ,  good cambio .	1
woe ,  alas !	1
i will work it out ,  and everything will be fine ,  i guarantee you ,  wife .	1
look you ,  these are the holes to cover .	1
i mean ,  my lord ,  the opposition of your person in trial .	1
who called for you?	1
is ’t so ,  indeed .	1
stop hollering ,  man !	1
he still hasn’t told us about the captain .	1
this was a bad beginning of the night .	1
i have forgotten why i called you back.	1
will either of you bear me a challenge to him ?	1
sheep pens are empty in the middle of the flooded fields ,  and the crows get fat from eating the dead bodies of infected sheep .	1
indeed, my lord, you made me believe so.	1
if ever thou come to me and say ,  after tomorrow ,   “ this is my glove ,  ”  by this hand i will take thee a box on the ear .	1
here’s lucentio ,  right son to the right vincentio ,  that have by marriage made thy daughter mine while counterfeit supposes bleared thine eyne .	1
and why not the swift foot of time ?	1
there it is .	1
my mistress here lies murdered in her bed— no ,  heaven forbid !	1
confess” and “love” have been the very sum of my confession: oh, happy torment, when my torturer teaches me answers for escape from evil!	1
what ?	1
calmly ,  good laertes .	1
i don’t think it would be wise to let mark antony ,  whom caesar is so fond of ,  outlive caesar .	1
what find i here ?	1
let me argue with you about your situation.	1
i know not why he comes .	1
what will you do?	1
tis a hooded valor ,  and when it appears ,  it will bate .	1
you wrong'd yourself to write in such a case.	1
nay ,  lay thee down and roar ,  for thou hast killed the sweetest innocent that e'er did lift up eye .	1
it was kent ,  sir ,  the exiled kent ,  who ,  after the king treated him like an enemy of the state ,  put on a disguise and followed his king ,  carrying out tasks unworthy of even a slave .	1
is it a custom ?	1
ready.	1
then why did you travel so quietly ?	1
he took me by the wrist and held me hard; then goes he to the length of all his arm, and, with his other hand thus o'er his brow, he falls to such perusal of my face as he would draw it.	1
i can tell you it will serve you to mend your shoes .	1
the west yet glimmers with some streaks of day; now spurs the lated traveller apace to gain the timely inn, and near approaches the subject of our watch.	1
and how was that one settled ?	1
i promise you ,  my soul is very jocund in the remembrance of so fair a dream .	1
those who have done this deed are honorable .	1
no ,  my lord .	1
hear my excuse .	1
what sense had i in her stol'n hours of lust ?	1
i really believe your cousin was falsely accused .	1
no mind that's honest but in it shares some woe, though the main part pertains to you alone.	1
content you ,  gentlemen .	1
don’t be afraid of what i think.	1
all is lost !	1
here comes the noble antony .	1
i will follow you .	1
kill him rather than let him leave this room .	1
good night ,  good night .	1
madam, madam, madam!	1
will you let him ,  my lord ?	1
a beast ,  no more .	1
yes, by mary, they are, sir.	1
look, love, what jealous streaks of sunlight lace the parting clouds over there in the east.	1
these fellows have some soul; and someone like that is how i am.	1
if you'll come to supper tonight, you may; if you will not, come when you are next ready to.	1
go make you ready.	1
doth not the gentleman deserve as full as fortunate a bed as ever beatrice shall couch upon ?	1
all springs reduce their currents to mine eyes ,  that i ,  being governed by the watery moon ,  may send forth plenteous tears to drown the world .	1
well .	1
as i remember ,  this should be the house .	1
all hail ,  macbeth !	1
no more words .	1
hamlet ,  this pearl is thine; here's to thy health .	1
o, there has been a lot of bashing of brains going on.	1
i’d heard about my brother’s plan and have been subtly trying to change his mind ,  but he’s determined .	1
hark !	1
let’s not stay here with them .	1
or are we both on drugs ?	1
that’s the truth ,  sir .	1
oh ,  my daughter !	1
am i really like one of those guys ?	1
canst work i' the earth so fast ?	1
i had as lief be wooed of a snail .	1
yes ,  by mary ,  go ,  i tell you ,  and have him come here .	1
the service and the loyalty i owe ,  in doing it ,  pays itself .	1
so to most noble caesar .	1
but make amends now.	1
the scripture says adam digged.	1
what did your song predict, lady?	1
out o'th’ moon, i do assure thee: i was the man i'th’ moon when time was.	1
ah, what an unkind hour is guilty of this lamentable chance!	1
have the excavators stopped work ?	1
the very best at a beast, my lord, that ever i saw.	1
your lordship speaks most infallibly of him .	1
here therefore for a while i will remain .	1
can vengeance be pursued any further than death?	1
it would be better if you took attendance ,  man by man ,  according to the list .	1
now ,  my lord ,  what are we going to do if we find that lord hastings won’t go along with our plans ?	1
now ,  my dear friend ,  what lucky wind blows you in from verona ?	1
come ,  uncle exeter ,  enter harfleur .	1
and mine, a hundred and forty.	1
it will but skin and film the ulcerous place, whiles rank corruption, mining all within, infects unseen.	1
a common slave—you’d know him well by sight— held up his left hand, which flamed and burned like twenty torches all together, and yet his hand, not feeling any fire, wasn’t even scorched.	1
i’ll play the housewife for this once .	1
for ,  by my faith ,  i cannot reason .	1
gracious my lord, i should report that which i say i saw, but know not how to do it.	1
well, keep me company but two years more, thou shalt not know the sound of thine own tongue.	1
sblood ,  an arrant traitor as any ’s in the universal world ,  or in france ,  or in england !	1
but where was this ?	1
i have said .	1
yes ,  and you dared caesar to fight the battle at pharsalia ,  where he fought against pompey .	1
come apace ,  good audrey .	1
there’s music coming out of thin air .	1
you cannot speak of reason to the dane, and lose your voice.	1
here comes another jew: we cannot match them, unless the devil himself turn jew.	1
this is the silliest stuff that ever i heard .	1
his sword ,  which was declining on the milky head of reverend priam ,  seem'd i' the air to stick .	1
believe not so.	1
when caesar says  “ do this ,  ”  it is done .	1
none in the world; i don’t know the man .	1
i pray you ,  father ,  being weak ,  seem so .	1
there’s no true drop of blood in him to be truly touched with love .	1
thank you .	1
i’m not in a joking mood .	1
didn’t you hear a noise?	1
the morning is coming .	1
where is he ?	1
oh ,  don’t touch me .	1
no, sir, i did not give the finger to you, sir, but i did give the finger.	1
oh ,  if you only knew how close to success you are ,  even while you make fun of what i’m telling you !	1
tweaks me by the nose?	1
both of you know banquo was your enemy .	1
my lady has a white hand ,  and the myrmidons are no bottle - ale houses .	1
why are you frowning like that ?	1
the old rooster.	1
what are you doing?	1
yet am i noble as the adversary i come to cope withal .	1
how did you dare to trade and traffic with macbeth in riddles and affairs of death; and i, the mistress of your charms, the close contriver of all harms, was never call'd to bear my part, or show the glory of our art?	1
madam ,  oh ,  good empress !	1
i can’t talk now .	1
what a pestilent knave is this same !	1
to all, our thanks.	1
alas ,  you misunderstood everything !	1
break out ,  civil war erupts ,  kings are betrayed ,  and the bond between father and son snaps .	1
i promise you i scarcely know myself .	1
no doubt ,  but you may be going about it the wrong way—neighbor ,  this gift is very gracious ,  i’m sure .	1
i never did deny it .	1
would it were mortal poison for thy sake .	1
i have to pretend to threaten you with my sword .	1
what cheer ?	1
so again, goodnight.	1
why, then may you leave a casement of the great chamber window, where we play, open; and the moon may shine in at the casement.	1
god rest you merry ,  sir .	1
i have a rumor of fire, that i would gladly spread, before this news puts the fire out.	1
what’s that ,  you runt ?	1
how then ?	1
i know a lot about the love women can feel for men .	1
in my schooldays, when i had lost one shaft, i shot his fellow of the self-same flight the self-same way, with more advised watch, to find the other forth; and by adventuring both i oft found both: i urge this childhood proof, because what follows is pure innocence.	1
call the clotpoll back .	1
i am glad on ’t .	1
so ,  what hour of comfort have i ever had in your company ?	1
woo’t tear thyself ?	1
how are you ,  good lord ?	1
lieutenant ,  -  - sir ,  -  - montano ,  -  - gentlemen ,  -  -  have you forgot all place of sense and duty ?	1
confusion has now made his masterpiece!	1
where’s the queen ?	1
let me see .	1
danger knows full well that caesar is more dangerous than he.	1
no, this my hand will rather the multitudinous seas incarnadine, making the green one red.	1
certainly .	1
the king and queen and all are coming down.	1
about it ,  and write  “ happy ”  when thou’st done .	1
romeo's a dish cloth compared to him .	1
i am dumb.	1
that he hath a neighbourly charity in him; for he borrowed a box of the ear of the englishman ,  and swore he would pay him again when he was able: i think the frenchman became his surety ,  and sealed under for another .	1
all these old witnesses—i cannot err— tell me thou art my son antipholus .	1
o most happy hour !	1
farewell .	1
one speak for both:—what would you?	1
no ,  if you’re ever late like this again ,  i’ll refuse to see you .	1
wherever we go ,  men will smile at us while hiding daggers .	1
after a little time ,  i’ll beat him too .	1
forget to think of her .	1
no, madam; we have cull'd such necessaries as are behoveful for our state to-morrow.	1
farewell ,  farewell !	1
can i go home when my heart is here?	1
not where he eats ,  but where he is eaten .	1
each new morn new widows howl ,  new orphans cry ,  new sorrows strike heaven on the face ,  that it resounds as if it felt with scotland and yelled out like syllable of dolor .	1
well ,  well .	1
i swear by the sun that when i leave here ,  it will be as your faithful servant .	1
which one of you all will now deny to dance ?	1
o, think'st thou we shall ever meet again?	1
i’ll write down what she says ,  so i’ll remember it better .	1
and this same progeny of evils comes from our debate ,  from our dissension .	1
thou shall present me as an eunuch to him .	1
ha !	1
wilt thou do this?	1
he hasn’t arrived yet .	1
not that i don’t love you.	1
this is beyond weird .	1
i was never cursed; i have no gift at all in being a fighter; i am a right maid for my cowardice; don’t let her strike me.	1
my brother and thy uncle, called antonio— i pray thee mark me, that a brother should be so perfidious—he whom next thyself of all the world i loved, and to him put the manage of my state; as at that time through all the signories it was the first, and prospero the prime duke, being so reputed in dignity, and for the liberal arts without a parallel; those being all my study, the government i cast upon my brother, and to my state grew stranger, being transported and rapt in secret studies.	1
who's here?	1
the clock hath stricken three .	1
go then and muster men ,  but leave behind your son george stanley .	1
i will ,  my lord .	1
most gracious duke ,  to my unfolding lend your prosperous ear .	1
what ?	1
hark, a word with you.	1
before the debt is paid ?	1
you have my consent .	1
welcome ,  my good friends .	1
i'll have this marriage done tomorrow morning.	1
he plans to leave tomorrow .	1
but i didn’t want you to think that i’m hasty in my emotions .	1
but who are you ?	1
get to the point now .	1
don’t swear at all; or if you will, swear by your own gracious self, which is the god that i worship, and i'll believe you.	1
when he needs what you have glean'd, it is but squeezing you and, sponge, you shall be dry again.	1
that's my noble master!	1
what is't that moves your highness?	1
i saw the duchess of milan’s gown that they praise so .	1
knock ,  knock ,  knock !	1
how the sailing ship leaves her native port like a youngster or a spendthrift hugged and embraced by the prostitute wind !	1
why ,  madam ,  have i offered you my love only to be flouted in front of the king ?	1
alas ,  good cassio !	1
i’m sorry .	1
with that i kiss your hand and call you my queen .	1
i long to die if what thou speak'st speak not of remedy .	1
oh bottom ,  you are changed !	1
no drugs or sleeping pills will ever give you the restful sleep that you had last night .	1
i have a man's mind ,  but a woman's might .	1
you told us of some suit .	1
what is the news ?	1
tranio ,  i saw her coral - pink lips move and perfume the air with her breath .	1
what does the tyrant ?	1
work on ,  my medicine ,  work !	1
oh ,  farewell !	1
it’s come again .	1
what’s the matter with thee now ?	1
another yet !	1
if this letter doesn’t make him fight ,  i don’t know what will .	1
god will revenge it .	1
you have killed a sweet lady ,  and her death shall fall heavy on you .	1
fly ,  masters !	1
murder, murder!	1
you’re competing for	1
well, just say it, sir.	1
he’s still sharp when it comes to carrying out a bold or noble enterprise ,  though he puts on this show of stupidity .	1
this disease is beyond my practice .	1
romeo!	1
what will you give us?	1
i have it ready for thee; here it is .	1
but you’d still be gorgeous even if you were as proud as the devil .	1
o cousin ,  cousin !	1
what have you found ?	1
you have disrupted the fun ,  broken up a good party ,  with very admirable chaos .	1
i do serve you in this business .	1
widow dido!	1
the more my prayer ,  the lesser is my grace .	1
you shall find me apt enough to that ,  sir ,  an you will give me occasion .	1
noble antony ,  even illness couldn’t keep me away .	1
then by your side no bed - room me deny ,  for lying so ,  hermia ,  i do not lie .	1
the earth hath swallowed all my hopes but she; she is the hopeful lady of my earth .	1
these are old wives’ tales to make fools laugh in the alehouse.	1
follow my voice; we'll try no manhood here.	1
god bless your grace !	1
on him ,  on him !	1
my master is grown quarrelsome .	1
do you know them ?	1
and he did bid us to follow him to the temple ,  didn’t he ?	1
the food that to him now is as luscious as locusts, shall be to him shortly as acerb as the coloquintida.	1
dove - feathered raven !	1
he who survives this day and lives to see old age shall yearly entertain his neighbors on the eve ,  saying ,   “ tomorrow is	1
it was ,  as i have seen it in his life ,  a sable silvered .	1
hear me ,  good brother .	1
i pray now ,  keep below .	1
swagger?	1
strike ,  i say !	1
goodbye to my happiness !	1
i won’t trouble you so much as to wake you .	1
he’s coming ,  madam; but in very strange manner .	1
now i see ’tis true; for the blood - bolter'd banquo smiles upon me ,  and points at them for his .	1
i’ve been tricked .	1
there’s comfort yet; they are assailable .	1
what ,  are they children ?	1
ah ha, my mistresses!	1
my brother gloucester’s voice . —ay ,  i know thy errand .	1
madam ,  yond young fellow swears he will speak with you .	1
the prayers of holy saints and wrongèd souls ,  like high - reared bulwarks ,  stand before our faces .	1
but, my lord, his majesty asked me to tell you that he has placed a great wager on your head.	1
i’ll leave you ,  lady .	1
i pray you.	1
it has to be of mild, tender, and delicate climate.	1
i feel my stomach squeezing up against my heart .	1
can i bear that with patience ,  and not my husband’s secrets ?	1
here comes the prince and claudio hastily .	1
come now, my sweet bianca!	1
alas ,  what ignorant sin have i committed ?	1
come, a passionate speech.	1
my brother’s love ,  the devil ,  and my rage .	1
kind sister ,  thanks .	1
come down ,  brother .	1
now i see that all three have gotten together to design this false joke in spite of me .	1
my own flesh and blood turned against me !	1
but what am i afraid of ?	1
and if i were king of it ,  you know what i’d do ?	1
those charms, your eyes, are erased from my heart; your bed, lust-stained, shall be spotted with lust's blood.	1
tis true my brother's daughter's queen of tunis; so is she heir of naples; ’twixt which regions there is some space.	1
are these ,  i pray you ,  wind instruments ?	1
yes ,  i am .	1
dry up your tears ,  and stick your rosemary on this fair corpse; and ,  as the custom is ,  in all her best array ,  carry her to church ,  because ,  although foolish nature bids us all to grieve ,  still nature's tears are sanity's happiness .	1
she hath forsworn to love ,  and in that vow do i live dead that live to tell it now .	1
they shall, nerissa; but in such a costume that they’ll think we are finished with that we don’t have.	1
what about that ?	1
where is kind hastings ?	1
well .	1
what is it, laertes?	1
evidence enough to deceive the prince ,  anger claudio ,  ruin hero ,  and kill leonato .	1
i remember the story .	1
i was sure that you hadn’t given it to me .	1
beware the ides of march .	1
divinity of hell !	1
can i justifiably and in good conscience make this claim ?	1
where do i dwell ?	1
good my lord !	1
what, pindarus!	1
the king ,  the king's to blame .	1
is your master coming ?	1
for not alone the death of fulvia ,  with more urgent touches ,  do strongly speak to us ,  but the letters too of many our contriving friends in rome petition us at home .	1
that were a kind of bastard hope, indeed; so, the sins of my mother should be visited upon me.	1
and second father this lady makes him to me .	1
are you sure we’re talking about what we’ve seen here?	1
reputation is an idle and very false burden, often got without merit and lost without being deserved.	1
he unlocks the golden casket] [he unlocks the golden casket] o hell !	1
what for, my lord?	1
enough; stay or get going !	1
i charge you ,  go with me .	1
bastard, arrogant noisemaker, we’re less afraid to be drowned than you are.	1
well ,  good night .	1
i look down towards his feet; but that's a fable.	1
bottom !	1
excuse me .	1
if you were men ,  as men you are in show ,  you would not use a gentle lady so: to vow ,  and swear ,  and superpraise my parts ,  when i am sure you hate me with your hearts .	1
he speaks well .	1
that’s most certain ,  and with you .	1
cursed be thy stones for thus deceiving me !	1
at your noble pleasure .	1
how came he mad?	1
you’re mistaken .	1
and ,  as he fell ,  did romeo turn and fly .	1
with all my heart, sir.	1
shall we not ,  sir andrew ?	1
if you'll sit down, i'll carry your logs the while.	1
where i have learnt me to repent the sin of disobedient opposition to you and your behests ,  and am enjoin'd by holy laurence to fall prostrate here to beg your pardon .	1
my master is the great rich capulet; and if you be not of the house of montagues ,  i pray ,  come and crush a cup of wine .	1
come on ,  then .	1
i am sorry that with better heed and judgment i had not quoted him .	1
here comes the lady .	1
still ,  it is the plague of great men ,  they have fewer choices than common men; it is an unshakeable destiny ,  like death .	1
look, how he gets caesar’s attention.	1
o banquo ,  banquo !	1
until that happens ,  let me be who i am and don’t try to change me .	1
is supper ready ?	1
alas ,  he's mad !	1
pardon this fault ,  and by my soul i swear i never more will break an oath with thee .	1
the lady is waking up .	1
boy ,  your words can’t excuse the harm you’ve done to me .	1
forswear it ,  sight !	1
and when you saw his chariot appear, haven’t you made one great big shout that was so loud the tiber river trembled underneath her banks to hear the echo of your sounds that bounced off her hollow shores?	1
what misadventure is so early up that calls our person from our morning rest ?	1
when this advice i give is free and honest ,  calculated to his thinking ,  and ,  indeed ,  the way to win the moor again ?	1
where am i going ?	1
how comes this trick upon him ?	1
i’m very glad about that .	1
tell him to greet the king of england with our sharp defiance .	1
therefore ,  fair hermia ,  question your desires ,  know of your youth ,  examine well your blood ,  whether ,  if you yield not to your father's choice ,  you can endure the livery of a nun ,  for aye to be in shady cloister mew'd ,  to live a barren sister all your life ,  chanting faint hymns to the cold fruitless moon .	1
sleep dwell upon thine eyes ,  peace in thy breast .	1
it is neither here nor there .	1
o ,  where is romeo ?	1
what in your own part can you say to this ?	1
we’re ready for both ,  my lord .	1
we'll hear a play to - morrow .	1
truly, sir, in respect of a fine worker, i’m only, as you would say a cobbler.	1
i wonder if titania be awaked; then ,  what it was that next came in her eye ,  which she must dote on in extremity .	1
then you didn’t see his face ?	1
with whom ?	1
treachery !	1
about the ninth hour ,  lady .	1
then plainly to her tell my loving tale .	1
is all the counsel that we two have shared ,  the sisters' vows ,  the hours that we have spent when we have chid the hasty - footed time for parting us—oh ,  is it all forgot ?	1
lysander riddles very prettily.	1
in troth ,  i think thou wouldst not .	1
nay ,  you must name his name ,  and half his face must be seen through the lion’s neck .	1
why didn’t they destroy us then and there?	1
be it so ,  i do desire no more .	1
i’ll go to the antipodes for any little errand you can think of .	1
oh ,  villainous !	1
be it so, lysander: find you out a bed, for i upon this bank will rest my head.	1
i have done .	1
madam ,  how like you this play ?	1
come ,  you are too severe a moraler .	1
is thy master stirring ?	1
for this idiotic love is like a great natural fool that runs lolling up and down to hide his toy in a hole .	1
i tell thee she is; therefore make her grave straight.	1
let’s get away ,  tybalt .	1
you look like you have something more to say .	1
lack of trust in good success has done this deed .	1
i have no long spoon .	1
not that i know of .	1
the muffled queen ”  ?	1
thou shalt be free.	1
the gods forbid !	1
but please ,  tell him how well i faked a faint .	1
i'll fall down flat; maybe he won’t notice me .	1
and what hope is that ,  i pray thee ?	1
you have my friendship .	1
not so sick ,  my lord ,  as she is troubled with thick - coming fancies that keep her from her rest .	1
if we imagine no worse of them than they imagine of themselves ,  they may pass for excellent men .	1
how now ,  my noble friend ?	1
tut, dun's the brownish color of a mouse, the constable's own word.	1
repent but you that you shall lose your friend ,  and he repents not that he pays your debt .	1
if it were any other… it’s only that, i guarantee it.	1
signor brabantio ,  hey !	1
so all hail ,  macbeth and banquo !	1
prithee ,  who is ’t that thou mean’st ?	1
why ,  i beg you ?	1
i think thou art in mind ,  and so am i .  nay ,  master ,  both in mind and in my shape .	1
the man that hath no music in himself ,  nor is not mov'd with concord of sweet sounds ,  is fit for treasons ,  stratagems ,  and spoils; the motions of his spirit are dull as night ,  and his affections dark as erebus: let no such man be trusted . —mark the music .	1
and they have conspired together; i’ll not say you shall see a party, but if you do, then it was not for nothing that my nose started bleeding on last black monday at six o'clock in the morning, falling out that year on ash-wednesday was four years in the afternoon.	1
if she do ,  he’ll smile and take ’t for a great favor .	1
double ,  double toil and trouble ,  fire burn ,  and cauldron bubble .	1
noses ,  ears ,  and lips .	1
sir ,  grieve not you; you are welcome notwithstanding .	1
mark antony is in your tents ,  my lord .	1
i knew your father .	1
for i ne'er saw true beauty till this night .	1
how !	1
why should he stay whom love presses to go?	1
promising favors ?	1
bring me a father that so loved his child ,  whose joy of her is overwhelmed like mine ,  and bid him speak of patience .	1
if thou hast slain lysander in his sleep ,  being o'er shoes in blood ,  plunge in the deep ,  and kill me too .	1
o, that that earth, which kept the world in awe should patch a wall to expel the winter's flaw!	1
i thank his grace .	1
god pardon those who are responsible for clarence’s troubles .	1
your houses!	1
what ho ,  the emperor’s guard !	1
my sword, i say!	1
phoebe ,  keep your promise to marry me ,  and to marry this shepherd if you choose to refuse me .	1
oh ,  the world hath not a sweeter creature ,  she might lie by an emperor’s side and command him tasks .	1
no ,  for i hold him to be unworthy of his place that does those things .	1
bad times ?	1
you lie ,  you nasty ,  ungrateful thing !	1
are all the rest returning?	1
this broken joint between you and her husband entreat her to splinter; and ,  my fortunes against any lay worth naming ,  this crack of your love shall grow stronger than it was before .	1
who are you ?	1
i will here, shroud till the dregs of the storm be past.	1
what news with you ,  sir ?	1
eros ,  my young friend ,  your captain is now just like that cloud .	1
dark night ,  that from the eye his function takes ,  the ear more quick of apprehension makes .	1
that shows thou art unconfirmed .	1
to sebastian] his word is more than the miraculous [to sebastian] his word is more than the miraculous harp.	1
and so i am ,  i am .	1
tis since the earthquake now eleven years; and she was wean'd (i never shall forget it), of all the days of the year, upon that day; for i had then laid wormwood to my dug, sitting in the sun under the dovehouse wall.	1
i shall grow jealous of you shortly, launcelot, if you thus get my wife into corners.	1
where would othello go ? —oh ,  look at you !	1
i cannot bid you bid my daughter live— that were impossible—but ,  i pray you both ,  possess the people in messina here how innocent she died .	1
i am very glad to see you ,  signior; welcome to cyprus .	1
you have good judgment in horsemanship .	1
wife ,  children ,  servants ,  all that could be found .	1
well, sir, we will not.	1
second ,  he must make a will here in this court that leaves all his property to his son - in - law lorenzo and his daughter when he dies .	1
to what effect ?	1
dolor comes to him ,  indeed .	1
i mean in singing .	1
yes ,  faith ,  and all his lords ,  the duke of milan and his brave son being twain .	1
i hoped you would have been my hamlet's wife ,  i thought to have decorated your bride - bed ,  sweet maid ,  and not your grave .	1
for falstaff ,  he is dead ,  and we must earn therefore .	1
but if the gods themselves did see her then ,  when she saw pyrrhus make malicious sport in mincing with his sword her husband's limbs ,  the instant burst of clamour that she made unless things mortal move them not at all would have made milch the burning eyes of heaven and passion in the gods .	1
how did you learn about this ?	1
calm down ,  smulkin ,  you fiend !	1
thanks for your pains.	1
you shall have letters from me to some friends that will sweep your way for you .	1
o brave new world ,  that has such people in ’t !	1
i’d like to sing my song solo .	1
ariel sings in gonzalo's ear] [ariel sings in gonzalo's ear] while you here do snoring lie ,  open - eyed conspiracy his time doth take .	1
proud can i never be of what i hate, but thankful even for hate that is meant love.	1
yes ,  ”  said my husband ,   ” you fell on your face ?	1
where is my mother ?	1
give me a kiss .	1
give me thy hand ,  roderigo .	1
because you gave me something for nothing .	1
i am a gentleman of a company .	1
o ,  yes ,  and soundless too ,  for you have stol'n their buzzing ,  antony ,  and very wisely threat before you sting .	1
if she punishes you ,  master ,  she’s sure to punish me .	1
antipholus ,  aren’t you originally from corinth ?	1
i' th' mire .	1
you cannot, sir, take from me anything that i will more willingly part withal—except my life, except my life, except my life.	1
and the more pity that great folk should have countenance in this world to drown or hang themselves more than another christian.	1
this nothing's more than matter .	1
you’ve heard something you shouldn’t have .	1
it was ourself thou didst abuse .	1
i'll tell my husband ,  launcelot ,  what you say; here he comes .	1
she’s crying .	1
one sorrow walks on the heels of another ,  following too fast .	1
i wouldn’t insult him in my own house for all the wealth in this town .	1
portia!	1
aside] it goes just the way, i see, that my soul wants it.—spirit, fine spirit!	1
it fell on a little western flower ,  which used to be white as milk but now has turned purple from being wounded by the arrow of love .	1
tunis was never graced before with anything equal to their queen.	1
nurse, commend me to thy lady and mistress.	1
say thou but ‘i,’ and that bare vowel ‘i’ shall poison more than the death-darting eye of cockatrice.	1
my brother shall know of it.	1
in kent ,  my liege ,  the guilfords are in arms ,  and every hour more competitors flock to the rebels ,  and their power grows strong .	1
i shall ,  king harry .	1
how does the queen ?	1
come on ,  nerissa ,  i have work in hand that you yet know not of .	1
yes ,  a prophet !	1
now, mother, what's the matter?	1
yes she has ,  and by keeping celibate ,  she wastes her beauty .	1
the general cause ?	1
let me say first ,  madam ,  that he is well .	1
let me see his eyes ,  that ,  when i note another man like him ,  i may avoid him .	1
if there be any in this assembly, any dear friend of caesar's, to him i say that brutus' love to caesar was no less than his.	1
nay ,  but who is it ?	1
counterfeit ?	1
if you have lost him, why, i have lost him too.	1
some of your french crowns have no hair at all, and then you will play barefaced.	1
where’s the necklace ?	1
tis true .	1
all?	1
here is my son, sir, a poor boy— not a poor boy, sir, but the rich jew's man, that would, sir,—as my father shall specify— he has a great infection, sir, as one would say, to serve— indeed the short and the long is, i serve the jew, and have a desire, as my father shall specify— his master and he, god save you, sir, are almost like cousins— to be brief, the very truth is that the jew, having done me wrong, causes me,—as my father, being i hope an old man, shall frutify to you— i have here a dish of doves that i wish to give you, sir; and what i want is— in very brief, what he asks is impertinent to myself, as you, sir, shall know from this honest old man; and, though i say it, though old man, yet poor man, my father.	1
this is the very ecstasy of love ,  whose violent property fordoes itself and leads the will to desperate undertakings as oft as any passion under heaven that does afflict our natures .	1
take a few steps—i want to see you walk .	1
oh ,  tranio ,  what a cruel father he is .	1
yes ,  it doth shine that night .	1
you were sent for ,  and there is a kind of confession in your looks which your modesties have not craft enough to color .	1
isn’t my jacket ,  sir ,  as fresh as the first day i wore it ?	1
i cry thee mercy ,  then ,  for i did think that thou hadst called me all these bitter names .	1
a deed without a name .	1
he certainly is .	1
look ,  look !	1
i would we were well rid of this knavery .	1
what about it ?	1
gertrude ,  do not drink .	1
what music ?	1
she was a vixen when she went to school .	1
it waves me forth again .	1
you lie, abhorred tyrant; with my sword i'll prove the lie you speak.	1
gave it a judge's clerk !	1
i will not trouble thee ,  my child .	1
keep an eye on cinna .	1
why ,  then ,  'tis hers ,  my lord ,  and being hers ,  she may ,  i think ,  bestow't on any man .	1
good morning ,  caesar .	1
no, not to live.	1
what does that mean, my lord?	1
how long has she been like this ?	1
within an hour ,  one of my men will come to you behind the abbey wall and give you a rope ladder .	1
this ghost is more strange than such a murder is.	1
it's true ,  good lieutenant .	1
come ,  what says romeo ?	1
get you to bed on th' instant ,  i will be returned forthwith .	1
good night, good night!	1
o ,  he lights too .	1
go !	1
is he well shipp'd?	1
bear hence this body and attend our will .	1
my brains are injured .	1
take care of the lady .	1
i’m off to venice to buy outfits for the wedding .	1
this was an enterprise ,  sir ,  that jacob worked for; a thing that was not in his power to bring to pass ,  but swayed and fashioned by the hand of heaven .	1
canst thou remember a time before we came unto this cell?	1
but ,  look ,  the morning ,  dressed in a red cape ,  walks over the dew of that high hill in the east .	1
i’m telling you this story for a reason .	1
but fish not with this melancholy bait for this fool gudgeon ,  this opinion . — come ,  good lorenzo . —fare ye well awhile .	1
then hear me ,  gracious sovereign ,  and you peers that owe yourselves ,  your lives ,  and services to this imperial throne .	1
let's do it ,  i beg you ,  and i know exactly where we shall easily find him .	1
shall i not then be stifled in the vault ,  to whose foul mouth no healthsome air breathes in ,  and there die strangled ere my romeo comes ?	1
i can tell you ,  but  “ young ”  romeo will be older when you have found him than he was when you asked for him .	1
how does your patient, doctor?	1
now ,  if thou wert a poet ,  i might have some hope thou didst feign .	1
who builds stronger than a mason ,  a ship -  wright ,  or a carpenter ?	1
he hath no friends but who are friends for fear .	1
nothing ,  my lord .	1
no ,  not a grize .	1
there’s still a bit of daylight in the sky .	1
behold it stained with his most noble blood .	1
but ,  if you swear ,  you may prove false .	1
quickly ,  tell me how .	1
what’s going on ,  rosalind ?	1
good signior ,  you shall more command with years than with your weapons .	1
good love ,  call him back .	1
and it’s a wonder that he’s late, because lovers always keep ahead of the clock.	1
when the sun sets the air doth drizzle dew ,  but for the sunset of my brother's son it rains downright .	1
are you talking ,  you villain ?	1
it is enacted in the laws of venice , — if it be proved against an alien that by direct or indirect attempts he seek the life of any citizen ,  the party 'gainst the which he doth contrive ,  shall seize one half his goods; the other half comes to the privy coffer of the state; and the offender's life lies in the mercy of the duke only ,  'gainst all other voice .	1
we must be patient.	1
how ,  the nonpareil !	1
just opposite to what you justly seem, a damned saint, an honorable villain!	1
i cry you mercy ,  uncle . —by your grace’s pardon .	1
listen up ,  uncle .	1
where's peasblossom?	1
what do you think about it ?	1
i have inly wept ,  or should have spoke ere this .	1
faith, you'll be sick to-morrow for this night's watching.	1
kind gentlemen ,  i won’t forget the trouble you’ve taken for me whenever i think of this day .	1
quick ,  quick .	1
pray you ,  tell me this; if he should break his day ,  what should i gain by the exaction of the forfeiture ?	1
we shall be the more marketable . —bonjour ,  monsieur le beau .	1
adieu .	1
what then ,  sick ?	1
is the worst well ?	1
could my good brother - in - law—a man to whom the	1
the law allows it ,  and the court awards it .	1
if our father carry authority with such dispositions as he bears ,  this last surrender of his will but offend us .	1
i denied you not .	1
there is but one mind in all these men, and it is bent against caesar.	1
it is .	1
i will advise him to speak as he usually does .	1
yes indeed .	1
this night.	1
both with an  ah ,  mocker ,  that’s the dog’s name .	1
god pardon sin!	1
and you shall speak in the same pulpit whereto i am going ,  after my speech is ended .	1
what’s this man’s reputation like here in the city ?	1
i am a spirit ,  yes ,  since i have a soul .	1
a really good exploit ,  a manly enterprise ,  to bring up tears in a poor maid's eyes with your insults !	1
how many months do you desire ?	1
more strange than true.	1
but regarding what happened between us ,  don’t ask—i can’t tell you .	1
what is he for a fool that betroths himself to unquietness ?	1
you make me so happy .	1
cool it with a baboon’s blood ,  then the charm is firm and good .	1
murder ,  murder !	1
what ,  ho ,  horatio !	1
isn’t that the reason you told me all this ?	1
have him come to me here ,  soldier .	1
yes ,  mother ,  but i wish i hadn’t .	1
come, go with me.	1
alas, alas!	1
believe me, love, it was the nightingale.	1
here comes sir oliver . —sir oliver martext ,  you are well met .	1
what concern they?	1
methinks they are such a gentle nation that ,  but for the mountain of mad flesh	1
earth's increase, plenty of feasting, barns and storage for game never empty; vines growing with clustering bunches of grapes; plants bowing with heavy loads of fruit ; spring come to you as long as possible, even to the very end of harvest!	1
come ,  last of my friends ,  rest on this rock .	1
you embrace your charge too willingly .	1
then it’s banquo's.	1
capulet ,  montage ,  see what a scourge is laid upon your hate ,  that heaven finds means to kill your joys with love !	1
but dead they are ,  and devilish slave ,  by thee .	1
hear antony ,  most noble antony !	1
please, be my god.	1
be good enough to take back the same answer i gave before .	1
we’re all lost !	1
what three things does drink especially provoke ?	1
help !	1
my husband say that she was false!	1
the man is notwithstanding sufficient .	1
why ,  what an ass am i !	1
fie ,  for shame !	1
the english force ,  so please you .	1
so shall you have a shorter journey to your desires by the means i shall then have to prefer them ,  and the impediment most profitably removed ,  with -  out the which there were no expectation of our prosperity .	1
don’t you know me ,  father ?	1
oh ,  lord !	1
season your admiration for a while with an attent ear ,  till i may deliver upon the witness of these gentlemen ,  this marvel to you .	1
little ”  again ?	1
so, we'll have some half a dozen friends, and that’ll be it.	1
is ’t possible ?	1
why do you care that he loves hermia ?	1
where is montjoy the herald ?	1
would i were satisfied !	1
will you come presently ?	1
alack, where are you?	1
our fate depends on this chance .	1
say what you’re here for .	1
and then he was offered it the third time; he pushed it aside the third time ,  and still ,  as he refused it ,  the crowd shouted ,  and clapped their rough hands ,  and threw their sweaty night hats into the air ,  and uttered such a great deal of stinking breath because caesar refused the crown ,  that the smell almost choked caesar ,  because he fainted and fell down from it .	1
why, there thou say'st!	1
all thy tediousness on me ,  ah ?	1
keep going ,  keep going ,  or i’ll declare myself the winner .	1
question it, horatio.	1
very near ,  my master .	1
you’re this poor and wretched and still afraid to die ?	1
eat .	1
they are, my lord, outside the palace gate.	1
a velvet dish !	1
and hippolyta.	1
tis torture ,  and not mercy .	1
oh night, which ever is when day is not!	1
is that his answer ?	1
and so adieu ,  sir .	1
two weeks and a couple of days.	1
come ,  let's do so; for every minute is expectancy of more arrivance .	1
let him be caesar.	1
there’s no darkness except ignorance ,  and you’re more ignorant than the egyptians during the plague of fog .	1
we took this mattock and this spade from him as he was coming from this churchyard side .	1
alive in triumph—and mercutio slain !	1
have you forgotten her ?	1
we have been up and down to seek him.	1
followed you on your sad wanderings ,  ever since your bad luck began .	1
oh ,  i wish she knew how much i love her .	1
tell your master there is no sound basis for his worries .	1
my advocation is not now in tune; my lord is not my lord ,  nor should i know him were he in favor as in humor alter'd .	1
cassio not killed !	1
wherefore rise you now ?	1
sir ,  i will walk here in the hall .	1
until then, goodbye, and keep this holy kiss.	1
there are the players .	1
lights, lights, lights!	1
o me!	1
your wife, my lord, your true and loyal wife.	1
say not so ,  agrippa .	1
the service and the loyalty i owe, in doing it, pays itself.	1
saw you him today ?	1
keep my cups full and treat me as you did when my empire was one of your fellow servants ,  obeying my commands .	1
come ,  sir ,  to finish up with you .	1
peace, and be still!	1
kind gentlemen ,  let's go see poor cassio dress'd .	1
what, is my daughter gone to friar laurence?	1
all because of what happened to that brat rutland ?	1
stand not amaz'd.	1
well ,  god bless this marriage !	1
do you see yonder cloud that's almost in shape of a camel ?	1
an upright judge, a learned judge!	1
where are lysander and fair hermia ?	1
ay ,  if messala will prefer me to you .	1
we haven’t made a good preparation .	1
most sweet lady— a comfortable doctrine ,  and much may be said of it .	1
if thou beest prospero ,  give us particulars of thy preservation; how thou hast met us here ,  who three hours since were wrecked upon this shore; where i have lost— how sharp the point of this remembrance is ! — my dear son ferdinand .	1
i am the drudge ,  and toil in your delight; but you shall bear the burden soon at night .	1
peter quince— what sayest thou ,  bully bottom ?	1
brother of gloucester ,  you mistake the matter .	1
there, take it, prince, and if my picture lies there, then i am yours.	1
here are more of us.	1
he’s married to octavia .	1
what ,  must our voices be ignored ?	1
by this marriage ,  all little jealousies ,  which now seem great ,  and all great fears ,  which now import their dangers ,  would then be nothing .	1
i'll not believe't .	1
i’ll be nice to him .	1
ensign ,  what is he doing here ?	1
it’s good that you don’t know that you’re his heirs; because if you did, o, what would happen!	1
these blazes, daughter, giving more light than heat, dead in both, even in their promises, dying as they are being made, must not be taken for real fire.	1
o banquo, banquo!	1
cousins ,  i hope the days are near at hand that chambers will be safe .	1
i know his trumpet.	1
in that case ,  if i can wear a mask ,  let me play thisbe too !	1
so, slave, hence!	1
but if these events ,  as i’m sure they do ,  bear fire enough to kindle cowards ,  and to harden the melting spirits of women with valor ,  then ,  countrymen ,  what do we need any other motivation except our own causeto prod us to revenge ?	1
heaven bless us !	1
oh ,  well ,  stay till then !	1
look it’s coming again!	1
my dear?	1
but ,  alas ,  caesar must bleed for it .	1
when we shall meet at compt this look of thine will hurl my soul from heaven and fiends will snatch at it .	1
i must eat my dinner .	1
by the mass ,  well said; a merry bastard ,  ha !	1
the more i love him ,  the more he hates me .	1
let them be well used, for they are the short stories and brief history of the time.	1
so ,  possessing neither a voice nor a heart for flattery ,  i can’t awaken the spirit of love in her so as to make him appear in his true likeness .	1
what demi - god hath come so near creation ?	1
more of this matter cannot i report .	1
nature is fine in love, and where 'tis fine, it sends some precious instance of itself after the thing it loves.	1
i prithee ,  strato ,  stay thou by thy lord .	1
you will lose this wager ,  my lord .	1
could you not take some occasion without giving?	1
caesar doth bear me hard ,  but he loves brutus .	1
rust inside my body and let me die .	1
i’m coming ,  my lord .	1
your servant kent .	1
but do not go with it !	1
no boasting like a fool, this deed i'll do before i change my mind.	1
but what do say you to thursday ?	1
oh painful day ,  oh painful day !	1
don’t give it away .	1
myself have to mine own turn'd enemy .	1
yes ,  sir ,  mend you .	1
i’ll to the throng .	1
the venom of such looks ,  we fairly hope ,  have lost their quality ,  and that this day shall change all griefs and quarrels into love .	1
let me see the county.	1
this is the air ,  that is the glorious sun .	1
what ,  master ,  read you ?	1
go ,  nurse ,  go with her .	1
now mark him ,  he begins again to speak .	1
thou hast got more hair on thy chin than dobbin my phill-horse has on his tail.	1
o sir ,  pardon me !	1
my king, they haven’t come back yet.	1
my dearest coz ,  i pray you ,  school yourself .	1
it is not yet near day .	1
if i ever see it ,  i will challenge you .	1
the sun was not so true unto the day as he to me .	1
make an attempt .	1
he is about it: the doors are open, and the surfeited grooms do mock their charge with snores: i have drugg'd their possets, that death and nature do contend about them, whether they live or die.	1
lady ,  shall i lie in your lap ?	1
this might be my lord so - and - so ,  that praised my lord such - and - such's horse when he meant to ask for it ,  might it not ?	1
or are you only a dagger of the mind, a false creation, proceeding from the brain oppressed by heat?	1
it is my lady .	1
o ,  what cause have i ,  thine being but a moiety of my moan ,  to overgo thy woes and drown thy cries !	1
you stopped me .	1
my soul is full of confusion and sorrow .	1
what is the matter ,  ho ?	1
ay, my lord, i would know that.	1
away !	1
in algiers ,  sir .	1
caius ligarius doth bear caesar hard, who rated him for speaking well of pompey.	1
oh ,  dear gods !	1
directly.	1
unless you could teach me to forget a banished father ,  you must not learn me how to remember any extraordinary pleasure .	1
he embraces gonzalo] [he embraces gonzalo] whither this be or be not ,  i'll not swear .	1
therefore my sadness is without limit .	1
for 'tis most easy the inclining desdemona to subdue in any honest suit.	1
alas ,  my liege ,  my wife is dead tonight .	1
gratiano ,  keep the house ,  and seize upon the fortunes of the moor ,  for they succeed on you .	1
i must hear from you every hour of the day, because there are many days in just one minute.	1
but, look, amazement sits on your mother’s face.	1
up, up, and see the great doom's image!	1
poor bird !	1
such as she says my lord did say i was .	1
let us do so ,  for we are at the stake ,  and bay'd about with many enemies; and some that smile have in their hearts ,  i fear ,  millions of mischiefs .	1
o earth !	1
please ,  i beg you ,  don’t scold me .	1
on tuesday last a falcon towering in her pride of place was by a mousing owl hawk'd at and kill'd .	1
alack ,  what trouble was i then to you !	1
she was too good for me .	1
will you speak well of him that killed your cousin ?	1
and just in time ,  here he comes with sir richard ratcliffe .	1
why do you address me by his name ?	1
ok ,  so that’s the way the game goes .	1
i am sorry that i was wrong about him .	1
but what do you say to my request ?	1
if you do love me, tell me what you were thinking.	1
then antony offered it the third time .	1
the rabble call him lord; and, as the world were now but to begin, antiquity forgot, custom not known— the ratifiers and props of every word— they cry 'choose we!	1
the ambassadors from norway, my good lord, are joyfully return'd.	1
have not saints lips ,  and holy palmers too ?	1
fierce ,  fiery warriors fought in the clouds in the usual formations of war—ranks and squadrons—until the clouds drizzled blood onto the capitol .	1
and i.	1
put on your nightgown .	1
my lord, you must tell us where the body is and go with us to the king.	1
no ,  most likely .	1
twill be a storm .	1
why ,  get you gone !	1
where are the wicked beginners of this fight?	1
am i in france ?	1
when ?	1
don pedro is approached .	1
what?	1
yare ,  yare ,  good iras ,  quick .	1
in the mud .	1
thou but rememberest me of mine own conception .	1
are they likely to get dusty ?	1
he made you for a highway to my bed; but i ,  a maid ,  die maiden - widowed .	1
the glowworm’s light is beginning to fade ,  so morning is near .	1
no ,  nothing .	1
therefore my son i'th’ ooze is bedded, and i'll seek him deeper than e'er plummet sounded, and with him there lie mudded.	1
o valiant cousin !	1
so it is on earth .	1
there's no trust, no faith, no honesty in men; all perjur'd, all forsworn, all naught, all dissemblers.	1
how now ?	1
what said he when he came to ?	1
can i have some ?	1
since his majesty went into the field ,  i have seen her rise from her bed ,  throw her nightgown upon her ,  unlock her closet ,  take forth paper ,  fold it ,  write upon ’t ,  read it ,  afterwards seal it ,  and again return to bed; yet all this while in a most fast sleep .	1
here in the tent .	1
oh ,  has it come to this ?	1
so get out of here !	1
he, fast of foot, outran me; and i returned because that i heard the clink and fall of swords, and cassio swearing loudly; which, until tonight, i never saw him do before.	1
o ,  let the heavens give him defense against the elements ,  for i have lost him on a dangerous sea .	1
imagine ,  me ,  a drunk !	1
lucius ,  a bowl of wine !	1
if that’s not the case ,  then this must be the answer: you ,  romeo ,  have not been to bed tonight .	1
don’t hurt me .	1
thy brutus bid me give it thee ,  and i will do his bidding .	1
whence are you ,  sir ?	1
here ,  horrible shadow !	1
here is the money .	1
if you agree with my opinion, when it is time, it’ll be more honor for you.	1
and be a happy mother by the deed .	1
but i’m wishing for something i already have .	1
dreamer ,  speak once in your life ,  if you are a good dreamer .	1
we’re not getting any younger .	1
dispatch . —enobarbus !	1
i wish you had my bones ,  and i had your news .	1
his soldiership is twice the other twain .	1
our jailers will shrivel up with old age before they make us cry again .	1
perhaps a woman’s voice may do some good when some small detail proves to be holding things up .	1
the lady of the strachy married the yeoman of the wardrobe .	1
but by the grace of god ,  she’s mine .	1
the clock struck nine when i did send the nurse; in half an hour she promis'd to return .	1
well ,  she’ll be there .	1
anon, good nurse!	1
didn’t you say he lied?	1
now, infidel, i have you at a disadvantage.	1
do me no foul play ,  friends .	1
madam ,  i wish it may .	1
then leave her ,  sir .	1
danger knows full well that caesar is more dangerous than he.	1
i needs must wake her .	1
i could marry you there ,  gentle hermia ,  where the strict laws of athens can’t touch us .	1
a most nasty monster !	1
i stay here on my bond .	1
heaven keep that monster from othello's mind !	1
i beseech thee, youth, put not another sin upon my head by urging me to fury.	1
between who ?	1
my worthy lord, your noble friends do lack you.	1
he’s not here .	1
what shall i do ?	1
nymph ,  in thy orisons be all my sins remembered .	1
let me go in to see the generals.	1
i think about it, i think, i smell it ; o villainy!	1
now that i think about the danger of these knights ,  if you come to stay with me ,  please bring no more than twenty - five of them with you .	1
there is no world without verona walls, but purgatory, torture, hell itself.	1
they did so ,  to the amazement of mine eyes that look'd upon't .	1
to adrian] methinks our garments are now as fresh as [to adrian] methinks our garments are now as fresh as when we put them on first in afric ,  at the marriage of the king's fair daughter claribel to the king of tunis .	1
antonio ,  i married a woman as dear to me as life itself .	1
the strings, my lord, are false.	1
yes ,  go ahead and moan ,  because you killed the sweetest ,  most innocent woman who ever lived !	1
earth's increase, foison plenty, barns and garners never empty, vines and clust'ring bunches growing, plants and goodly burden bowing; spring come to you at the farthest in the very end of harvest!	1
what it should be ,  more than his father’s death ,  that thus hath put him so much from th' understanding of himself ,  i cannot dream of .	1
i will, my lord.	1
and will she love him still for prating ?	1
answer me directly .	1
may i speak with antonio ?	1
avaunt !	1
oh ,  no .	1
i hope you will consider what is spoke comes from my love.	1
sir ,  he may live .	1
who’s calling for me?	1
look ,  your wife is with him .	1
sue to him again ,  and he's yours .	1
know you not he has ?	1
i have no ambition to see a goodlier man .	1
o ,  a cherubin thou wast that did preserve me .	1
glance at my credit with hippolyta ,  didst thou not lead him through the glimmering night from perigouna ,  whom he ravishèd ?	1
he’ll stay as long as i say .	1
did he beg my pardon ?	1
this book in many girls' eyes shares the glory ,  that with gold clips locks in the golden story; so you will share all that he possesses ,  by having him ,  you are doing no less than making yourself .	1
a plague o’ both your houses!	1
only i say things have been strangely borne .	1
again !	1
knock ,  sir ?	1
four days will quickly steep themselves in night; four nights will quickly dream away the time; and then the moon, like to a silver bow new-bent in heaven, shall behold the night of our solemnities.	1
have them come in .	1
give thy thoughts no tongue ,  nor any unproportioned thought his act .	1
it’s unbelievable .	1
sir ,  sir ,  that cannot be .	1
whose do you think it was?	1
be  conrade !	1
well ,  let’s get out of here and tell macbeth what we did accomplish .	1
my name is pistol .	1
those that with haste will make a mighty fire begin it with weak straws .	1
this bodiless creation is very cunning in imagination .	1
i have told you often, and i’ll tell you again and again, i hate the moor.	1
mine ache to think on ’t .	1
i hope ,  in no place so unsanctified where such as thou mayst find him .	1
the nephew to old norway, fortinbras.	1
the wolves have finished preying for the night ,  and look—the gentle dawn is rising ,  dappling the sleepy eastern sky with spots of light .	1
more than anything else in the world ,  i love you ,  value you ,  and honor you .	1
and so falls it out with rivers ,  vaughan ,  grey; and so ’twill do with some men else that think themselves as safe as thou and i ,  who ,  as thou know’st ,  are dear to princely richard and to buckingham .	1
i don’t understand what you mean by this.	1
if this hadn’t been a gentlewoman, she should have been buried without a christian burial.	1
you coward, are you bragging to the stars, telling the bushes that you look for wars, but will not fight one?	1
you may, indeed, say so, because it was that hand that gave away my heart.	1
so ,  may the gods protect you and change the hearts of the romans so that they turn and give you their support .	1
yes ,  cassius ,  and from henceforth ,  when you are overearnest with your brutus ,  he'll think your mother chides ,  and leave you so .	1
strike!	1
i have no hope that he's not drowned .	1
halt !	1
all right ,  now i’m starting to lose my cool .	1
then weigh what loss your honour may sustain if with too credent ear you list his songs, or lose your heart, or your chaste treasure open to his unmast'red importunity.	1
let this pernicious hour stand aye accursed in the calendar!	1
but yet for all that ,  an if she did not hate him deadly ,  she would love him dearly .	1
i slept well ,  ate well ,  and was happy .	1
why ,  your lieutenant ,  cassio .	1
get you gone and hasten your return .	1
by my head ,  here comes the capulets .	1
unkindness may do much, and his unkindness may defeat my life, but never taint my love.	1
my wife killed too ?	1
just let me say one prayer !	1
good evening ,  fair gentlewoman .	1
well ,  sir ,  my mistress is the sweetest lady .	1
oh ,  when she had writ it and was reading it over ,  she found  “ benedick ”  and  “ beatrice ”  between the sheet ?	1
thank you .	1
hail ,  mortal .	1
this might be my lord such - a -  one ,  that praised my lord such - a - one's horse when he meant to beg it ,  might it not ?	1
when fools cry ,  you remain stony .	1
i have a wife whom, i protest, i love; i wish she were in heaven, so she could beg some power to change this currish jew.	1
there they go ,  silver !	1
give them way till he take leave ,  and presently after him .	1
yes, you would argue for a score of kingdoms, and i would call it fair play.	1
if there’s any reason we shouldn’t get married ,  i urge you to tell me .	1
quiet !	1
o ,  shut the door !	1
list ,  list ,  o ,  list !	1
it fills me with fear and wonder .	1
i pity you .	1
ay ,  with a twink .	1
very well ,  my lord .	1
the what ?	1
thus, sir: although this lord of weak remembrance, this, who shall be of as little memory when he is earth'd, hath here almost persuaded— for he's a spirit of persuasion, only professes to persuade—the king his son's alive, ’tis as impossible that he's undrowned as he that sleeps here swims.	1
happy is hermia ,  wheresoe'er she lies ,  for she hath blessed and attractive eyes .	1
o happy dagger !	1
my quaint ariel ,  hark in thine ear .	1
you shall be king.	1
some heavenly power guide us out of this fearful country !	1
good my liege— peace ,  kent .	1
you shall mark many a duteous and knee - crooking knave that (doting on his own obsequious bondage) wears out his time much like his master’s ass for naught but provender ,  and when he’s old ,  cashiered .	1
no ,  not for venice .	1
no .	1
should not upbraid our course .	1
what soldiers ,  whey - face ?	1
i have a daughter .	1
what say’st thou ,  noble heart ?	1
two such opposed kings set up camp in man, as well as in herbs, grace and rude will; and where the worse human trait is predominant, the canker death eats up that plant very soon.	1
then confess what treason there is mingled with your love .	1
hark !	1
cesario ,  come here .	1
roundly replied .	1
i am about it; but ,  indeed ,  my imagination comes from my head as bird trap does from cloth ,  it plucks out brains and all .	1
take your time .	1
you smiled ,  instilled with strength from heaven ,  when i have covered the sea with salty tears ,  groaning under my load ,  which raised in me a new strength ,  to put with whatever should follow .	1
have you writ down that they are none ?	1
i wish it might ,  for now i am your fool .	1
from this time forth i never will speak word .	1
that villain cousin would have kill'd my husband .	1
young men will do't if they come to't by cock ,  they are to blame .	1
but, sure, the bravery of his grief did put me into a towering passion.	1
this is dear mercy, and thou seest it not.	1
great dunsinane he strongly fortifies .	1
there ,  give it your hobby - horse .	1
i must to the learned.	1
i’m afraid he will beat me.	1
my lord, what is your will?	1
if we do meet again ,  we'll smile indeed; if not ,  it’s true this parting was the right thing to do .	1
listen to the situation and the event; then tell me if this might be a brother .	1
very disgusting in the morning when he is sober, and most disgusting in the afternoon when he is drunk: when he is best, he is a little worse than a man, and when he is worst, he is little better than a beast.	1
and now you cry ,  even though she has risen up above the clouds ,  as high as heaven itself ?	1
be assured ,  good cassio ,  i will do all i can in your behalf .	1
i would take nine years to kill him .	1
i wish you all the comfort that such a dark night as this can offer ,  noble father - in - law .	1
the sound is going away .	1
bite him to death, i prithee.	1
or if thou follow me ,  do not believe but i shall do thee mischief in the wood .	1
if the heavens had been pleased ,  would we had so ended !	1
but ,  in the beaten way of friendship ,  what are you doing at elsinore ?	1
believe me ,  my friend ,  since i have the power to stop the prosecutors .	1
i slept with cassio lately, and, being troubled with a raging tooth, i could not sleep.	1
where's the master?	1
what !	1
to know my errand ,  madam .	1
o most pernicious woman!	1
you do surely bar the door upon your own liberty, if you deny your griefs to your friend.	1
by providence divine .	1
what devil are you that torments me like this ?	1
that same villain romeo .	1
how now ,  good cassio !	1
so you’re saying you’re not a whore ?	1
give me audience ,  good madam .	1
dost thou not suspect my years ?	1
give me that mattock and the wrenching iron .	1
in any case ,  let thisbe have clean linen; and don’t let him that plays the lion cut his nails ,  because they shall hang out for the lion's claws .	1
dear master ,  i can go no further .	1
cassio shall have my place .	1
let’s think ’t unsafe to come in to the cry without more help .	1
and when shalt thou see him again ?	1
i’ll send goblins out at night to work their nasty deeds on you .	1
i doubt some danger does approach you nearly .	1
dost thou believe ,  orlando ,  that the boy can do all this that he hath promisèd ?	1
and love doesn’t have good judgment either—cupid ,  has wings and no eyes ,  so he’s bound to be reckless and hasty .	1
i’ll bet my life that he only wrote this letter to gauge my love for you ,  and for no other reason .	1
some bloody passion shakes your very frame .	1
what profane wretch art thou ?	1
i’ll hold my mind were she an ethiope .	1
therefore ,  tremble with fear and leave .	1
but when exactly will we see benedick married ?	1
well ,         aren’t i right ,  jephthah ,  old man ?	1
no, no; he's gone.	1
wakes) when my cue comes, call me, and i will answer.	1
i know his trumpet .	1
and must they all be hanged that swear and lie ?	1
so how’s my nephew hamlet doing ?	1
liar and slave!	1
o god ,  she comes !	1
faith ,  here's an equivocator that could swear in both the scales against either scale ,  who committed treason enough for god's sake ,  yet could not equivocate to heaven .	1
you are now out of your text .	1
wish i could say the same .	1
to whom, my lord?	1
we still have known thee for a holy man.	1
i don’t know ,  sir .	1
unwilling ,  i agreed .	1
well ,  i’ll get my revenge .	1
stay ,  and speak !	1
the next bit of good news is that our ship—which we gave up for ruined only three hours ago—is as well - outfitted and seaworthy as it was when we first set sail .	1
where should she be ?	1
they’re speaking to him .	1
you were best to call them generally ,  man by man ,  according to the scrip .	1
come, my spade!	1
are you answered?	1
the players cannot keep counsel .	1
my husband said that she was unfaithful!	1
what is this?	1
cousin of buckingham ,  a word with you .	1
caesar hanged him for this service .	1
think you but that i know our state secure ,  i would be so triumphant as i am ?	1
an if he hear thee, thou wilt anger him.	1
i long to die if what thou speak'st speak not of remedy.	1
eyes ,  look out for the last time !	1
you’re right .	1
well ,  my dread lord—so must i call you now .	1
for my lord lackbeard there ,  he and i shall meet ,  and till then peace be with him .	1
no, my dear'st love, i would not for the world.	1
what, art thou drawn among these heartless hinds?	1
so please you ,  he is here at the door and importunes access to you .	1
my brave spirit !	1
nay ,  had i power ,  i should pour the sweet milk of concord into hell ,  uproar the universal peace ,  confound all unity on earth .	1
fare you well ,  my dove !	1
how i adore on you !	1
yes ,  sir ,  but not when i’m enraged .	1
therefore be cheered .	1
would you had never seen him !	1
you weep for him to my face ?	1
from now until then seems like twenty years .	1
believe me ,  king of shadows ,  i mistook .	1
i left no ring with her .	1
yes, more.	1
it’s a messenger from the warships .	1
sure he hath killed his wife .	1
whatever antony shall speak ,  i’ll formerly declare that he speaks with our permission and that we are happy that caesar shall have all true rights and lawful ceremonies .	1
i’d wager twenty times as much on my wife .	1
then here comes one with light to open the tomb ,  and ,  by - and - by ,  my master drew his sword on him; and then i ran away to call the guards .	1
have you importun'd him by any means ?	1
down !	1
the drop of affliction often causes doubt about all the virtues they have to men’s own disgrace .	1
he says he’ll come .	1
and do you now put on your best attire?	1
sovereign, here lies count paris slain, and romeo dead, and juliet, who was dead before, no warm and newly killed.	1
the same indeed; a very valiant fellow .	1
so do i ,  his .	1
what do you mean ,  beside yourself ?	1
ready to go, but never to return.	1
what ,  is my daughter gone to friar laurence ?	1
if you shall send them word you will not come, their minds may change.	1
what enterprise ,  popilius ?	1
as i came down ?	1
in such a night as this ,  when the sweet wind did gently kiss the trees and they did make no noise ,  in such a night troilus methinks mounted the trojan walls and sighed his soul toward the grecian tents where cressid lay that night .	1
but she is now the wife of marcus antonius .	1
you’re not conquered .	1
to the spirits] well done!	1
upon the stroke of ten .	1
come hither ,  come !	1
don’t get wound up ,  my good man .	1
and buried ,  noble tyrrel ?	1
now ,  by my mother’s son ,  and that’s myself ,  it shall be moon ,  or star ,  or what i list ,  or e'er i journey to your father’s house .	1
if you can love a man of this temperament ,  kate ,  whose face a sunburn wouldn’t make any worse and who never looks in the mirror to admire himself ,  let your eye improve me .	1
sweet ,  sweet ,  sweet nurse ,  tell me ,  what did my love romeo say ?	1
no ,  my lord ,  rather with anger .	1
come here .	1
let us rather hold fast the mortal sword, and like good men bestride our downfall'n birthdom.	1
that is done ,  sir; they have all stomachs .	1
bring thou the master to the citadel .	1
pretty!	1
you have among you many a purchased slave ,  which—like your asses and your dogs and mules— you use in abject and in slavish parts because you bought them .	1
you are welcome .	1
a daniel come to judgment!	1
let her not walk in the sun.	1
here it is .	1
i think you are .	1
there lies the man ,  slain by young romeo ,  that slew thy kinsman ,  brave mercutio .	1
the object poisons sight; let it be hid.	1
you’re going to ask me why i’d rather have a pound of decaying flesh than three thousand ducats .	1
how did you come here ?	1
if you weren’t my brother ,  i’d leave this hand of mine on your neck until i’d pulled out your tongue for talking like this .	1
damn that toby !	1
so i won’t choose what many men desire ,  because i won’t jump on the bandwagon and include myself with the whole crude population .	1
this may have seemed like the pinnacle of sadness ,  but if i went on i could outdo it .	1
speak within door .	1
o, it is too true!	1
give me some applause ,  if we’re friends ,  and robin will make everything up to you .	1
look here ,  sir ,  first ask what danes are in paris ,  and how ,  and who ,  what means ,  and where they live ,  what company ,  at what expense ,  and finding ,  by this talking around and drift of questions ,  that they who do know my son ,  come nearer to you than your particular questions will touch it .	1
what is her burying grave ,  that is her womb; and from her womb children of divers kind we sucking on her natural bosom find; many for many virtues excellent ,  none but for some ,  and yet all different .	1
for if thou dost intend never so little show of love to her ,  thou shalt aby it .	1
as i was standing watch on the hill ,  i looked toward birnam ,  and i thought i saw the forest begin to move .	1
but you’ll have to catch me !	1
alas ,  poor romeo ,  he is already dead !	1
well ,  may you see things well done there ,  adieu ,  lest our old robes sit easier than our new !	1
while we were here guarding you as you slept ,  we heard a loud roar that sounded like bulls ,  or lions .	1
she's been made as fruitful as the free elements .	1
will you stay awhile ?	1
well ,  onward ,  then .	1
is execution done on cawdor ?	1
he can’t like her very long .	1
let our best heads know that tomorrow the last of many battles we mean to fight .	1
how now ,  sir toby belch !	1
now, fair hippolyta, the time for our wedding is very close; just four more happy days until the new moon.	1
yes ,  a dozen; and as many to profit as would store the world they played for .	1
that villain cousin would have killed my husband.	1
cast spells with them ,  and  “ brutus ”  will call up a ghost as well as  “ caesar .  ”  now ,  in the name of all the gods ,  i ask you what food does caesar eat that has made him grow so great ?	1
all of which, sir, although i believe it most powerfully and potently, yet i think it was dishonest to have written it like this, because you yourself, sir, should be old as i am, if, like a crab, you could go backward.	1
my best endeavours shall be done herein.	1
you look not well ,  signor antonio .	1
not proud you have ,  but thankful that you have .	1
o ,  let me make the period to my curse !	1
and i will give you some more .	1
why, there's no remedy; it is the curse of the military.	1
have you sent anyone to bottom’s house ?	1
why, for that too.	1
give me a case to put my visage in .	1
doth it therefore ensue that you should love his son dearly ?	1
no ,  madam .	1
this is a strange repose, to be asleep with eyes wide open; standing, speaking, moving, and yet so fast asleep.	1
look ,  he’s recovering .	1
i will play the swan, and die in music.	1
i am content .	1
come, poor remains of friends, rest on this rock.	1
come, you spirits that hear mortal thoughts, take away my womanhood; and fill me, from my head to my toes, full of most terrible cruelty!	1
no ,  by no means .	1
about the ninth hour, lady.	1
welcome home ,  grumio .	1
no, when lightwing'd toys of feather'd cupid seel with wanton dullness my speculative and officed instruments, that my disports corrupt and taint my business, let housewives make a skillet of my helm, and all indign and base adversities make head against my estimation!	1
like an invitation .	1
that's strange.	1
roderigo !	1
if you will take a homely man's advice ,  be not found here; hence ,  with your little ones .	1
this is nothing ,  fool .	1
come, hamlet, come, and take this hand from me.	1
or have we eaten on the insane root that takes the reason prisoner?	1
adieu .	1
put it together with something else .	1
forever showering?	1
i beg you ,  sir ,  go outside ,  and give us truth about who it is that has arrived .	1
ay ,  madam ,  but returns again tonight .	1
and it is marvel he out-dwells his hour, for lovers ever run before the clock.	1
thanks ,  courteous wall .	1
yes, they do, my lord, hercules and his load too.	1
i know my physic will work with him .	1
not since widow dido's time.	1
we must remember the gravity of this sad day .	1
it isn’t healthy to expose your weak condition to the raw-cold morning like this.	1
the messengers !	1
have you spoken to him ?	1
stop thy unhallowed toil ,  vile montague !	1
if not ,  when you have stomachs .	1
cesario ,  come ,  for so you shall be ,  while you are a man .	1
it is engender'd.	1
this were kindness.	1
good volumnius ,  thou know’st that we two went to school together .	1
i am but crazy north-north-west.	1
i’m never in the mood to laugh when i hear sweet music .	1
prithee ,  be content .	1
how does my bounteous sister ?	1
not a whit .	1
if you like ,  brakenbury ,  you can listen to anything we say .	1
call her to come to me .	1
there’s matter in ’t indeed ,  if he be angry .	1
i humbly thank you; well ,  well ,  well .	1
words before fighting .	1
amen, amen, i say to that fair prayer, and then my life end when i end loyalty!	1
amen !	1
by'r lady ,  thirty years .	1
the whole world wants her .	1
he wished that our undertaking today might thrive .	1
fury, fury!	1
may i speak with antonio?	1
so why does it seem so particular to you ?	1
friends of this country .	1
ay ,  every man away .	1
who wants to buy the flock and the pasture ?	1
so tedious is this day as is the night before some festival to an impatient child that hath new robes and may not wear them .	1
what’s the matter here ,  gentlemen ? —honest iago ,  you look upset .	1
aboard ,  aboard ,  for shame !	1
why, goodbye, portia.	1
dost thou think alexander looked o' this fashion i' th' earth ?	1
she was tricked ,  divorced ,  wronged ,  spited ,  killed !	1
hundred times .	1
be kind and courteous to this gentleman; jump into his steps as he walks and dance in his eyes; feed him apricots and dewberries ,  purple grapes ,  green figs ,  and mulberries; steal the honey bags from the bumblebees ,  and ,  for night lights ,  cut their waxen thighs ,  and light them at the fiery glow - worm's eyes ,  in order to have my love go to sleep and wake up ,  and pluck the wings from painted butterflies ,  to fan the moonbeams out of sleeping eyes .	1
nor i.	1
i wish i had never seen it !	1
sweet gertrude ,  leave us too ,  for we have secretly sent for hamlet to come here ,  that here he may ,  as if by accident meet ophelia .	1
how dost thou and thy master agree?	1
so guildenstern and rosencrantz go to it .	1
fair lovers, you are fortunately met; of this discourse we more will hear anon.	1
what!	1
hic et ubique ?	1
ay, and truly, you were best.	1
to flatter caesar ,  would you mingle eyes with one that ties his points ?	1
peter !	1
tyrant, show your face!	1
yours, yours.	1
that i can keep your advice, and not my own.	1
beshrew his soul for me !	1
he is most in the company of the right noble claudio .	1
i will here shroud till the dregs of the storm be past .	1
be bloody ,  bold ,  and resolute .	1
servant ,  get away .	1
is your name william ?	1
your worth is very dear in my regard .	1
i can’t even be sure these are my hands .	1
oh ,  fie upon them !	1
how did you come here ,  tell me ,  and why ?	1
nature is short in love, and where it is short, it sends some precious moment of itself close to the thing it loves.	1
do i look as pale as everyone else does ,  lord dorset ?	1
and trust me ,  love ,  in my eye so do you .	1
ay ,  you have been a mouse - hunt in your time ,  but i will watch you from such watching now .	1
i wonder in my soul what you would ask me to do that i should deny ,  or stand so hesitant about .	1
and the queen too ,  and they should be here presently .	1
i swear i’m not lying .	1
but i'll be hanged, sir, if he will put up with your insults.	1
shall we give up and drown?	1
where’s my son edmund ?	1
stand aside.	1
well ,  if fortune is a woman ,  she's a good woman for this guy .	1
if that’s the way it goes, why does it seem unusual with you?	1
why ,  ’tis good to be sad and say nothing .	1
now, whether or not he kills cassio, or cassio him, or each do kill the other, i gain in every way.	1
i say, it is not lost.	1
this to hear would desdemona seriously incline; but still the house affairs would draw her thence ,  which ever as she could with haste dispatch ,  she'ld come again ,  and with a greedy ear devour up my discourse; which i observing ,  took once a pliant hour ,  and found good means to draw from her a prayer of earnest heart that i would all my pilgrimage dilate ,  whereof by parcels she had something heard ,  but not intentively .	1
we have willing dames enough; there cannot be that vulture in you, to devour so many as will to greatness dedicate themselves, finding it so inclined.	1
shall we give up and drown ?	1
i haven’t seen him for two days .	1
a carrion death ,  within whose empty eye there is a written scroll .	1
is fleance going with you ?	1
stop right now !	1
tybalt, you ratcatcher, will you walk?	1
if he do bleed, i'll gild the faces of the grooms withal, for it must seem their guilt.	1
of all men else i have avoided thee.	1
you scolded me often for loving rosaline .	1
hail !	1
words without thoughts never go to heaven.	1
you’re under arrest ,  sir .	1
the man i'th’ moon?	1
i charge you by the law ,  whereof you are a well - deserving pillar ,  proceed to judgment .	1
speak ,  strike ,  redress !  ”  am i entreated to speak and strike ?	1
we follow you ,  because we should and because we want to .	1
what should a man do but be merry?	1
stop there!	1
hark !	1
the visitor won’t abandon him like that.	1
on the instant they got clear of our ship; so i alone became their prisoner .	1
ay ,  let her rot ,  and perish ,  and be damned tonight ,  for she shall not live .	1
where are they ?	1
thou shalt know more hereafter: nay ,  get thee gone .	1
quick ,  quick ,  i pray thee ,  draw the curtain straight; the prince of arragon hath ta'en his oath ,  and comes to his election presently .	1
oh ,  except for the widow dido ?	1
the  “ passionate ”  duke ?	1
let’s go ,  then !	1
come, sir, your forward thrust.	1
so ,  by christ ,  i’ll cut off your head .	1
oh!	1
tybalt, mercutio, the prince has expressly forbidden this fighting in verona streets.	1
yea ,  is the worst well ?	1
i know not ,  gentlemen ,  what you intend ,  who else must be let blood ,  who else is rank .	1
no ,  not too upset .	1
you love me not .	1
who, i, my lord?	1
the more i pray ,  the less i get out of it .	1
and his kinsman too .	1
that is another simple sin in you ,  to bring the ewes and the rams together and to offer to get your living by the copulation of cattle; to be bawd to a bellwether and to betray a she - lamb of a twelvemonth to a crooked - pated old cuckoldly ram ,  out of all reasonable match .	1
use me but as your spaniel—spurn me ,  strike me ,  neglect me ,  lose me .	1
i’ll think of something .	1
what ,  is brutus sick ,  and will he steal out of his wholesome bed ,  to dare the vile contagion of the night and tempt the rheumy and unpurgèd air to add unto his sickness ?	1
a thing for me!	1
if these be true spies which i wear in my head, here's a goodly sight.	1
upon my life ,  my lord ,  i’ll undertake it .	1
as still as the grave.	1
most miserable hour that time ever saw in lasting work of his travels !	1
daughters who can make you obey them .	1
then i have to assume you don’t want him to be king .	1
and yesterday, the night bird sat in the marketplace, in the middle of the day, howling and shrieking.	1
the single and peculiar life is bound ,  with all the strength and amour of the mind ,  to keep itself from madness ,  but much more so for that spirit on whose government the lives of many depend and rest .	1
where learned you this ,  fool ?	1
it’s time for me to say goodbye to you .	1
death ,  that hath sucked the honey of thy breath ,  hath had no power yet upon thy beauty .	1
ah ,  that’s a foul fault .	1
if you make any more complaints, i will open an oak and put you inside it until you have howled away twelve more years.	1
i wish my father could see with my eyes.	1
old montague is out there, and waves his blade in spite of me.	1
chastisement !	1
you need not fear, lady, the having any of these lords: they have acquainted me with their determinations: which is, indeed, to return to their home, and to trouble you with no more suit; unless you may be won by some other sort than your father's imposition, depending on the caskets.	1
othello's occupation's gone !	1
from silvius ,  sir .	1
shame on you !	1
my lord, we will not.	1
ha !	1
i think i hear them . —stand ,  ho !	1
these babes for clarence weep and so do i; i for an edward weep; so do not they .	1
god bless you and make you obedient ,  loving ,  and kind .	1
he hath not told us of the captain yet .	1
it was great ignorance ,  gloucester’s eyes being out ,  to let him live .	1
no watch?	1
let their beds be made as soft as yours, and let their palates be seasoned with such rich meats?	1
where is he now ?	1
i wish you had won the fleece that he has lost.	1
i must be gone .	1
you do lie in it ,  to be in it and say it is yours .	1
i saw mark antony offer him a crown, yet 'twas not a crown neither, 'twas one of these coronets and, as i told you, he put it by once.	1
know the glove !	1
o ,  here's a wit of cheverel ,  that stretches from an inch narrow to an ell broad !	1
o ,  would to god that the inclusive verge of golden metal that must round my brow were red - hot steel to sear me to the brains !	1
and we will hear it.	1
but ,  for sure ,  the bravery of his grief put me into a towering passion .	1
believe me ,  i’m sorry you’re in pain .	1
what is the matter ?	1
your fat king and your lean beggar is but variable service ,  two dishes ,  but to one table .	1
so ,  adieu .	1
bid him levy straight the greatest strength and power that he can make and meet me suddenly at salisbury .	1
is there such a place ?	1
he doesn’t know yet about his honorable fortune.	1
i’m going back into battle .	1
god mark you for his grace !	1
who could refrain ,  that had a heart to love ,  and in that heart courage to make his love known ?	1
wise men who give fools money might get a good reputation—if they keep up regular payments for fourteen years .	1
i have wept inside ,  or should have spoken before this .	1
besides ,  it should appear that if he had the present money to discharge the jew ,  he would not take it .	1
we are bound to the like .	1
no ,  good goose ,  don’t bite .	1
it is not lost; but what an if it were?	1
shall i tell you why ?	1
my lord ,  i cannot .	1
in understanding ,  how like a god !	1
did you see him ?	1
ha ,  ha ,  are you honest ?	1
ay ,  in the catalogue ye go for men ,  as hounds and greyhounds ,  mongrels ,  spaniels ,  curs ,  shoughs ,  water - rugs ,  and demi - wolves are clept all by the name of dogs .	1
i do dare ,  and i say that you are the villain .	1
friends am i with you all and love you all upon this hope: that you shall give me reasons why and wherein caesar was dangerous .	1
ay ,  my lord .	1
yes ,  i did; but she was only being polite .	1
who put out the light?	1
i hear his trumpet .	1
alright ,  let’s fight ,  boy !	1
save me and hover over me with your wings, you heavenly guards!	1
a liberal hand.	1
his love is blind and it suits the dark best.	1
certain, men should be what they seem.	1
how is't ,  brother ?	1
the point envenom'd too!	1
scurvy knave !	1
but i ,  who never knew how to entreat ,  nor never needed that i should entreat ,  am starved for meat ,  giddy for lack of sleep ,  with oaths kept waking and with brawling fed .	1
yes ,  please tell me .	1
have you written the lion's part?	1
have done thy charm ,  thou hateful ,  withered hag .	1
good enobarbus ,  you would be doing a very good thing if you advised your captain to speak calmly and quietly .	1
wife, children, servants, all that could be found.	1
kneel ,  romans ,  kneel ,  and let’s wash our hands ,  up to the elbows ,  in caesar’s blood and smear it on our swords .	1
tell your wife to watch her .	1
armed ,  my lord .	1
i like thy wit well, in good faith.	1
so sorrow's heaviness does heavier grow because my sleep has been interrupted.	1
for the same thing .	1
it is now two o'clock .	1
i did ,  kind lady .	1
thou hadst ,  and more ,  miranda .	1
so will i grow, so live, so die, my lord, ere i will yield my virgin patent up unto his lordship, whose unwished yoke my soul consents not to give sovereignty.	1
the enemies of caesar shall say all this; then, in a friend, it is cold shame.	1
i must fall down on that step, or jump over it, for it’s in my way.	1
no ,  please ,  sir ,  don’t be angry with me; yet ,  if you’re angry ,  sir ,  i can mend you .	1
now .	1
that now i will have—that’s the humor of it .	1
she’s round ,  like a globe .	1
ay, and brought off the field.	1
not ?	1
there's a bargain made.	1
why ,  then ,  tomorrow i cannot serve your turn for rosalind ?	1
i’ll make ground beef out of you .	1
whatever you are, for your good warning, thanks; you have helped my fear with your music.	1
and let us swear our resolution.	1
when are you married ,  madam ?	1
my lord bassanio, and my gentle lady, i wish you all the joy that you can wish; for i am sure you can wish none from me: and, when your honours mean to solemnize the bargain of your faith, i do beseech you, even at that time i may be married too.	1
so farewell to you both .	1
how she returns like the spendthrift ,  with weather - beaten sides and ragged sails ,  thin ,  torn ,  and destitute by the prostitute wind !	1
excellent good .	1
come ,  be a man !	1
i must find a reader.	1
if in thy wisdom thou canst give no help, do thou but call my resolution wise and with this knife i'll help it presently.	1
my mistress ,  dearest; and i am humble forever .	1
sir ,  there is especial commission come from venice to depute cassio in othello's place .	1
heaven and earth !	1
why dover ?	1
so will it fare with claudio .	1
you shall do it ,  mark antony .	1
he cut my head and gave sir toby a bloody head ,  too .	1
what, must our mouths be cold?	1
fail not our feast.	1
o ,  reason not the need !	1
this would drink deep .	1
they’re all welcome . — what worries are keeping you from sleeping ?	1
how shall i murder him, iago?	1
there go the minstrels .	1
i go ,  caesar .	1
did you send to him ,  sir ?	1
from my kind uncle ,  who i know will give it to me ,  especially as it’s not worth much .	1
come over here, gentlemen, and lay your hands again on my sword.	1
bring him in front of me .	1
dispersedly] bow - wow !	1
in which predicament ,  i say ,  thou stand'st: for it appears by manifest proceeding ,  that ,  indirectly ,  and directly too ,  thou hast contriv'd against the very life of the defendant; and thou hast incurr'd the danger formerly by me rehears'd .	1
he lays it on .	1
as stupid as dirt !	1
read the will !	1
where are you?	1
to th' church take the priest ,  clerk ,  and some sufficient honest witnesses .	1
the prince has far outgrown me .	1
what ,  shall i be appointed hours as though ,  belike ,  i knew not what to take and what to leave ,  ha ?	1
that way i can conquer my own fear and sleep easy at night .	1
o ,  he dismounts too .	1
wherefore have these gifts a curtain before 'em ?	1
as i remember ,  this should be the house .	1
tyrant ,  show thy face !	1
in god’s name ,  who are you ?	1
i'll tell the news .	1
hail ,  caesar ,  and my lord !	1
therefore ,  drink up . —servant - monster ,  drink a toast to me .	1
i doubt it is no other but the main ,  his father's death and our o'erhasty marriage .	1
fit the action to the word ,  the word to the action ,  with this special rule ,  that you don’t overstep the simplicity of being natural ,  for anything so overdone is not the purpose of playing ,  whose end ,  both at the first and now ,  was and is ,  to hold ,  as it were ,  the mirror up to nature ,  to show truth in reality ,  scorn her falseness ,  and his form and force to the very age and body of the time .	1
adieu ,  be vigitant ,  i beseech you .	1
i'll do't ,  but it dislikes me .	1
it is a branch and parcel of mine oath ,  a charitable duty of my order .	1
nay, i am sure it is, volumnius.	1
nobody; i myself .	1
isn’t my name hero ?	1
i think, i'faith, she loves me.	1
why, there was a crown offered him, and being offered him: he put it by with the back of his hand, thus, and then the people fell a-shouting.	1
and, which is worse, all you have done has been only for a wayward son, spiteful and wrathful, who, as others do, loves for his own ends, not for you.	1
company is coming here .	1
i am more an antique roman than a dane.	1
why ,  what is that to you ?	1
i had rather be a canker in a hedge than a rose in his grace ,  and it better fits my blood to be disdained of all than to fashion a carriage to rob love from any .	1
no, no!	1
your horn is a foot long ,  and i’m at least that size .	1
quiet now !	1
oh ,  killing that child was the dirtiest ,  most merciless deed there ever was !	1
gregory, on my word, we will not be humiliated, like carrying coal.	1
i asked you for certain sums of gold, which you denied me;— because i cannot raise any money by dirty means.	1
o ill - starr'd wench !	1
i'll charm the air to give a sound ,  while you perform your antic round; that this great king may kindly say ,  our duties did his welcome pay .	1
tis truly so .	1
he’s quite simply the smartest working - man in athens .	1
i tell you yet again, banquo's buried; he cannot come out on's grave.	1
then it’s certain they’re heading for cyprus .	1
in my mind’s eye ,  horatio .	1
she is not sick ,  my lord ,  but she is troubled with endless visions that keep her from sleeping .	1
if thou didst ever thy dear father love— o god !	1
why ,  this is excellent .	1
come on ,  can i get you two to make up ?	1
o ,  now i need the priest that spake to me !	1
and this report has so exasperated the king that he prepares for some attempt of war .	1
god be with you, sir.	1
thank you .	1
there’s no doubt his majesty will soon recover his accustomed health .	1
father ,  i charge thee ,  by thy reverence ,  here to unfold (though lately we intended to keep in darkness what occasion now reveals before ’tis ripe) what thou dost know hath newly passed between this youth and me .	1
when devoutly religious men are praying ,  it’s hard to draw them out of it ,  because they get lost in the wonder of their contemplation .	1
avaunt!	1
one from the lord stanley .	1
yes .	1
please listen to me speak .	1
what is it you demand ?	1
i have a device to make all well .	1
please ,  listen to me .	1
draw your sword !	1
this avarice sticks deeper ,  grows with more pernicious root than summer - seeming lust ,  and it hath been the sword of our slain kings .	1
take up those cords.	1
can i do what all the parthian arrows ,  though shot by enemies ,  could not ?	1
hence !	1
dismay'd not this our captains ,  macbeth and banquo ?	1
he doth; for he did bid antonius send word to you he would be there tomorrow.	1
what common uses we may return to ,  horatio !	1
he does hear me ,  and that makes me cry .	1
please ,  tell me your cure .	1
since no man has anything of what he leaves, what is it to leave soon?	1
o ,  you are wise; that is certain .	1
hark you, guildenstern, and you too—at each ear a hearer!	1
what ,  to kiss in private ?	1
yes ,  do that .	1
fetch me an iron crow .	1
will you cover ,  then ,  sir ?	1
what ,  a play toward !	1
i hope it doesn’t make me unchaste that i really want to be a married woman .	1
if you and i don’t value her equally ,  it would be better for us to work out our differences without her .	1
otherwise, you would have made your tale large.	1
is fleance going with you ?	1
poor knave, i blame thee not, thou art o'erwatch'd.	1
and yet it is not: it is but so - so .	1
parted you in good terms ?	1
i thank you ,  valiant cassio .	1
o ,  i am slain !	1
there are women like that out there ,  no question .	1
i am one, my liege, whom has been so angered by the vile blows and beatings of the world that i am reckless in what i would do to spite the world.	1
i can truly deliver all this.	1
hold him in safety until the prince arrives.	1
you are all    lord of lords !	1
of what nature the wrongs are thou hast done him ,  i know not ,  but thy intercepter ,  full of despite ,  bloody as the hunter ,  attends thee at the orchard end .	1
speak, speak!	1
all men call thee fickle.	1
is it my lady mother?	1
i will ,  my lord .	1
and what confederacy have you with the traitors late footed in the kingdom ?	1
i am the unhappy subject of these quarrels.	1
were you here when it started ?	1
why are you still crying ?	1
if you are valiant, as, they say, corrupt men being in love have a nobility in their natures that is more than natural to them, listen to me.	1
sir ,  i never loved you much ,  but i ha’ praised ye when you have well deserved ten times as much as i have said you did .	1
holy franciscan friar ,  brother ,  ho !	1
o woful time!	1
adieu, adieu, adieu!	1
horatio says it’s all in our imagination, and doesn’t believe a word we say about this dreaded sight, seen twice by us.	1
we'll make a solemn wager on your cunnings ,  i have it !	1
so i suppose your grace can truly say that i have lost it .	1
now ,  what news on the rialto ?	1
i wish my father could see with my eyes .	1
no hope that way is another way so high a hope that even ambition cannot pierce a wink beyond ,  but doubt discovery there .	1
truly ,  sir ,  in respect of a fine workman ,  i am but ,  as you would say ,  a cobbler .	1
don’t tempt me to suicide again .	1
why, by making him uncapable of othello's place; knocking out his brains.	1
farewell ,  for i must leave you .	1
without his fish eggs, like a dried herring.	1
the prince and claudio are supposed to be here by now . —you know your job ,  brother .	1
run barefoot up and down, threatening the flames with bisson rheum; a clout upon that head where late the diadem stood, and for a robe, about her lank and all o'erteemed loins, a blanket, in the alarm of fear caught up— who this had seen, with tongue in venom steep'd 'gainst fortune's state would treason have pronounced.	1
could he dig without arms ?	1
i drink the air before me ,  and return or ere your pulse twice beat .	1
some man or other must present wall; and let him have some plaster ,  or some loam ,  or some rough - cast about him ,  to signify wall; and let him hold his fingers thus ,  and through that cranny shall pyramus and thisbe whisper .	1
shall caesar send a lie?	1
how much unlike art thou mark antony !	1
put your hand on your heart and listen to my advice .	1
lend me your hand .	1
pardon ,  sweet father .	1
think, my lord?	1
a good soft pillow for that good white head were better than a churlish turf of france .	1
he has, my lord; but be well assured, no more than he'll deny.	1
don’t compare a woman’s love for a man with my love for olivia .	1
poor imitation queen ,  why do you align yourself with this humpbacked spider when he’s got you trapped in his deadly web ?	1
yes ,  truly;—for ,  look you ,  the sins of the father are to be laid upon the children; therefore ,  i promise you i fear you .	1
then appurtenance of welcome is fashion and ceremony .	1
why should i ,  mother ?	1
now, good sweet nurse—o lord, why look'st thou sad?	1
it cannot be called our mother, only our grave.	1
and you can’t put your heads together and figure out why he’s acting so dazed and confused ,  ruining his peace and quiet with such dangerous displays of lunacy ?	1
this morning ,  they’ve flown away and in their place are ravens ,  crows ,  and kites ,  flying over our heads and looking down on us ,  as though we were sickly prey .	1
what men may do !	1
not many ,  and no one important .	1
that “many” may mean the foolish multitudes, that choose by outward appearance, not learning any more than their loving eyes teach, which doesn’t go to the inside but, like the marten, builds on the outside wall in any weather, even in the force of wind and on the road to ruin.	1
but how ,  my lord ,  shall we resist it now ?	1
and you shall speak in the same pulpit whereto i am going, after my speech is ended.	1
thy eyes are almost set in thy head .	1
why do you look like that ?	1
she’s sending this ring back to you ,  sir .	1
when i send for you ,  come out wearing masks .	1
alas ,  and woe !	1
he is welcome hither.	1
go thou to juliet ,  help to deck up her .	1
dispersedly] bow-wow!	1
my language !	1
and look how he’s repaid poor clarence for his loyalty—penned him up like a pig being fattened for slaughter .	1
tell me that i’ll marry three kings before noon and be widowed by all of them .	1
well ,  sir ,  then ’twill be dry .	1
yes ,  a dozen of them—as many as there are women in the world ,  in fact .	1
you may think i love you not .	1
better macbeth than such an one like me to reign over scotland.	1
as old and white - haired as you are ,  and you’re such a traitor ?	1
and what's he then that says i play the villain ?	1
a traveler .	1
he was not born to be shameful .	1
am i dromio ?	1
antonio ,  i arrest thee at the suit of count orsino .	1
peace ,  ho !	1
upon this hint i spake .	1
is this the noble moor whom our full senate call all in all sufficient?	1
he hates our sacred nation; and he abuses me, even there where merchants congregate most of the time, insulting me, my bargains, and my well-won success, which he calls interest.	1
o ,  my good lord ,  there's foul murders done over there !	1
my lord ,  this is my daughter here asleep; and this lysander; this demetrius is; this helena ,  old nedar's helena .	1
isn’t she proud?	1
the competitors enter .	1
alack ,  what noise is this ?	1
and now my lady worm's ,  chapless ,  and knock'd about the mazard with a sexton's spade .	1
what can we do to find out if it’s true ?	1
pull't off ,  i say .	1
this must be known, which, if kept secret, might mean more trouble to hide it than hate for utter love.	1
i thought he was feeling the way i was, that many people are at their busiest when they’re alone, kept on walking and thinking, not worrying about him, and i gladly walked away from him who gladly fled from me.	1
there are some shrewd contents in yond same paper that steals the color from bassanio’s cheek .	1
how is my lady doing?	1
that’s true—if the devil’s judging her .	1
my spirits are nimble .	1
i will be satisfied .	1
but is he often like this?	1
if you'll sit down ,  i'll carry your logs the while .	1
i’ll tell thee ,  charles: it is the stubbornest young fellow of france ,  full of ambition ,  an envious emulator of every man’s good parts ,  a secret and villainous contriver against me his natural brother .	1
i hate it and want all good men’s love .	1
the one i gave you.	1
may be the letter moved him; for ,  as i think ,  they do command him home ,  deputing cassio in his government .	1
fellow ,  i know thee .	1
it’s over here .	1
good morning to you .	1
romeo must die .	1
now ,  whether it be bestial oblivion ,  or some craven scruple of thinking too precisely on the event— a thought which ,  quarter'd ,  hath but one part wisdom and ever three parts coward—i do not know why yet i live to say 'this thing's to do , ' sith i have cause ,  and will ,  and strength ,  and means to do't .	1
tybalt is dead ,  and romeo banished .  ”  that  “ banished ,  ”  that one word  “ banished ,  ”  has killed ten thousand tybalts .	1
can’t you wait for a moment ?	1
what ,  sir ,  how !	1
if he will take it ,  so .	1
that's not the tune .	1
is this the nature that passion could not shake?	1
what is your name ?	1
the nobles of cyprus whom you invited to dinner are waiting for you .	1
let it be so.	1
a braggart ,  a rogue ,  a villain that fights by the book of arithmetic !	1
she will really curse me that romeo has had no news of these events; but i will write to him again in mantua, and keep her at my cell until romeo comes to get her; poor living corpse, closed in a dead man's tomb!	1
you’ll let us in ,  i hope ?	1
love's heralds should be thoughts ,  which glide ten times faster than the sun's beams ,  driving back shadows over lowering hills .	1
no, i hear not your honest friend; i hear you.	1
that was my lady's voice .	1
i am peppered ,  i warrant ,  for this world .	1
his attendants are desperate ,  violent men .	1
oh ,  you devil ,  you devil !	1
remember thee?	1
why in that rawness left you wife and child ,  those precious motives ,  those strong knots of love ,  without leave - taking ?	1
false justicer ,  why hast thou let her ’scape ?	1
god be with you all .	1
i beg you ,  tell the truth .	1
come on .	1
the chariest maid is prodigal enough if she unmask her beauty to the moon .	1
this case of that huge spirit now is cold .	1
lovely beatrice ,  i thank you for taking the pains to tell me that .	1
twere good you let him know; for who that's but a queen ,  fair ,  sober ,  wise ,  would from a paddock ,  from a bat ,  a gib such dear concernings hide ?	1
look ,  lucius ,  here’s the book i was searching for .	1
but if you knew to whom you give this friendship, how true a gentleman you send in relief, how dear a friend of my lord is your husband, i know you show more pride in the work than accustomed behavior can make you show.	1
please go find out for certain who has arrived .	1
i will, sir.	1
god bless your worship !	1
thou art a villain to impeach me thus .	1
but listen to me ,  signor—	1
how dare you tell us about god’s laws when you have broken them so savagely yourself ?	1
all things that exist are sought for with more spirit than the spirit to enjoy them.	1
what man is that ?	1
all the world’s a stage ,  and all the men and women merely players .	1
o no ,  my reasons are too deep and dead— too deep and dead ,  poor infants ,  in their graves .	1
you must sing  this nothing’s more than matter .	1
listen, sir.	1
thy father hath his life .	1
take comfort: he no more shall see my face; lysander and myself will fly this place.	1
where are the vile beginners of this fray?	1
pour in the blood of a female pig that has eaten her nine piglets, and throw it into the flame with fat that has dripped from a murderer's gallows.	1
so that, i say, he has borne all things well; and i do think that, had he duncan's sons under his key— as, an't please heaven, he shall not—they should find what ’twere to kill a father; so should fleance.	1
they are entirely welcome .	1
bridegroom ?	1
love looks not with the eyes but with the mind .	1
take up the body .	1
that's all one; you shall play it in a mask ,  and you may speak as small as you will .	1
my master's a very jew .	1
and do you now put on your best attire ?	1
thou shalt not choose but go .	1
thou know'st that all my fortunes are at sea; neither have i money ,  nor commodity to raise a present sum: therefore go forth ,  try what my credit can in venice do; that shall be rack'd ,  even to the uttermost ,  to furnish thee to belmont ,  to fair portia .	1
they intend to challenge us here at philippi ,  responding to our challenge before we’ve even challenged him .	1
what if this mixture do not work at all ?	1
you can’t trust anyone who abuses her own father ,  her flesh and blood .	1
right now ?	1
nay ,  i bear it on my shoulders as a beggar wont her brat ,  and i think when he hath lamed me ,  i shall beg with it from door to door .	1
life, living, all is death's.	1
say ,  what’s the trouble ?	1
he’s near death ,  and roderigo’s dead already .	1
if thou hast any sound or use of voice ,  speak to me .	1
what lights come yond?	1
do you see yonder cloud that's almost in shape of a camel?	1
she’s an excellent ,  sweet woman ,  and there’s no doubt that she is virtuous .	1
thy woes will make them sharp and pierce like mine .	1
how canst thou try them so?	1
prithee, peace.	1
he ran this way and leapt this orchard wall .	1
justice will be rewarded .	1
god help the noble claudio !	1
i don’t care if you love me or not ,  i like the cap and i’ll have it or i won’t have any .	1
good volumnius ,  thou know'st that we two went to school together; even for that our love of old ,  i prithee ,  hold thou my sword - hilts ,  whilst i run on it .	1
o misery !	1
thou dost ,  and think’st it much to tread the ooze of the salt deep ,  to run upon the sharp wind of the north ,  to do me business in the veins o' th' earth when it is baked with frost .	1
i’ll bite my thumb at them .	1
it cannot be .	1
call it a match !	1
i tell you ,  you would find the rituals of war and ,  i promise you ,  its ceremonies and its solicitudes and its forms and its gravity and its discipline all to be quite counter to all this noise .	1
my lord ,  this would not be believed in venice ,  though i should swear i saw ’t .	1
directly ,  i’m going to caesar's funeral .	1
i didn’t call you .	1
brief let me be .	1
thou canst not .	1
is this the kind of world where we hide our accomplishments ?	1
why then ,  it is like this: you must prepare your chest for his knife .	1
these ducats pawn i for my father here .	1
open the tomb .	1
ah ,  do not tear away thyself from me !	1
i hear him coming .	1
the town is empty; on the seashore ranks of people stand ,  and they cry ,   " a sail !	1
and may .	1
i’ll tell him of fair hermia's flight; then tomorrow night, he will pursue her to the forest, and, even if he just thanks me for this knowledge, it is sweet payment.	1
son ,  i’ll stake you half that bianca comes .	1
now pile your dust upon the quick and dead till of this flat a mountain you have made to o'ertop old pelion or the skyish head of blue olympus .	1
the people in the street cry  “ romeo ,  ”  some  “ juliet ,  ”  and some  “ paris ,  ”  and all run with open outcries toward our tomb .	1
away ,  you ethiope !	1
this shall determine that .	1
general, be careful; he comes with bad intentions.	1
a spirit?	1
i’ll tell my husband what you’ve said ,  launcelot .	1
patience awhile, good cassio.	1
listen ,  because tybalt was just killed ,  people might think that we don’t care about his memory as our relative if we have too grand a party .	1
what are you doing here ?	1
in such a night as this !	1
good signors both ,  when shall we laugh ?	1
good morrow to you .	1
at my unworthiness ,  that dares not offer to you what i desire to give you ,  or much less take what i shall die to want from you .	1
and all my children ?	1
oh - ho - ho ,  sir !	1
one face ,  one voice ,  one way of dressing ,  but two people !	1
tis bootless to exclaim .	1
by heaven, i'll know you’re thinking.	1
i beg you ,  hurry .	1
o ,  the more angel she ,  and you the blacker devil !	1
i had rather be a country servant - maid than a great queen with this condition ,  to be so baited ,  scorned ,  and stormèd at .	1
speak once again.	1
no ,  sir ,  she shall not ,  although you take her side .	1
you take that, too.	1
but one ,  poor one ,  one poor and loving child ,  but one thing to rejoice and solace in ,  and cruel death hath catch'd it from my sight !	1
the noble brutus is ascended .	1
would he have stolen away from sleeping hermia ?	1
myself ?	1
tis two or three ,  my lord ,  that bring you word macduff is fled to england .	1
didn’t he just leave?	1
then yield thee, coward, and live to be the show and gaze o’ the time.	1
there are still some few odd lads missing from your company that you forget.	1
every one prepare to follow this fair corse unto her grave.	1
i have to get to the barber's ,  sir ,  because i think i have an awful lot of hair on my face ,  and i am such a sensitive donkey ,  that i must scratch even if my hair only tickles me a little .	1
oh ,  lying woman !	1
look with what courteous action it waves you to a more removed ground.	1
i saw no man use you at his pleasure .	1
so do not i .	1
his arrival fits perfectly into my plan .	1
why, all these should be in the lantern; for all these are in the moon.	1
she’s dead ,  she’s dead ,  she’s dead !	1
wait ,  madam .	1
how is my wife?	1
goblin ,  lead them up and down .	1
flower with this purple dye, hit by cupid's arrow, sink into the apple of his eye!	1
but you still wish the gods had made me poetical ?	1
did it stay long ?	1
noble banquo ,  that hast no less deserved ,  nor must be known no less to have done so; let me enfold thee and hold thee to my heart .	1
o julius caesar ,  thou art mighty yet !	1
not i, my lord, by heaven!	1
their lips ,  like four red roses on a stalk ,  touched .	1
i'll follow thee ,  and make a heaven of hell ,  to die upon the hand i love so well .	1
so do i ever  for had i cursed now ,  i had cursed myself .	1
i wouldn’t stay here tonight for the entire town .	1
did you perceive how he laughed at his vice ?	1
roderigo .	1
never a moment of peace !	1
besides ,  the king’s name is a tower of strength; the opposition doesn’t have that advantage .	1
come ,  find the conspirators .	1
i had rather have a handful or two of dried peas .	1
tis true ,  this god did shake !	1
no more with me .	1
and to deal plainly i fear i am not in my perfect mind .	1
when courage consumes reason ,  it destroys its only weapon .	1
what’s the news ?	1
and be all traitors that do so ?	1
on, lusty gentlemen!	1
i shall .	1
i’ll ask only benedick to come with me ,  for from the top of his head to the soles of his feet he’s a joker .	1
reputation, reputation, reputation!	1
you know what they say .	1
now ,  my titania ,  wake up ,  my sweet queen .	1
are you hiding in some bush ?	1
ha ,  ha !	1
i go ,  i go .	1
your peace of mind depends on him .	1
but he didn’t do it.	1
fair and noble hostess ,  we are your guest tonight .	1
well, god 'eild you!	1
come, tears, confound; out, sword, and wound the pap of pyramus; ay, that left pap, where heart doth hop.	1
and hippolyta .	1
do not presume too much upon my love; i may do that i shall be sorry for .	1
no woman’s heart is big enough to hold all my love .	1
i do but keep the peace.	1
for you ,  mistress ,  save you your labor .	1
look at them .	1
why ,  what is tybalt ?	1
if my heart's dear love, well, don’t swear.	1
my lord ,  i cannot .	1
who would bear these burdens to grunt and sweat under a weary life, except that the dread of something after death, the undiscovered country, from whose borders no traveler returns, puzzles the mind, and makes us bear those problems we have rather than fly to others that we don’t know about?	1
well ,  say ,  sir .	1
take heed ,  signior baptista ,  lest you be cony - catched in this business .	1
down with the topmast !	1
i'll follow you; i'll lead you in a circle ,  through bog ,  through bush ,  through more bushes ,  through brier; sometimes i’ll be a horse ,  sometimes a hound dog ,  a hog ,  a headless bear ,  sometimes a fire; and neigh ,  and bark ,  and grunt ,  and roar ,  and burn ,  like horse ,  hound ,  hog ,  bear ,  fire ,  at every turn .	1
fled to his house amazed.	1
o, she is lame!	1
but in my terms of honor i stand aloof ,  and will no reconcilement till by some elder masters ,  of known honor ,  i have a voice and precedent of peace to keep my name ungored .	1
i’ll go and chat with paris .	1
do you hear me, iago?	1
what is it thou didst say?	1
hereafter ,  in a better world than this ,  i shall desire more love and knowledge of you .	1
tell me .	1
do you love me ?	1
nay ,  but hear me: pardon this fault ,  and by my soul i swear ,  i never more will break an oath with thee .	1
that he had sex with you .	1
no, by my honor, madam, by my soul, no woman took it, but a civil doctor, which refused three thousand dollars of me, and begged for the ring, which i denied him, and let him go away displeased, even he that had delayed the very life of my dear friend.	1
well, if he’s not rotten before he dies, as we have many small pox corpses nowadays that will scarce last beyond the wake, he will last you some eight years or nine years.	1
ha ,  ha !	1
don’t say anything else .	1
o traitors ,  villains !	1
speak my thoughts?	1
if you don’t like him you should quit .	1
yes ,  my lord ,  i want to know that .	1
very strangely, they say.	1
but remember, for that's my business to you, that you three from milan did supplant good prospero; exposed unto the sea, which hath requit it, him and his innocent child; for which foul deed, the powers, delaying, not forgetting, have incensed the seas and shores, yea, all the creatures, against your peace.	1
if she’s lying ,  i pray that i never sleep again at night or wake up during the day .	1
i saw her laid low in her kindred's vault and presently took post to tell it you.	1
thanks to your majesty .	1
their forces are nearby .	1
away !	1
macbeth is ready to fall ,  and the powers above show us the way .	1
a friend should bear his friend's infirmities ,  but brutus makes mine greater than they are .	1
and ,  although we lay these honors on this man ,  to ease ourselves of different ,  disgraceful burdens ,  he shall only carry them as the donkey carries gold ,  groaning and sweating under the load ,  either led or driven ,  as we point the way; and having brought our treasure where we choose ,  we then unload him and let him loose ,  like an unloaded donkey ,  to shake his ears and graze in the common fields .	1
if he say so, may his pernicious soul rot half a grain a day!	1
well.— now come, my ariel!	1
i'll go and chat with paris.	1
look ,  here it is .	1
stand up, and say how you came here.	1
it is dangerous when the lower nature comes between the ups and downs of mighty opposites.	1
bring me to him .	1
shylock ,  do you hear me ?	1
good night .	1
yes ,  and i’ll do everything i just said .	1
yes ,  nightingales answer daws !	1
my dearest love, duncan comes here tonight.	1
the tyrant i’m serving now can go to hell !	1
then hie you hence to friar lawrence’s cell .	1
our duty to your honour .	1
so full of shapes is fancy that it alone is high fantastical .	1
let him go, and presently prefer his suit to caesar.	1
hie to high fortune !	1
i hear the minstrels play .	1
here he comes.	1
the enemy comes on in gallant show; their bloody sign of battle is hung out ,  and something to be done immediately .	1
i am afraid he will chastise me.	1
i wonder of their being here together .	1
what a righteous judge !	1
i knew him when he would’ve walked ten miles to see a well - crafted suit of armor; now he spends ten nights awake in his room designing himself a fancy new jacket .	1
nothing, neither way.	1
his glory has not been diminished where he earned it ,  nor have those offenses for which he was killed been exaggerated .	1
his father was philip of macedon ,  as i remember .	1
call up my brother.	1
no ,  my lord .	1
the doors are open; and the grooms, filled to excess, defy their duty with snores.	1
he is married ?	1
did you ?	1
i do desire no more .	1
talk no more.	1
what need i fear of thee?	1
you know i say nothing to him ,  because he doesn’t understand me ,  and i don’t understand him: he doesn’t know latin ,  french ,  or italian ,  and you will come into the court and swear that i only know a penny’s worth of english .	1
the best and soundest of his time hath been but rash .	1
joy and fresh days of love accompany your hearts !	1
go up there and second his petition .	1
when i spoke that ,  i was ill - temper'd too .	1
do you dare kill a friend of mine ?	1
to antonio] as many [to adrian] that our garments, being, as they were, [to adrian] that our garments, being, as they were, drenched in the sea, hold notwithstanding their freshness and glosses, being rather new-dyed than stained with salt water.	1
let that appear hereafter ,  and aim better at me by that i now will manifest .	1
tush ,  tush ,  'twill not appear .	1
you have been hotly called for; when ,  you weren’t found at your lodging ,  the senate sent about three different requests to search for you .	1
alas ,  he is betrayed ,  and i have no hope !	1
which they will make an obedient father .	1
tell me ,  how did you get in here ?	1
eat your dinner and pay no attention to him .	1
tomorrow ,  if you please to speak with me ,  i will come home to you ,  or ,  if you will ,  come home to me and i will wait for you .	1
ere i ope his letter, i pray you tell me how my good friend doth.	1
as ’tis said ,  the bastard son of gloucester .	1
to alonso] how fares my gracious sir ?	1
as for me ,  i embrace my fortune with sorrow .	1
hang thou there upon the tomb ,  praising her when i am dumb .	1
thou art a soldier only .	1
ah ,  juliet ,  if the measure of thy joy be heaped like mine ,  and that thy skill be more to blazon it ,  then sweeten with thy breath this neighbor air ,  and let rich music’s tongue unfold the imagined happiness that both receive in either by this dear encounter .	1
i prithee ,  be gone .	1
why ,  sweet othello—   i haven’t done anything to deserve this !	1
that i loved the moor to live with him, my downright violence and storm of fortunes may shout to the world.	1
most heathenish and most gross !	1
i wish this trick would be over .	1
his affections don’t go that way ,  and what he said ,  though it was a little unorganized ,  wasn’t like craziness .	1
most mighty caesar, let me know some cause, lest i be laugh'd at when i tell them so.	1
he that has the two fair daughters—is ’t he you mean ?	1
do as i bid thee ,  go .	1
he brings me freedom .	1
the grey-eyed morning smiles on the frowning night, cutting the eastern clouds into squares with streaks of light; and the flecked darkness reels like a drunkard from the day's path and the sun’s hot rays.	1
the duke in council?	1
my lord ,  i know not what the matter is ,  but to my judgment your highness is not entertained with that ceremonious affection as you were wont .	1
set a huge mountain 'tween my heart and tongue !	1
she was here even now; she haunts me in every place.	1
i had been happy if the general camp ,  pioneers and all ,  had tasted her sweet body ,  so i had nothing known .	1
come on ,  don’t quarrel with us ,  good old man .	1
that done ,  repair to pompey’s theatre .	1
ay ,  so i think .	1
full oft ’tis seen ,  our means secure us and our mere defects prove our commodities .	1
i am constant to my purpose .	1
why?	1
transparent helena!	1
i come to go get you to the senate-house.	1
in heaven .	1
how like a prodigal doth she return; with over - weather'd ribs ,  and ragged sails ,  lean ,  rent ,  and beggar'd by the strumpet wind !	1
how far is it to the town of forres ?	1
but i'll be hanged ,  sir ,  if he will put up with your insults .	1
take away the stools ,  the sideboards ,  and the plates .	1
welcome, good marcellus.	1
must i remember?	1
tis new to thee .	1
our purposes god justly hath discovered ,  and i repent my fault more than my death ,  which i beseech your highness to forgive ,  although my body pay the price of it .	1
but if you were married ,  you’d wield some influence .	1
i take my leave at once.	1
say it for me ,  sir ,  to all our friends ,  for my heart says they are welcome .	1
if there are any ,  speak ,  for it is he whom i’ve offended .	1
what ,  i’m a prisoner ?	1
no ,  that's certain .	1
go to ,  you are too shrewd .	1
no, caesar shall not.	1
there’s no other shelter around here .	1
so it’s nearly the time when the ghost likes to appear .	1
what should we do?	1
goddammit !	1
bring me his answers quickly .	1
o you hard hearts, you cruel men of rome, knew you not pompey?	1
i will say so .	1
i wish they had stayed!	1
you should not have believed me, for virtue can’t graft a new plant onto our old stock but we shall relish of it.	1
have you never heard the saying ,  two may keep counsel ,  putting the other one away ?	1
and leave out thee ?	1
indeed ?	1
not being the worst daughter deserves some praise ,  i guess .	1
good morrow ,  kate—for that’s your name ,  i hear .	1
therefore ,  the fact that you’re awake this early tells me you’ve been upset with some anxiety .	1
welcome, good marcellus.	1
no ,  you can’t do that until you take her hand and ,  in front of this friar ,  swear to marry her .	1
most formidable queen !	1
what good could they pretend ?	1
why ,  even in that was heaven good to me .	1
the duke must grant me that .	1
what do you think of marching to philippi immediately ?	1
now i am alone .	1
who’s sleeping in the second chamber ?	1
a good note ,  that keeps you from the blow of the law .	1
what ,  have you lost your wits ?	1
they say he used to fence for the shah of persia .	1
fly further off ,  my lord ,  fly further off .	1
we'll answer .	1
you are welcome .	1
thy fault our law calls death; but the kind prince ,  taking thy part ,  hath rush'd aside the law ,  and turn'd that black word death to banishment .	1
tis well thou art not fish .	1
was't hamlet wrong'd laertes?	1
o royal caesar !	1
ah, servant, this unlooked-for sport comes well.	1
you say so ?	1
after all ,  who would put up with all life’s humiliations—the abuse from superiors ,  the insults of arrogant men ,  the pangs of unrequited love ,  the inefficiency of the legal system ,  the rudeness of people in office ,  and the mistreatment good people have to take from bad—when you could simply take out your knife and call it quits ?	1
there's such divinity that surrounds a king, that treason can only peep to what it would do, acts little by his will.	1
let’s all sink with the king .	1
things base and vile ,  holding no quantity ,  love can transpose to form and dignity .	1
who ever would have thought it?	1
i’ll fight until they hack the flesh off my bones .	1
nor will do none tomorrow .	1
my language !	1
the old proverb is very well parted between my master shylock and you, sir; you have the grace of god, sir, and he hath enough.	1
i know not which is which .	1
i’m happy the dauphin has such a good sense of humor .	1
i am glad to see you angry.	1
my lord ?	1
well be with you ,  gentlemen !	1
well ,  proceed .	1
go ,  write it in a martial hand .	1
i will be heard .	1
these things are beyond all use ,  and i do fear them .	1
go get thee to thy love, as was decreed, ascend her chamber, hence and comfort her.	1
to leave his wife, to leave his babes, his mansion, and his titles, in a place from whence himself does fly?	1
maybe we can benefit from the same chaos that has defeated us .	1
tis cinna .	1
come let’s in all .	1
give me thy hand .	1
or be alive again ,  and dare me to the desert with thy sword .	1
what of that ?	1
he would drown the stage with tears and cleave the general ear with horrid speech; make mad the guilty and appal the free ,  confound the ignorant ,  and amaze indeed the very faculties of eyes and ears .	1
let me embrace with old vincentio ,  and wander we to see thy honest son ,  who will of thy arrival be full joyous .	1
don’t weep, don’t weep.	1
to whom do you speak this?	1
o wicked wall through whom i see no bliss !	1
don’t try to tempt me !	1
that 'scuse serves many men to save their gifts.	1
why then ,  god's soldier be he !	1
a privilege never to see me more .	1
there, my lord.	1
but i jabber on a little too wildly, and there i am forgetting my father's lessons.	1
o fool !	1
murder !	1
if i could add a lie unto a fault ,  i would deny it; but you see ,  my finger hath not the ring upon it ,  it is gone .	1
it’s unnatural, even like the deed that's been done.	1
now am i dead .	1
gentlemen, you are welcome to elsinore.	1
truly ,  lady ,  you have a merry heart .	1
the devil take your soul !	1
you know ,  he brought me out o' favor with my lady about a bear - baiting here .	1
what power can rein in promiscuous evil once it’s gotten rolling ?	1
i think it is the weakness of my eyes that sees this monstrous ghost .	1
indeed!	1
lay her in the earth, and may violets spring from her fair and unpolluted flesh!	1
the king ,  the king's to blame .	1
make forth .	1
i mean ,  in a way .	1
how’s your night going ,  boy ?	1
by - and - by ,  i come . — to cease thy suit and leave me to my grief .	1
now any effort ruins what it attempts .	1
what ish my nation ?	1
o most bloody sight !	1
anon, anon!	1
brave son, fathered from honorable loins!	1
o, he is mad, laertes.	1
let us hear what antony can say .	1
they are loves i bear to you.	1
speak ,  i charge you .	1
i wish night would come ,  like a widow dressed in black ,  so i can learn how to submit to my husband and lose my virginity .	1
i heard myself declared an outlaw and escaped capture by hiding in the trunk of a hollow tree .	1
get that fool out of here .	1
were the world mine, demetrius being bated, the rest i'd give to be to you translated.	1
will you come with me to hear this news ,  sir ?	1
what do you see?	1
you shall have nothing but the penalty to be so taken at your own risk ,  jew .	1
he was very upset that fortinbras had taken advantage of his being old and sick to deceive him ,  and he ordered fortinbras’s arrest .	1
lucius ,  who's that knocks ?	1
he’s too argumentative for me .	1
come forward and speak .	1
lie with her ?	1
is the news good or bad that you enter without knocking ?	1
cousin, there's an angry break up that’s fallen between him and my lord, but you shall make all well.	1
will you show the whole wealth of your wit al at once?	1
nay ,  good ,  be patient .	1
they’re like stomachs and we’re just the food .	1
she's dead, deceased!	1
fetch us in fuel ,  and be quick ,  thou'rt best ,  to answer other business . —shrug'st thou ,  malice ?	1
now i see that all three have gotten together to design this false joke in spite of me.	1
i think i hear them .	1
but though we think it so ,  it is no matter .	1
which dreams indeed are ambition; for the very substance of the ambitious is merely the shadow of a dream.	1
here he is .	1
no, their work keeps them at their usual pace, but there is, sir, a brood of children, untrained, that complicate their situation, and are most tyrannically beaten for it.	1
the devil’s after me !	1
what do you remember ?	1
give me your hand, mr. mustardseed.	1
you made me study that one; she was from carthage, not of tunis.	1
for you, mistress, save you your labor.	1
if such a one be fit to govern ,  speak .	1
this my daughter has shown this to me in obedience, and furthermore, has his gifts, which she has described to me by the time, by means, and place they were received.	1
what ,  to perverseness ?	1
you see an donkey-head of your own, do you?	1
for hamlet ,  and the trifling of his favours ,  hold it a fashion ,  and a toy in blood; a violet in the youth of primy nature ,  forward ,  not permanent ,  sweet ,  not lasting; the perfume and suppliance of a minute; no more .	1
what ,  is he dead ?	1
what services canst thou do ?	1
madam ,  not yet .	1
so shall he waste his means ,  weary his soldiers ,  doing himself offense ,  whilst we ,  lying still ,  are full of rest ,  defense ,  and nimbleness .	1
sweet sir andrew !	1
goes fleance with you?	1
tucket once more i come to know of thee ,  king harry ,  if for thy ransom thou wilt now compound ,  before thy most assurèd overthrow .	1
was he pale or red?	1
fie upon thee !	1
most reverend signior ,  do you know my voice ?	1
what is this?	1
this is most brave, that i, the son of a dear father murder'd, prompted to my revenge by heaven and hell, must, like a whore, unpack my heart with words and fall a-cursing like a very drab, a scullion!	1
say, when?	1
with duty and desire we follow you .	1
i would you were as i would have you be !	1
ariel ,  thy charge exactly is performed; but there's more work .	1
hopefully ,  your wedding day is only postponed .	1
wherefore weep i then ?	1
i wonder why cambio hasn’t shown up in all this time .	1
what an eye she has!	1
that’s no lie .	1
in happy time here comes the duke himself .	1
you’re in love ?	1
how chance the roses there do fade so fast ?	1
no, not much moved.	1
so please you, let me now be left alone, and let the nurse this night sit up with you; for i am sure you have your hands full all in this so sudden business.	1
we have not made good preparation .	1
i don’t know, sir.	1
it is even so .	1
it can’t be anything else .	1
it might happen that these strange signs ,  the unusual terror of this night ,  and the urgings of his fortune - tellers will keep him away from the capitol today .	1
all the diseases that the sun sucks up from bogs, swamps, flats, fall on prospero and make him a disease inch by inch!	1
certainly ,  my conscience will allow me to run from this jew my master .	1
come to my woman's breasts, and make my milk poisonous, you murdering ministers, wherever in your blind shadows you wait on human mischief!	1
i'll tell thee ere thou ask it me again.	1
he is already named and gone to scone to be invested .	1
what ,  is he angry ?	1
her father and myself, lawful espials, will so bestow ourselves that, seeing unseen, we may of their encounter frankly judge and gather by him, as he is behaved, if't be the affliction of his love or no, that thus he suffers for.	1
hail to thee, lady!	1
good !	1
no going then !	1
there shall i try, in my oration, how the people take the cruel issue of these bloody men, according to the which thou shalt discourse to young octavius of the state of things.	1
you counterfeit ,  you puppet ,  you !	1
i know that virtue to be in you ,  brutus ,  as well as i do know your outward favor .	1
my worthy cawdor !	1
she lives about twenty miles from athens ,  and she thinks of me as a son .	1
the time will bring it out .	1
where is the master ,  boatswain ?	1
sextus pompeius makes his approaches to the port of rome .	1
o, help, ho!	1
this sight of death is as a bell ,  that warns my old age to a sepulcher .	1
if partially affined ,  or leagued in office ,  thou dost deliver more or less than truth ,  thou art no soldier .	1
i will follow you.	1
why ,  dear child ?	1
caesar ?	1
the slip ,  sir ,  the slip .	1
why he more than another ?	1
you promised to take a full year off my sentence .	1
alas ,  that love ,  so gentle in his promise ,  should be so tyrannous and rough in reality !	1
therefore ,  hear me ,  hermia .	1
this same should be the voice of friar john.	1
nay ,  like enough ,  for i stay dinner there .	1
in sicyon .	1
fine apparition !	1
now this overdone, or come tardy off, though it make the unskilful laugh, cannot but make the judicious grieve; the censure of the which one must in your allowance o'erweigh a whole theatre of others.	1
do you not come your tardy son to chide, that, lapsed in time and passion, lets go by the important acting of your dread command?	1
sola, sola!	1
past all expressing .	1
come ho ,  and wake diana with a hymn !	1
or why you interrupt our journey on this blasted heath with such prophetic greeting?	1
they are crying and moaning over tybalt’s corpse .	1
o these deliberate fools !	1
you all did see that on the lupercal i thrice presented him a kingly crown ,  which he did thrice refuse .	1
i beg you, do so.	1
o good sir ,  i do .	1
to that end ,  as matching to his youth and vanity ,  i did present him with the paris balls .	1
as you wish ,  sir .	1
listen but don’t speak to it .	1
basting .	1
this, by his voice, should be a montague.	1
no ,  my lord .	1
beg that thou mayst have leave to hang thyself: and yet ,  thy wealth being forfeit to the state ,  thou hast not left the value of a cord; therefore thou must be hang'd at the state's charge .	1
no .	1
do what you want to do ,  because i’m finished with you .	1
o ,  forgive me my sins !	1
i say it’s the moon that shines so bright .	1
i won’t be gone long .	1
let it be so .	1
are you sincere?	1
in one voyage ,  claribel found her husband at tunis ,  and ferdinand ,  her brother ,  found a wife where he himself was lost; prospero found his dukedom in a poor island; and all of us found ourselves ,  when no man was in his right minds .	1
if then true lovers have been ever crossed ,  it stands as an edict in destiny .	1
you see me here ,  you gods ,  a poor old man ,  as full of grief as age ,  wretched in both .	1
this is the silliest stuff that ever i heard .	1
those who rush stumble and fall .	1
let me go .	1
shame come to romeo!	1
you should say ,   “ i sort of know him ,  but not well .	1
see to his needs; he brings great news .	1
we must incline to the king .	1
i am a fool to cry at what i am happy about .	1
that i am guiltless of your father's death ,  and am most sensibly in grief for it ,  it shall as level to your judgment pierce as day does to your eye .	1
silence bestows that virtue on it, madam.	1
for shame, you generals!	1
he will bear you easily and reins well .	1
tell me ,  laertes ,  why thou art thus incensed .	1
can anything be made out of this?	1
well met ,  corporal nym .	1
no more light answers .	1
i will be hanged ,  if some eternal villain ,  some busy and insinuating rogue ,  some scheming ,  lying slave ,  to get some job ,  hasn’t made up this slander ,  or else ,  i'll be hanged .	1
i shall desire you of more acquaintance ,  good master cobweb .	1
a right fair mark, fair coz, is soonest hit.	1
he’s coming ,  ma'am .	1
i’ll wait for you in your cave ,  where you can tell me what you need from me .	1
the fact that he serves as a go - between for his lord and my niece olivia confirms this .	1
that dreamers often lie .	1
stand up.	1
master ,  if you eat with her ,  bring really long silverware .	1
oh ,  in this love ,  you love your child so ill that you run mad ,  seeing that she is well .	1
you may do it extempore, for it is nothing but roaring.	1
if your leisure served ,  i would speak with you .	1
hast thou slain tybalt ?	1
sweet saint ,  for goodness’s sake ,  don’t be so angry .	1
look in upon me then and speak with me ,  or ,  naked as i am ,  i will assault thee .	1
when they next wake up ,  all this conflict shall seem to be a dream and a worthless vision; and back to athens the lovers shall go with happiness and agreement that will never end .	1
bear this body away, and wait for our instructions.	1
no ,  you must forget that .	1
what tell’st thou me of robbing ?	1
nay ,  i'll go with thee ,  cheek by jowl .	1
oh ,  dear !	1
we ,  now at our largest ,  can only decrease .	1
hold ,  there’s half my coffer .	1
i think thou art an ass .	1
you are welcome.	1
is that the man you want ?	1
read it instantly .	1
you’re forgetting yourself when you back me into a corner .	1
methought i lay worse than the mutines in the bilboes .	1
but do you think that’s what he’s aiming for ?	1
merciful powers, hold me back from the cursed thoughts that nature gives way to when we sleep!	1
and the right valiant banquo walk'd too late ,  whom ,  you may say ,  if't please you ,  fleance kill'd ,  for fleance fled .	1
the red plague rid you for learning me your language !	1
what can be avoided whose end is purposed by the mighty gods ?	1
and is it healthy to walk uncovered and breathe in the dampness of the morning ?	1
he is no crescent ,  and his horns are invisible within the circle .	1
stand you aside a while; restrict yourself only in patient way .	1
what drink’st thou oft ,  instead of homage sweet ,  but poisoned flattery ?	1
lucius, who's knocking?	1
i know him well .	1
ay me!	1
you can do it ,  i say .	1
who were you chasing with your sword ?	1
do you confess the bond ?	1
francis flute ,  the bellows - mender ?	1
lady ,  amen .	1
i should have given ’t you today morning ,  but as a madman’s epistles are no gospels ,  so it skills not much when they are delivered .	1
feather of lead ,  bright smoke ,  cold fire ,  sick health !	1
two great enemies ,  in fact ,  enemies to my peace of mind .	1
how should that be ?	1
i warrant you, sir; the white cold virgin snow upon my heart abates the ardour of my liver.	1
i have well approved it ,  sir .	1
o lady, speak again!	1
here lies the county slain; and juliet bleeding, warm, and newly dead, who here hath lain this two days buried.	1
ah ,  that same pale hard - hearted wench ,  that rosaline ,  torments him so that he will sure run mad .	1
now i but chide ,  but i should use thee worse ,  for thou ,  i fear ,  hast given me cause to curse .	1
i will not desire that .	1
dost thou in conscience think—tell me, emilia— that there be women do abuse their husbands in such gross kind?	1
what income ,  what profit does it bring in ?	1
it just appeared before them and marched past them with slow dignity three times ,  a staff’s distance from their amazed eyes ,  while they turned ,  quaking with fear and too shocked to speak .	1
please ,  sir ,  be kind to me and tell me .	1
i’ll bring you thither ,  my lord ,  if you’ll vouchsafe me .	1
tongue nor heart cannot conceive nor name thee .	1
now, if this promise was in bianca's power, how quickly you would you succeed!	1
hie to your chamber .	1
i could well wish courtesy would invent some other custom of entertainment .	1
answer me like men .	1
i’m not in the mood .	1
how answer you that ?	1
in happy time, iago.	1
you are welcome .	1
he will die .	1
is thy name tyrrel ?	1
remember me .	1
both of you know banquo was your enemy .	1
methinks i see these things with parted eye, when every thing seems double.	1
faith, e'en with losing his wits.	1
good reasons must of force give place to better .	1
please go .	1
what man dare, i dare.	1
how does my wife ?	1
and she can weep ,  sir ,  weep .	1
more and more light .	1
now is it rome indeed ,  and room enough ,  when there is in it but one only man .	1
m . o . a . i .  ”  this simulation is not as the former ,  and yet to crush this a little ,  it would bow to me ,  for every one of these letters are in my name .	1
tis here .	1
so you shall; and where the offence is let the great axe fall.	1
when they won’t give a penny to relieve a lame beggar ,  they will lay out ten dollars to see a dead indian .	1
but what warmth is there in your affection towards any of these princely suitors that are already come?	1
i tell you 'tis not very well.	1
if he come not ,  then the play is marred; it goes not forward ,  doth it ?	1
my lord ?	1
another yet!	1
and last night at dinner ,  you got up abruptly and paced back and forth with your arms crossed ,  brooding and sighing ,  and when i asked you what was the matter ,  you gave me a dirty look .	1
there's a poor piece of gold for you.	1
your worship is deceived .	1
do so; and after two days ,  i will set you free .	1
dost thou lie still ?	1
lead us away .	1
she has spoke what she should not, i am sure of that.	1
know we this face or no?	1
what is the matter ,  gentlemen ?	1
i’m too young to remember anything like it .	1
you inhuman dog !	1
i won’t swear whether this is or is not true .	1
where is the county's page that rais'd the watch?	1
i order you to speak !	1
adieu ,  adieu ,  adieu .	1
look ,  how he mocks me !	1
wherefore storm you so ?	1
go with me to the duchess .	1
no ,  absolutely not .	1
play with your fancies and in them behold ,  upon the hempen tackle ,  shipboys climbing .	1
turns out to be untrue; their battles are nearby.	1
let her be strict with him ,  and i’ll be hide ,  if it pleases you ,  so i can hear of all their conference .	1
this ,  by his voice ,  should be a montague .	1
leave him alone .	1
who are these men ?	1
i have to do these things before i have a chance to think about them .	1
our master and mistress are looking for you .	1
first, pyramus must draw a sword to kill himself; which the ladies cannot abide.	1
a man old frederick ,  your father ,  loves .	1
what noise is here ?	1
varro and claudius !	1
i will withdraw; but this intrusion shall, now seeming sweet, convert to bitt'rest gall.	1
let your highness command upon me ,  to the which my duties are with a most indissoluble tie forever knit .	1
kent ,  if you want to stay alive ,  stop talking .	1
let me hear agrippa further speak .	1
let me see .	1
i think it is the weakness of mine eyes that shapes this monstrous apparition.	1
sweet bodements ,  good !	1
o ,  wonderful !	1
for mercy’s sake!	1
i should have been a sore one then .	1
it is good to grow .	1
o, look!	1
don’t worry about me .	1
for mine own good all causes shall give way .	1
but you can’t see where you’re going ,  sir .	1
ay.	1
i'll observe his looks; i'll tent him to the quick.	1
shall i deny you?	1
a bit of a hurry ,  my lord !	1
ay me ,  what news ?	1
who did this to him ?	1
so please ,  most gracious duke ,  order her to bring him out so we can get him some help .	1
o kate ,  nice customs curtsy to great kings .	1
you lack the season of all natures ,  sleep .	1
you have more wild goose in one of your jokes than i have in five of mine .	1
do that good deed which may make this island your own forever, and i, your caliban, your foot-licker forever.	1
lady ,  were you her bedfellow last night ?	1
god’s wounds ,  show me what you'll do .	1
where is my lord?	1
i had planned to celebrate it quietly ,  but since my lord is once more himself ,  i will be cleopatra again .	1
and come with naked swords .	1
be patient with me, good boy, i’m very forgetful.	1
what villain ,  madam ?	1
what’s this noise ?	1
listen !	1
hold my sword ,  then ,  and turn away your face ,  while i run on it .	1
romeo.	1
seafaring men ,  sir .	1
for mine own good ,  all causes shall give way .	1
why ,  man ,  they did make love to this employment .	1
this man is that banished ,  arrogant montague that murdered my love's cousin ,  by which grief ,  it is supposed ,  the beautiful creature died ,  and he’s come here to desecrate the dead bodies .	1
gentle gods in heaven ,  please let me die .	1
alack the day!	1
edmund and i have talked ,  and it makes more sense for him to marry me than goneril .	1
i’ll stop by before you go to bed ,  and tell you what i’ve heard .	1
come ,  sit ,  sit ,  and a song .	1
no ,  no .	1
under captain gower ,  my liege .	1
is the king stirring, worthy thane?	1
these are tricks .	1
o my son, what theme?	1
sister ,  you know he promised to give me a necklace .	1
i’ve brought him a present .	1
hark ,  they roar !	1
do grace to caesar's corse, and grace his speech tending to caesar's glories, which mark antony, by our permission, is allow'd to make.	1
tis well you offer it behind her back .	1
right now you swear to me that you are a virgin; if you were a poet ,  i might have some hope you were lying .	1
to know my deed ,  ’twere best not know myself .	1
i can get you five hundred ropes for that price .	1
my name’s macbeth .	1
in fact ,  every imprisoned man holds in his own hand the tool to free himself .	1
oh ,  that’s pathetic !	1
if you killed lysander while he was sleeping ,  then you’re already up to your ankles in blood .	1
and ,  kate ,  when france is mine and i am yours ,  then france is yours and you are mine .	1
tonight in harfleur will we be your guest; tomorrow for the march are we addressed .	1
i charge you ,  get you home .	1
by this token ,  you’ll be admitted to their cell .	1
why ,  see you not ?	1
turn thy back and run ?	1
aside .	1
besides ,  they act as outward consciences and preachers to us all ,  a visible reminder that we should prepare ourselves for death .	1
you taught me language ,  and all i can do with it is curse .	1
over hill ,  over dale ,  thorough bush ,  thorough brier ,  over park ,  over pale ,  thorough flood ,  thorough fire ,  i do wander every where ,  swifter than the moon's sphere; and i serve the fairy queen ,  to dew her orbs upon the green .	1
why do you cross me in this exigent ?	1
what wilt thou do for her ?	1
when we shall meet at elegance ,  this look of yours will hurl my soul from heaven ,  and devil will scratch at it .	1
i go ,  and it is done: the bell invites me .	1
a love song ,  a love song .	1
my lord ,  this is my daughter here asleep ,  and this lysander ,  this demetrius is ,  this helena ,  old nedar's helena .	1
do you see that cloud up there that looks like a camel ?	1
let us hear him.	1
here’s no knavery !	1
a drum, a drum!	1
show me ,  or at least prove it beyond the shadow of a doubt .	1
give me mine armor .	1
to ariel] spirit ,  fine spirit ,  i—ii free [to ariel] spirit ,  fine spirit ,  i—ii free thee within two days for this .	1
foh!	1
you spend your passion on a misprised mood: i am not guilty of lysander's blood; nor is he dead ,  for aught that i can tell .	1
i know when a man is on fire ,  he’ll swear anything .	1
ask your husband if you doubt me .	1
god defend me from these two !	1
a flatterer's would not, although they do appear as huge as high olympus.	1
o ,  then i see that madmen have no ears .	1
o life!	1
and ,  as you said ,  and wisely it was said ,  it is proper that some beside his mother ,  since nature makes them subjective ,  should overhear the speech objectively .	1
what are you ?	1
thanks for that.	1
i will say for you .	1
angels and ministers of grace defend us!	1
yes ,  madam .	1
sir john falstaff .	1
heard you this ,  gonzalo ?	1
a noble prisoner !	1
we’ll lead you thither .	1
this is my treasurer .	1
i peace!	1
search, seek, and know how this foul murder comes.	1
i have almost forgot the taste of fears .	1
listen !	1
what is he that shall buy his flock and pasture ?	1
clerk, draw up a deed of gift.	1
speak now.	1
thou shalt have nothing but the forfeiture to be so taken at thy peril ,  jew .	1
thou makest me merry .	1
why ,  wouldn’t you ?	1
oh ,  brother montague ,  give me your hand .	1
no passage ?	1
dissolute lowlife ,  you shall die .	1
the prince of arragon has taken his oath ,  and he’s coming to make his choice now .	1
what should we do about that ?	1
he is sure possessed ,  madam .	1
why ,  anything ,  but to the purpose .	1
the air bites sharply, it is very cold.	1
we would have all such offenders so cut off ,  and we give express charge that in our marches through the country there be nothing compelled from the villages ,  nothing taken but paid for ,  none of the french upbraided or abused in disdainful language; for when lenity and cruelty play for a kingdom ,  the gentler gamester is the soonest winner .	1
who does it, then?	1
tush ,  never tell me !	1
goodbye ,  goodbye .	1
o ,  preposterous and frantic outrage ,  end thy damnèd spleen ,  or let me die ,  to look on death no more .	1
i saw ’t i' the orchard .	1
oh ,  thou art wise !	1
do that .	1
had we done so at first ,  we had droven them home with clouts about their heads .	1
what in the world do you call this ,  tailor !	1
i think he only loves the world for him .	1
o ,  that's an honest fellow .	1
i fear'd he did but trifle and meant to wrack thee; but beshrew my jealousy!	1
happy indeed ,  as we have spent the day .	1
and to see how he prizes the fool -  ish woman your wife !	1
in the meantime, i will draw a list of props, that our play needs.	1
then by your side no bed-room me deny, for lying so, hermia, i do not lie.	1
o ,  if thou wert the noblest of thy strain ,  young man ,  thou couldst not die more honorable .	1
an enemy to tyrants and a friend to my country .	1
i am sure the duke will never enforce this default .	1
to what base uses we may return, horatio!	1
what ,  shall this speech be spoke for our excuse ?	1
then do so ,  with all your heart .	1
murder !	1
it’s true ,  this so - called  “ god ” —he shook .	1
god save you ,  sir !	1
sit thee down ,  clitus .	1
so will you wish on me when the rash mood is on .	1
say either, and i'll stay the circumstance.	1
oh ,  where’s romeo ?	1
call me whatever instrument you want to ,  although you can try to cover my holes me ,  you can’t play me .	1
the enemy approaches with great display .	1
i’m only trying to keep the peace .	1
go ahead to the square ,  brutus .	1
if this be known ,  cassius or caesar never shall turn back ,  for i will slay myself .	1
my lord, upon the platform where we watch'd.	1
for god’s sake ,  hold your hands .	1
the exchange of your love's faithful vow for mine .	1
o wonderful son, that can so astonish a mother!	1
so ,  so ,  so ,  so !	1
but ,  sir ,  here comes your boy .	1
will you go with me ?	1
actually ,  even by losing his mind .	1
it’s better that you didn’t kill him .	1
i might as well go before the king of france ,  who took my youngest daughter without a dowry ,  kneel before his throne ,  and beg him to give me a tiny pension to stay alive .	1
we are responsible for this .	1
this is a lowlife who basks in the reflection of the fading glory of the woman he works for . —get out of my sight ,  scoundrel !	1
i can hardly keep myself from throwing things at him .	1
well ,  if you were but an inch of fortune better than i ,  where would you choose it ?	1
what time is it ?	1
go release them ,  ariel .	1
now to my mother.	1
what will you give us ?	1
ho, guildenstern!	1
ha !	1
what is your pleasure ,  madam ?	1
terrible .	1
in belmont ,  there is a rich heiress and she is beautiful and ,  more beautiful than that word ,  she has wonderful virtues .	1
i am glad on't.	1
it is offended .	1
get going !	1
thou mak'st me merry; i am full of pleasure.	1
you say true; 'tis so, indeed.	1
it is your music, madam, of the house.	1
hamlet !	1
you could never do him so ill - well unless you were the very man .	1
if you maybe suspect my father is an instrument of this calling you back, don’t lay your blame on me.	1
pay attention, bassanio, the devil can cite scripture for his purpose.	1
here comes the emperor .	1
yet again your fingers to your lips ?	1
it may be his enemy is a gentleman of great sort ,  quite from the answer of his degree .	1
i hope that we may, but my heart is still very much afraid of him, and my gut feeling is that he cannot be trusted.	1
those are the awakened father and his friends.	1
ay ,  on mine honour .	1
rather seek to be hanged in planning your joy than to be drowned and go without her .	1
are you going?	1
in thunder, lightning, or in rain?	1
but where is he ?	1
trinculo, run into no further danger: interrupt the monster one word further, and, by this hand, i'll turn my mercy out o'doors and make a stockfish of thee.	1
speak, an if you hear; speak, of all loves!	1
an it had not fallen flat-long.	1
my good lord ,  how has your honor been for this many a day ?	1
death lies on her like an untimely frost on the sweetest flower in all the fields.	1
i sent for you about a sad occasion .	1
thanks ,  guildenstern and gentle rosencrantz .	1
unless he have a fancy to this foolery ,  as it appears he hath ,  he is no fool for fancy ,  as you would have it appear he is .	1
yes ,  i am .	1
write to me very shortly ,  and you shall understand from me her mind .	1
now ,  good sweet nurse—o lord ,  why look'st thou sad ?	1
take note ,  take note ,  o world ,  to be direct and honest is not safe .	1
farewell .	1
who is it in the press that calls on me ?	1
i couldn’t go to mantua because i was stuck there .	1
to gonzalo] nay, good my lord, be not angry.	1
if i gave them all my living ,  i’d keep my coxcombs myself .	1
in thunder, lightning, or in rain?	1
let him alone awhile .	1
we'll to dinner thither.	1
no !	1
give me your hand ,  messala .	1
the new challenge scared them about as much as sparrows frighten eagles ,  or rabbits frighten a lion .	1
oh ,  how awful !	1
no indeed, my lord.	1
good - bye .	1
a dream itself is but a shadow.	1
what is your name ?	1
is it so nominated in the bond ?	1
then would to heaven that i had never seen ’t !	1
was not that letter from fair jessica?	1
no ,  sir ,  i say his horse comes ,  with him on his back .	1
how shall we beguile the lazy time, if not with some delight?	1
o murderous slumber ,  layst thou thy leaden mace upon my boy that plays thee music ? —gentle knave ,  good night .	1
i heard them say brutus and cassius are riding like madmen through the gates of rome .	1
shake off this soft sleep, death's disguise, and look on death itself!	1
what though i be not so in grace as you ,  so hung upon with love ,  so fortunate ,  but miserable most ,  to love unloved ?	1
you !	1
shake it off .	1
how poor are they who have no patience!	1
dwell i but in the suburbs of your good pleasure?	1
how dare you serve it to me this way !	1
i assure your majesty i’m only doing my duty both to my god and my good king .	1
my lord ,  the king your father .	1
horatio says 'tis but our fantasy ,  and will not let belief take hold of him touching this dreaded sight ,  twice seen of us .	1
come ,  sir ,  no more . —oswald ,  come here !	1
let’s go ,  tom .	1
end it ,  then ,  and everything is over . —eros ! —i’m coming ,  my queen ! —eros ! —wait for me .	1
by your leave, hostess.	1
but where is kate ?	1
as a child ,  he took such a long time to grow up that ,  according to his rule ,  he should have grown up into a gracious adult .	1
o, here will i set up my everlasting rest and shake the yoke of inauspicious stars from this world-wearied flesh.	1
you must translate .	1
i can tell you, but “young” romeo will be older when you have found him than he was when you asked for him.	1
but you wouldn’t know what a bad feeling i have inside.	1
a metaphor.	1
o ,  shut the door !	1
therefore give me no counsel .	1
wife ,  children ,  servants ,  all that could be found .	1
is it frailty makes mistakes like this ?	1
wast thou mad ,  that thus so madly thou didst answer me ?	1
ha !	1
stand !	1
now i will believe that there are unicorns; that in arabia there is one tree, the throne of the phoenix; one phoenix reigning there now.	1
and ,  as the jest did glance away from me ,  'tis ten to one it maimed you two outright .	1
therefore ,  great king ,  we yield our town and lives to thy soft mercy .	1
what started this ?	1
what’s the matter ?	1
in faith ,  my lord ,  not i .	1
i’ll have herod’s head chopped off !	1
take note, take note, o world, to be direct and honest is not safe.	1
what ,  does the news only get worse ? —please ,  bassanio ,  i’m half of you ,  so let me bear half the burden this letter brings you .	1
and one deformed is one of them .	1
so will i grow ,  so live ,  so die ,  my lord ,  ere i will yield my virgin patent up unto his lordship ,  whose unwished yoke my soul consents not to give sovereignty .	1
beshrew my very heart, i think you are happy in this second match, for it excels your first; or if it did not, your first is dead—or 'twere as good he were as living here and you no use of him.	1
all which time before the gods my knee shall bow my prayers to them for you .	1
hold thy desperate hand.	1
set a huge mountain 'tween my heart and tongue!	1
he’s eager to see your head .	1
sister ,  where were you ?	1
captain of our fairy band, helena is here at hand, and the youth, mistook by me pleading for a lover's fee; shall we their fond pageant see?	1
dispatch .	1
a sail, a sail!	1
my king says this:  “ tell harry of england: though we appeared dead ,  we were only asleep .	1
let it all go .	1
because from his bold words, and because he didn’t go to the tyrant's feast, i hear, macduff lives in disgrace.	1
why does it matter that i’m not as lucky or lovable as you are and that the love i feel is unrequited ?	1
virtue is beauty ,  but the beauteous evil are empty trunks o'erflourished by the devil .	1
quiet !	1
for me ,  i’ll not be gone till i please myself .	1
thus die i ,  thus ,  thus ,  thus .	1
it is the lark that sings so out of tune ,  straining harsh discords and unpleasing sharps .	1
he is as disproportioned in his manners as in his shape . — take with you your companions .	1
didst perceive ?	1
and he that will not follow bourbon now ,  let him go hence ,  and with his cap in hand like a base pander hold the chamber door ,  whilst by a slave ,  no gentler than my dog ,  his fairest daughter is contaminate .	1
dexterously ,  good madonna .	1
go ,  eros ,  send his treasure after .	1
but now ,  my lord ,  what say you to my suit ?	1
to whom do you speak this?	1
as surely as i am the queen of egypt ,  antony ,  you’re blushing ,  which means you’re caesar’s servant .	1
please give me that; i'll carry it to the pile .	1
why ,  then the devil give him good of it !	1
what is the prince's doom?	1
good morning ,  gentlemen .	1
then i’ll look up, my sin is committed.	1
a friend.	1
i shall the effect of this good lesson keep as watchman to my heart.	1
o ,  yet defend me ,  friends .	1
oh wicked wall, through whom i see no bliss, cursed be your stones for deceiving me like this!	1
and how ,  out of your great heap of knowledge ,  will you manage to prove that ?	1
take some men and horses and go to her .	1
zounds ,  hold your peace .	1
i fear the trust othello puts him in on some odd time of his infirmity will shake this island.	1
why hath thy queen summoned me hither to this short - grassed green ?	1
i must eat my dinner.	1
i find thee apt; and duller shouldst thou be than the fat weed that roots itself in ease on lethe wharf ,  wouldst thou not stir in this .	1
a single thing ,  as i am now ,  that wonders to hear thee speak of naples .	1
cousins ,  you all have work to do . —oh ,  i beg your pardon .	1
what ,  nurse ,  i say !	1
make the rope of his destiny our cable ,  for our own doth little advantage .	1
oh ,  how strange !	1
will you help me?	1
it is .	1
do you perceive the gastness of her eye?	1
yes, by heaven!	1
she shall be buried with her face upwards .	1
is he dispatch'd?	1
this man isn’t jealous ?	1
who’s stopping you?	1
what things are these ,  my lord antonio ?	1
mutton ?	1
o hated potion, hence!	1
she dropped it carelessly ,  and ,  seizing the opportunity ,  since i was here ,  i picked it up .	1
anyway ,  i have to say goodbye to you now .	1
don’t talk about helena .	1
smile heaven upon this fair conjunction ,  that long have frowned upon their enmity .	1
if he’s in a good mood i’ll mention you again ,  and do everything i can .	1
let me comply with you in this garb, lest my extent to the players—which, i tell you, must show fairly outwards—should more appear like entertainment than yours.	1
oh ,  you  if you want to praise caesar ,  just say his name—that’s all the praise that’s necessary .	1
my words go up, my thoughts stay here below.	1
go ,  some of you ,  whoever you find ,  arrest .	1
silenced with that story, and reviewing all the events of the day, he found you in the stout norwegian’s ranks, not afraid of what you did or the strange images of death.	1
what wood is this before us ?	1
the three who share the known world are aboard your boat .	1
i have done nothing but in care of thee, of thee, my dear one, thee, my daughter, who art ignorant of what thou art, naught knowing of whence i am, nor that i am more better than prospero, master of a full poor cell, and thy no greater father.	1
if she had been blessed ,  she would never have loved the moor .	1
i’m sure you both remember me .	1
that you should think ,  we come not to offend ,  but with good will .	1
you forget yourself to hedge me in .	1
villain, you die!	1
i cannot blame thee now to weep ,  for such an injury would vex a very saint ,  much more a shrew of thy impatient humor .	1
why should i ,  mother ?	1
what do you think ?	1
send your man away.	1
are you picking a fight with us ,  sir ?	1
o my son, what theme?	1
romeo’s a dishcloth compared to him .	1
come ,  go with me ,  read this over as you go; beautiful jessica shall be my torchbearer .	1
what, hey!	1
goodbye ,  gentlemen .	1
but i’ll tell you something from my soul .	1
i'll wait no longer .	1
what do the priests say ?	1
madam ,  i swear i use no art at all .	1
room ,  ho !	1
good morning ,  richmond .	1
i am not treacherous .	1
the throng that follows caesar at his heels, of senators, of praetors, common suitors, will crowd a feeble man almost to death.	1
good sir ,  draw near to me .	1
what's the disease he means ?	1
what do you want to see?	1
you’ll become a wood salesman and buy nothing but clubs from me .	1
certainly, sir, i can.	1
or that there were similar men whose heads were in their chests ?	1
what did i keep for myself ?	1
put money in thy purse; follow thou the wars; defeat thy favor with an usurped beard.	1
you speak like a green girl ,  unsifted in such perilous circumstance .	1
and we understand him well ,  how he comes o'er us with our wilder days ,  not measuring what use we made of them .	1
i think it’s my bad eyesight that’s making me see this horrible vision .	1
yes, madam, from the reach of my hands.	1
that fortunes ,  degrees ,  and offices were not earned by corruption ,  and that clear honors were purchased by the merit of the wearer !	1
the spirits that know the future have told me this:  “ don’t be afraid ,  macbeth .	1
why are you waiting ?	1
let’s go !	1
here’s to you !	1
my brother hath a daughter ,  almost the copy of my child that’s dead ,  and she alone is heir to both of us .	1
as i sat on the shore crying over my father’s shipwreck ,  i heard the music creep over the wild waves ,  calming their fury and soothing my own grief with its sweet melodies .	1
he’s furious because she stole an adorable boy from an indian king .	1
if you did it ,  you are without equal .	1
and smelled like that ,  too ?	1
what for ,  my lord ?	1
there ,  take it to you ,  trenchers ,  cups ,  and all !	1
romeo ,  that spoke him fair ,  bid him bethink how nice the quarrel was ,  and urg'd withal your high displeasure .	1
how is't with you, my lord?	1
do you love me, master?	1
if i can tell him that you have submitted to him sweetly ,  he’ll request your assistance in finding ways in which he can support you .	1
look how thy servants do attend on thee ,  each in his office ready at thy beck .	1
it’s not for me to say .	1
i don’t hold you, and yet i still see you!	1
heaven and earth !	1
your darling ?	1
fairies, skip hence; i have forsworn his bed and company.	1
i pray thee chide not.	1
maybe you’ll see some little trinket you want to buy .	1
the devil take thy soul !	1
welcome ,  iago; we must go to the guard .	1
if you have tears ,  prepare to shed them now .	1
heaven commanded nature to fill her one body with all the graces that women contain .	1
cheer up as much as you can .	1
remember thee ?	1
oh yes ,  i saw sweet beauty in her face such as the daughter of agenor had ,  that made great jove to humble him to her hand when with his knees he kissed the cretan strand .	1
if i had three ears, i'd still hear you.	1
where is demetrius?	1
come, antony, and young octavius, come, revenge yourselves alone on cassius, for cassius is aweary of the world: hated by one he loves; braved by his brother; check'd like a bondman; all his faults observed, set in a notebook, learn'd and conn'd by rote, to cast into my teeth.	1
give me my sin again .	1
yes, i do.	1
good madam !	1
and some have greatness thrust upon them .  ”  heaven restore thee !	1
dost thou hear ,  iago ?	1
the best plays are still only illusions ,  and the worst are just as good ,  if you just use your imagination to fill them in .	1
yes ,  sir ,  it’s all too true ,  god help us .	1
no, indeed, even if you had your eyes, you might not know me: it is a wise father that knows his own child.	1
what says that fool of hagar's offspring; ha?	1
i know the people of venice well .	1
what trumpet is that same ?	1
wonder not nor be grieved .	1
i am grumio’s pledge .	1
it is almost morning, and i am still sure you are not totally satisfied about these events full.	1
my lord bassanio ,  let him have the ring: let what he deserves ,  and with my friendship ,  be measured against your wife's commandment .	1
what is she going to do here?	1
the duke in council!	1
for ,  since the mortal and intestine jars 'twixt thy seditious countrymen and us ,  it hath in solemn synods been decreed both by the syracusians and ourselves ,  to admit no traffic to our adverse towns .	1
fall to ’t yarely ,  or we run ourselves aground .	1
but with you it’s different .	1
the general is talking to you !	1
is it so?	1
but ,  if you were the devil ,  you are fair .	1
wouldst thou withdraw it ?	1
i remember when i was in love i broke my sword upon a stone and bid him take that for coming a -  night to jane smile .	1
i will verify as much in his beard .	1
i'll charm the air to give a sound, while you perform your antic round, that this great king may kindly say our duties did his welcome pay.	1
we two alone will sing like birds i' th' cage .	1
by'r lakin, a parlous fear.	1
so well thy words become thee as thy wounds; they smack of honor both .	1
please ,  leave me alone .	1
i am now from home ,  and out of that provision which shall be needful for your entertainment .	1
say he’s sick.	1
don’t let the danish king’s bed be a nest of incest .	1
truly ,  and i hold ambition of so airy and light a quality that it is but a shadow's shadow .	1
i am dying ! —my lord ,  you still have one eye left to see cornwall punished .	1
so every holy spirit help me, as i have spoken all my best for you, and stood shocked at his displeasure over my free speech!	1
why call you me  “ love ”  ?	1
that ,  sir ,  which i will not report after her .	1
o cursed ,  cursed slave !	1
my dearest love ,  duncan comes here tonight .	1
who’s coming with her ?	1
rome ,  thou hast lost the breed of noble bloods !	1
and ,  see ,  your wife is with him .	1
it wouldn’t let my soul find its way to air but smothered it inside my gasping body .	1
don’t follow me .	1
for my part ,  i do not lie in't ,  yet it is mine .	1
what ,  dost thou make us minstrels ?	1
and will you ,  being a man of your breeding ,  be married under a bush like a beggar ?	1
how now ,  horatio ?	1
i will hide him, and will answer the death i gave him well.	1
come ,  my queen ,  hold hands with me ,  and rock the ground where these sleepers are .	1
good then ,  casca .	1
ready .	1
they shouted three times .	1
even my tears burn me like molten lead .	1
cry  “ holla ”  to thy tongue ,  i prithee .	1
there are others who, dressed in uniforms and faces of duty, that keep their hearts attending on themselves; and, throwing only shows of service to their lords, thrive well by them, and when they have lined their coats, do themselves homage.	1
how many times shall caesar bleed in sport, that now on pompey's basis lies along no worthier than the dust!	1
he begins at curfew and walks till the first cock .	1
descend ,  for you must be my torchbearer .	1
everything’s ready .	1
the sweetest honey is loathsome in its own deliciousness ,  and in the taste destroys the appetite .	1
if i should say ,  i saw similar islanders , — because ,  truly ,  these are people of the island , — who ,  though ,  they are of monstrous shape ,  yet ,  notice that their manners are more gentle than those of our human generation that you shall find many ,  no ,  almost any .	1
on ,  lusty gentlemen !	1
o ,  horrible !	1
no man handles sorrow better.	1
very humbly ,  therefore ,  bowing to your state ,  i’d like proper provisions for my wife ,  proper respect for housing and subsidy ,  with such accommodation and suitable company as is equal with her breeding .	1
so the weak third of the triumvirate is imprisoned until death frees him .	1
good night ,  sweet prince ,  and flights of angels sing you to your rest !	1
this is the devil flibbertigibbet .	1
oh ,  my pardon !	1
i invite you all aboard my ship .	1
there's another.	1
i will ,  my lord ,  with all convenient haste .	1
be wise ,  and go home .	1
your features ,  god help us !	1
now ,  god help you ,  poor monkey !	1
thou knowest my lodging .	1
you were a cold crumb on dead julius caesar’s plate when i met you .	1
night, hide me awhile.	1
just as if they were perfectly loyal and faithful .	1
well praised !	1
pity me not, but lend thy serious hearing to what i shall unfold.	1
my strength is all gone ,  as if in a dream .	1
don’t stick your head out into the public street to stare at the christian fools with painted faces .	1
hold off your hands!	1
no ,  i will be the pattern of all patience .	1
never till this day saw i him touched with anger so distempered .	1
and joy comes well in such a needy time .	1
then do but say to me what i should do, that in your knowledge may by me be done, and i am prest unto it: therefore speak.	1
when she put it on my finger ,  she made me swear never to sell it ,  give it away ,  or lose it .	1
i’m being gentle with you ,  because i’m one of those good - hearted people who are polite to the devil himself .	1
my way of life is fallen into the dry ,  withered yellow leaf ,  and the things which should accompany old age ,  honor ,  love ,  obedience ,  troops of friends ,  i think i’ll have ,  but ,  instead of them ,  i’ll have curses ,  not loud ,  only deep ,  mouth - honor ,  breath ,  which the poor heart would gladly deny ,  and dare not .	1
to business that we love we rise betimes and go to ’t with delight .	1
stop right there !	1
o curse of marriage, that we can call these delicate creatures ours, and not their appetites!	1
first, pyramus must draw a sword to kill himself, which the ladies cannot stand.	1
he’s dead .	1
what hope is that ,  may i ask ?	1
donalbain.	1
is this the noble moor whom our full senate said had it all?	1
i know him to be valiant .	1
that’s good ,  lion !	1
there was more nonsense ,  if i could only remember it .	1
yet leave our cousin katherine here with us .	1
nathaniel’s coat ,  sir ,  was not fully made ,  and gabriel’s pumps were all unpinked i' th' heel .	1
i have done my work ill ,  friends .	1
i’ll give my life for you ,  just to prove this guy wrong when he says i don’t love you .	1
i got him to leave ,  and made up an excuse for your trance .	1
who's there?	1
why ,  so; since you’ve gone ,  i am a man again .	1
but i know why a snail carries its house on its back .	1
then weep no more .	1
he says i won’t get into heaven because i’m a jew’s daughter ,  and he says you’re irresponsible because by converting jews to christianity you’re raising the price of pork .	1
o my heart, your hope ends here!	1
o my son ,  what theme ?	1
where is the captain, officer in charge?	1
she false with cassio !	1
let me be captured .	1
no more of these thoughts .	1
i doubt it is none other than the main reason, his father's death and our overly hasty marriage.	1
o ,  the world hath not a sweeter creature .	1
by my heel ,  i care not .	1
as i!	1
you are dead !	1
i can’t remember there being another like it .	1
give us kind keepers ,  heavens !	1
because, sir, it is as sure as you are roderigo, were i the moor, i would not be iago.	1
skip over all the particularities between then and harry’s return to france .	1
that’s true .	1
iago?	1
go to your bedroom .	1
their great guilt ,  like poison given to work a great time after ,  now 'gins to bite the spirits .	1
if she is beautiful and wise, beauty and wit, the one's for use, the other uses it.	1
when i raise my hand ,  you do the same ,  and bring it down on gonzalo’s head .	1
if she had been blest ,  she would never have loved the moor .	1
of honorable status are you both; and it’s a pity that you lived at odds so long .	1
you knew that my spirit was completely under your control and that i would ignore the gods’ orders in favor of yours .	1
my soul ,  and not my child !	1
the prince will doom thee death if thou art taken .	1
what says this leaden casket ?	1
launcelot ,  what’s going on ?	1
speak to her ,  hamlet .	1
o gentle son ,  upon the heat and flame of thy distemper sprinkle cool patience !	1
to have a thousand with red burning spits come hissing in upon 'em !	1
but thou art not quickly moved to strike .	1
come ,  high or low; thyself and office deftly show !	1
i sneeze on your manhood .	1
say ’tis not so ,  a province i will give thee and make thy fortunes proud .	1
briefly ,  sir .	1
do you confess so much ?	1
o hell-kite!	1
i don’t want to have anything to do with you anymore .	1
put your dagger away.	1
my freedom .	1
no jutty, frieze, buttress, nor coign of vantage, but this bird hath made his pendant bed and procreant cradle; where they most breed and haunt, i have observed the air is delicate.	1
your two sons ?	1
oh ,  i’ll rest here forever .	1
i don’t have the cash right now .	1
i should make very fires of my cheeks burn modesty into ashes, if i only spoke your deeds.	1
i’ll be waiting ,  a thousand times good night !	1
hail !	1
let whatever’s going to happen ,  happen .	1
is something about to happen that warrants working this night and day ?	1
thou most lying slave ,  whom stripes may move ,  not kindness !	1
shed thou no blood ,  nor cut thou less nor more but just a pound of flesh .	1
how should they ,  when that wise men have no eyes ?	1
but you’re still complaining of darkness and a bad view ?	1
how do i stand, then, that have a father killed, a mother stained, aggravation of my reason and my blood, and let all sleep while, to my shame, i see the imminent death of twenty thousand men that, for a whim and trick of fame, go to their graves like going to bed, fight for a plot on which the numbers don’t have room to fight for the cause, which is not tomb enough and big enough to hide the slain?	1
well ,  sir ,  we will not .	1
that is a step on which i must fall down ,  or else o'erleap ,  for in my way it lies .	1
more strange than true .	1
the human mortals want their winter here; no night is now with hymn or carol blest; therefore the moon, the governess of floods, pale in her anger, washes all the air, that rheumatic diseases do abound.	1
if you’ll sit down ,  i’ll bear your logs the while .	1
nay ,  i beseech you ,  sir ,  be not out with me; yet ,  if you be out ,  sir ,  i can mend you .	1
if thou beest not immortal ,  look about you .	1
oh ,  let their bodies follow ,  my dear king ,  to win back what’s rightfully yours with blood and sword and fire .	1
neither my husband nor the slave returned that in such haste i sent to seek his master ?	1
no ,  my lord .	1
i hope we’ve corrected that fault pretty well in our company ,  sir .	1
the world's a huge thing; it is a great price to pay for a small sin.	1
i beg you ,  leave .	1
what's best to do?	1
but be quiet ,  here comes thisbe .	1
what’s your name ?	1
your royal father was a most sainted king ,  the queen that bore you ,  oftener upon her knees than on her feet ,  died every day she lived .	1
here stands the man—good.	1
we’ll be there ,  and there we’ll rehearse courageously and wonderfully ,  truly obscenely .	1
thou told’st me thou didst hold him in thy hate .	1
this disease is beyond my practice .	1
my lord ,  when i first saw him i thought he was your daughter’s brother .	1
and no man with a reputation will tarnish that name with lies and bad behavior .	1
if he doesn’t come, then the play is incomplete; it doesn’t go on, does it?	1
sweet gertrude, leave us too, for we have secretly sent for hamlet to come here, that here he may, as if by accident meet ophelia.	1
i will ,  my lord ,  i beg you to pardon me .	1
a daughter?	1
now ,  by my hood ,  a gentle and no jew .	1
you’ll be afraid to hear it.	1
why ,  jessica !	1
did you dare to look at him, being awake, and have you killed him sleeping?	1
if i had as many sons as i have hairs, i would not wish them to a fairer death.	1
there’s magic in its fabric .	1
be not afraid; she shall not harm thee ,  helena .	1
the gentleness of all the gods go with thee !	1
his beard was as white as snow, all white was his hair.	1
and till she come ,  as truly as to heaven i do confess the vices of my blood so justly to your grave ears i’ll present how i did thrive in this fair lady’s love and she in mine .	1
from tripolis ,  from mexico ,  and england ,  from lisbon ,  barbary ,  and india ?	1
how shall i murder him ,  iago ?	1
they vanished strangely .	1
would i were assured of my condition .	1
as god is my witness ,  you know you’re mine .	1
and what of all this ?	1
i’m almost ready to break down hearing this much .	1
o flesh ,  flesh ,  how are you fishified !	1
give me thy hand, roderigo.	1
i said thou hadst a fine wit .	1
yet must not we put the strong law on him .	1
a challenge, on my life.	1
i was engaged to her ,  my lord ,  before i saw hermia .	1
if i had as many eyes as you’ve got wounds ,  weeping as fast as they let your blood out ,  it would suit me better than to close in terms of friendship with your enemies .	1
would he were here !	1
yes ,  if a woman lives to be a man .	1
i arrest thee of high treason ,  by the name of richard ,  earl of cambridge .	1
wherefore did they not that hour destroy us?	1
i thank it .	1
look ,  if you really love the beautiful hero ,  enjoy it .	1
now ,  you know how i love you has been proven to you ,  and as my love is cannot be measured ,  so is my fear .	1
all the conspirators, except him, did that they did out of jealousy of great caesar; only he, in a general-honest thought and common good to all, made one of them.	1
shall we go see this fortification ,  men ?	1
all your parts together didn’t arouse such jealousy in him as did that one ,  and that ,  in my regard ,  is his weak spot .	1
then she is well ,  and nothing can be ill .	1
i tell you ,  you’ve ruined her gown .	1
most noble sir ,  stand up .	1
that’s a sin young men often commit because they allow their eyes to wander .	1
i have been worth the whistle .	1
tis very good .	1
say you so ?	1
neither, my lord.	1
i wonder if the lion be to speak .	1
the other did not so .	1
this above all, to your own self be true, and it must follow, as the night the day, you cannot then be false to any man.	1
ah ,  my poor princes !	1
come ,  gertrude ,  we'll call up our wisest friends and let them know both what we mean to do and what's untimely done .	1
a sail .	1
god for thy mercy ,  they are loose again !	1
thou shouldst not have been old till thou hadst been wise .	1
saint davy’s day is past .	1
excellent, i' faith; of the chameleon's dish.	1
how long hath he been there ?	1
do i know these men that come along with you ?	1
would they were basilisks to strike thee dead .	1
the world’s a liar .	1
i can’t speak any more .	1
say again: where didst thou leave these variets ?	1
what things are these, my lord antonio?	1
do not talk to me ,  emilia; i cannot weep ,  nor answer have i none but what should go by water .	1
can vengeance be pursu'd further than death ?	1
he’s very bright .	1
where?	1
i will bandy with thee in faction .	1
be assured of this ,  that the magnifico is much beloved ,  and hath in his effect a voice potential as double as the duke's .	1
i know it is the moon .	1
no ,  my lord .	1
if it please his majesty ,  it is the breathing time of day with me .	1
here comes brabantio and the valiant moor .	1
there is only one hope in it that can do you any good ,  and that is only a kind of bastard hope .	1
yes, amen!	1
the world's a huge thing; it is a great price to pay for a small sin .	1
get your apparel together ,  good strings to your beards ,  new ribbons to your pumps .	1
if i had ,  my weapon should quickly have been out ,  i warrant you .	1
ah ,  rosencrantz !	1
take this garment ,  put it on ,  and then come back here .	1
my generous welcomes ,  childishly cruel in being so perfect ,  seek to hide themselves in tears .	1
what, all my pretty chickens and their dam at one fell swoop?	1
calm down ,  sir ,  please .	1
she has spoken what she should not ,  i am sure of that .	1
no, if i had power, i should pour the sweet milk of concord into hell, disturb the universal peace, confuse all unity on earth.	1
you worthless man !	1
the more i suffer ,  the more spiteful he becomes .	1
to adrian] ay.	1
stay with us tonight .	1
e'en so ,  my lord .	1
double ,  double ,  toil and trouble; fire ,  burn; and caldron ,  bubble .	1
let this anger sharpen your sword .	1
i can explain it ,  at least ,  what’s on the grapevine .	1
i will not charm my tongue; i am bound to speak.	1
i do believe that these applauses are for some new honors that are heaped on caesar .	1
good morrow to thee .	1
i think it would be very hard to arrange for them to have sex while you watched .	1
but sure i fear we shall not win him to it .	1
good morning, worthy caesar.	1
to be good - looking is a matter of luck ,  but to read and write is a natural gift .	1
my first false speaking was this upon myself.	1
past all expressing .	1
pass.	1
i have known her continue in this a quarter of an hour.	1
rise ,  princes ,  and ,  with a spirit of honor more sharply edged than your swords ,  rush to the battlefield: charles delabreth ,  high constable of france; you dukes of orléans ,  bourbon ,  berri ,  alençon ,  brabant ,  bar ,  and burgundy; jaques chatillon ,  rambures ,  vaudemont ,  beaumont ,  grandpré ,  roussi ,  and fauconberg ,  foix ,  lestrale ,  bouciqualt ,  and charolois .	1
lucentio ,  sir .	1
i ne'er saw this before.	1
o you immortal gods !	1
come ,  antonio .	1
not so, my lord: i am too much i' the sun.	1
let’s play .	1
how now ,  how now ?	1
yet more quarrelling with purpose!	1
but you don’t look as if you bring good news .	1
there's a daisy.	1
why ,  there thou say'st !	1
i think we are too bold to interrupt your sleep .	1
where art thou ?	1
have her send it to me .	1
good friend ,  ”  quoth he ,   “ say the firm roman to great egypt sends this treasure of an oyster ,  at whose foot ,  to mend the petty present ,  i will piece her opulent throne with kingdoms .	1
you won’t kill me ,  will you ?	1
do you want to exchange fathers ?	1
fair sir, you are well o'erta'en: my lord bassanio, upon more advice, hath sent you here this ring, and doth entreat your company at dinner.	1
one of my fellows had the speed of him, who, almost dead for breath, had scarcely more than would make up his message.	1
send thy token of reprieve .	1
yes.	1
for there is not a more fearful wildfowl than your lion living .	1
i shall.	1
o, a pit of clay for to be made for such a guest is meet.	1
give me the death sentence and end all my troubles .	1
fear you not my part of the dialogue .	1
what from the cape can you discern at sea?	1
if what he might he is not ,  i would to heaven he were !	1
no ,  if i had power i would take world peace and throw it down to hell .	1
there is some grudge between 'em, 'tis not meet they be alone.	1
but my muse labors, and thus she is deliver'd.	1
i think it is the weakness of my eyes that sees this monstrous ghost.	1
my own griefs lie heavy in my heart; which you will take over to have it paired with more grief of your own .	1
today shall always be remembered as a holy day .	1
patience awhile, good cassio.	1
o mistake, soon conceived, you never come to a happy birth, only kill the mother that had you!	1
if your vengeful heart can’t forgive me ,  here—take my sword and bury it in my heart so that my soul ,  which adores you ,  can be free .	1
i know that my hour has come .	1
if you make us musicians, look to hear nothing but noise.	1
ah ha !	1
let no such man be trusted .	1
to our house .	1
what do you say to me now?	1
how awful !	1
oh ,  that exceeds ,  they say .	1
that will i do .	1
no; we shall never win a bet at that sport .	1
why do you address me by his name?	1
dry up in her the organs of increase ,  and from her derogate body never spring a babe to honor her .	1
we must not now displease him.	1
your children shall be kings.	1
welcome ,  gentlemen .	1
i know not ,  sir .	1
if knives ,  poison ,  or snakes have edge ,  effect ,  or venom ,  i am safe from that fate .	1
well, i am standing water.	1
decius brutus doesn’t love you .	1
come ,  this way to the rowboat .	1
if this young gentleman have done offence ,  i take the fault on me .	1
therefore stay yet; thou need'st not to be gone .	1
here, bashful cunning!	1
you’ll find me ready enough to do that ,  sir ,  if you give me a reason .	1
robin starveling ,  you must play thisbe’s mother . —tom snout ,  the tinker ?	1
is ’t possible ,  my lord ?	1
not to kill him ,  having a warrant ,  but to be damned for killing him ,  from the which no warrant can defend me .	1
you’re brave gentlemen .	1
my heart is thirsty for that noble pledge .	1
what is, my lord?	1
patience, good sir.	1
you’re a funny man ,  sir .	1
her body sleeps in capels’ monument ,  and her immortal part with angels lives .	1
what friend ?	1
could beauty, my lord, have better dealings than with sincerity?	1
yea ,  but so i am apt to do myself wrong .	1
pronounce this sentence then: women may fall when there's no strength in men .	1
good night ,  good captain blunt .	1
i’ll give you the most expensive ring in venice ,  and i’ll make a public announcement to help me find it .	1
whiles i threat ,  he lives .	1
if she be black ,  and thereto have a wit ,  she’ll find a white that shall her blackness fit .	1
for there never was a pretty woman who didn’t like to preen in the mirror .	1
it scares me just to hear you talk about it .	1
i will follow you.	1
beat him enough .	1
yes ,  but swear by my sword this time .	1
and so will i .	1
the friar’s ready .	1
are you not kent ?	1
hold ,  for your lives !	1
and never could maintain his part but in the force of his will .	1
i am not sick, if brutus have in hand any exploit worthy the name of honor.	1
o nature, what hadst thou to do in hell when thou didst bower the spirit of a fiend in mortal paradise of such sweet flesh?	1
i’ll tell thee ,  friend ,  i am almost mad myself .	1
who’s that ?	1
if thou rememb'rest aught ere thou cam'st here, how thou cam'st here thou mayst.	1
o, tell me, friar, tell me, in what vile part of this anatomy doth my name lodge?	1
vouchsafe good morrow from a feeble tongue .	1
o god ,  horatio ,  what a wounded name ,  things standing thus unknown ,  shall live behind me !	1
hail !	1
be wise ,  and get you home .	1
welcome ,  lady .	1
pray you, keep seat.	1
suffer love !	1
it will not speak; then will i follow it .	1
who is here so base that would be a bondman?	1
i will ,  my hermia .	1
well be with you, gentlemen!	1
don’t go out today .	1
speak ,  man .	1
here’s why: it’d be better for the enemy to come after us .	1
my only love sprung from my only hate !	1
emilia ,  come .	1
villainous thoughts, roderigo!	1
and what would you give me for the handkerchief ?	1
now he is for the numbers that petrarch flowed in !	1
for my own part, no offense to the general, nor any man of quality, i hope to be saved.	1
answer every man directly.	1
why, thou debauched fish, thou, was there ever man a coward that hath drunk so much sack as i to-day?	1
hail to you ,  baron of cawdor !	1
we are free .	1
but to say that tybalt’s dead and then say ,   “ romeo has been banished .  ”  to say that is like saying that my father ,  my mother ,  tybalt ,  romeo ,  and juliet have all been killed ,  they’re all dead .	1
he made you to be a highway to my bed; but i ,  a maid ,  die a maiden and a widow .	1
thy letters have transported me beyond this ignorant present, and i feel now the future in the instant.	1
or i’m crazy to think it was so ,  hearing him talk of juliet  ?	1
by god ,  it does look like a camel .	1
you say the king is losing his mind .	1
don’t learn from him, emilia, although he is your husband.	1
trust me ,  i fear it has .	1
fulvia ?	1
he had a kind of taste . —well ,  my conscience says ,   “ launcelot ,  budge not .  ”   “ budge !  ”  says the fiend .	1
the april’s in her eyes; it is love’s spring ,  and these the showers to bring it on .	1
only be patient till we have appeased the multitude ,  beside themselves with fear ,  and then we will deliver you the cause why i ,  that did love caesar when i struck him ,  have thus proceeded .	1
nor nothing in your letters writ of her?	1
o you public commoner !	1
you are my true and honorable wife, as dear to me as are the ruddy drops that visit my sad heart.	1
answer me straightforwardly .	1
there was ,  for a while ,  no money bid for argument unless the poet and the player went to cuffs in the question .	1
almost as bad, good mother, as killing a king and marrying his brother.	1
tubal ,  a wealthy jew i know ,  will supply me with the cash .	1
good lord ,  how bright and splendid is the moon tonight !	1
good night ,  madam .	1
this villain of mine comes under the prediction—there’s son against father .	1
no, no!	1
my lord, we were sent for.	1
so caesar may .	1
i do beg you ,  sir ,  trouble yourself no further .	1
can i have a word with you ,  lucillius ?	1
such men as he be never at heart's ease whiles they behold a greater than themselves ,  and therefore are they very dangerous .	1
proceed .	1
well ,  well ,  thou hast a careful father ,  child; one who ,  to put thee from thy heaviness ,  hath sorted out a sudden day of joy that thou expects not ,  nor i look'd not for .	1
no .	1
and what’s to come of my despisèd time is naught but bitterness .	1
i will do't !	1
stand, ho!	1
take up those cords . —poor ropes ,  you are beguiled ,  both you and i ,  for romeo is exiled .	1
be quiet and listen to me .	1
i didn’t see you; welcome ,  gentle signior; we missed your advice and your help tonight .	1
or did the letters work on his blood ,  and newly create this fault ?	1
tis cowardly and womanish .	1
but those who understood him smiled at one another and shook their heads .	1
poor tom ,  your cup is empty .	1
was it not yesterday we spoke together ?	1
is't possible ,  my lord ?	1
and ,  lips ,  o you the doors of breath ,  seal a timeless bargain with death ,  who will take everything ,  with a righteous kiss !	1
i prithee ,  take thy fingers from my throat; for ,  though i am not splenitive and rash ,  yet have i in me something dangerous ,  which let thy wisdom fear .	1
i never did like molestation view on the enchafèd flood .	1
madam wife ,  they say i’ve been dreaming or asleep for more than fifteen years .	1
thanks, my dear lord.	1
let me go with him.	1
that’s for sure .	1
it was worse than being a captive in chains .	1
what a sleep this is for your advancement !	1
her father loved me ,  often invited me; still questioned me the story of my life ,  from year to year ,  the battles ,  sieges ,  fortunes ,  that i have been in .	1
speak ,  speak !	1
i will not have to do with you .	1
what's the matter ?	1
that which is now a horse ,  even with a thought the rack dislimns and makes it indistinct as water is in water .	1
i swear by my sword ,  which killed the shah of persia and a persian prince and defeated the sultan suleiman three times ,  that i would face the meanest - looking warriors on earth .	1
i’d like you to ,  see ,  because you don’t like it ,  and because it isn’t to your taste ,  and because it doesn’t agree with you .	1
why ?	1
there's many a beast then in a populous city, and many a civil monster.	1
but if i were brutus and brutus were me ,  then i’d stir you up ,  and install in each of caesar’s wounds the kind of voice that could convince even stones to rise up and mutiny .	1
not yet ,  cousin .	1
good lord for alliance !	1
i will go tell him of fair hermia's flight; then to the wood will he tomorrow night pursue her; and for this intelligence if i have thanks ,  it is a dear expense .	1
who is't that cried !	1
little ”  again ?	1
come ,  give us a taste of your quality .	1
give my regards to your lady ,  and tell her to hurry everybody in the house to bed .	1
hold, take this letter.	1
oh ,  they say that dress surpasses all others .	1
informed them ”  ?	1
o bosom black as death !	1
even so .	1
sinful macduff ,  they were all struck for thee !	1
peace ,  you rogue ,  no more o' that .	1
i still insisted on knowing what the matter was ,  but you wouldn’t answer me ,  instead giving me an angry wave of your hand and telling me to leave you alone .	1
will it never be morning ?	1
the english power is near ,  led on by malcolm ,  his uncle siward ,  and the good macduff .	1
aren’t things going well ?	1
help, ho!	1
no ,  indeed ,  they are not .	1
i’m out of patience .	1
let not a traitor live !	1
you’re not paying attention to me .	1
no ,  not tonight .	1
who, i, my lord?	1
make the rope of his destiny our cable, for our own doth little advantage.	1
but why ,  you villain ,  did you kill my cousin ?	1
you wilt not murder me ?	1
but in my terms of honour i stand aloof ,  and will no reconcilement till by some elder masters of known honour i have a voice and precedent of peace to keep my name ungor'd .	1
to trinculo] stand farther .	1
what shall i swear by?	1
most potent ,  grave ,  and reverend signiors ,  my very noble and approved good masters ,  that i have ta'en away this old man's daughter ,  it is most true; true ,  i have married her; the very head and front of my offending hath this extent ,  no more .	1
he’s welcome here .	1
why ,  sir ,  you know this is your wedding day .	1
good sir—	1
either my eyesight fails, or thou look'st pale.	1
yes, sir, all this is so.	1
but you had bad blood in you ,  no matter how much you learned ,  and good people couldn’t stand to be near you .	1
where are these lads ?	1
may one be pardoned and retain th' offense ?	1
here comes brabantio and the valiant moor.	1
off !	1
heaven stops the nose at it, and the moon winks; the bawdy wind, that kisses all it meets, is hush'd within the hollow mine of earth, and will not hear it.	1
what woman then ?	1
no ,  it is casca ,  one incorporate to our attempts .	1
where shall we dine?	1
now i feel better ,  you have vanished .	1
by heaven ,  that’s my handkerchief !	1
i’m off to venice .	1
you are to blame ,  my lord ,  to rate her so .	1
a sovereign shame so elbows him .	1
please avoid it.	1
or are you any thing that man may question?	1
let’s go!	1
a contract of true love to celebrate ,  and some donation freely to estate on the blessed lovers .	1
the food that is now as luscious as locusts to him shall be shortly be as bitter as the bitter apple drug.	1
is that the latest we can do it ?	1
i’ve heard that too ,  and partly believe it .	1
we'll burn the house of brutus .	1
o !	1
i have important business that requires me to remain in disguise a while longer .	1
those of you who are young and active ,  i beg you to follow them and keep them from doing the crazy things their guilt might push them to do .	1
how far into the morning is it ,  lords ?	1
nor do we find him forward to be sounded, but with a crafty madness keeps aloof when we would bring him on to some confession of his true state.	1
master ,  mean you so ?	1
he doth entreat your grace ,  my noble lord ,  to visit him tomorrow or next day .	1
the several messengers from hence attend dispatch .	1
farewell .	1
if you are trinculo ,  come out .	1
for indeed ,  who would set his wit to so foolish a bird ?	1
if he be not in love with some woman ,  there is no believing old signs .	1
peace ,  fool .	1
thus i mend it: time himself is bald and therefore ,  to the world’s end ,  will have bald followers .	1
if so ,  be patient ,  sister .	1
had i as many sons as i have hairs ,  i would not wish them to a fairer death .	1
no ,  madam ,  no .	1
you are but now cast in his mood ,  a punishment more in policy than in malice; even so as one would beat his offenseless dog to affright an imperious lion .	1
why ,  don’t be afraid ,  man; i won’t default in payment; within the next two months ,  that's a month before this promise to pay expires ,  i expect to get a return of three times three of the value of this promise to pay .	1
ha ,  ha ,  ha !	1
putting the juice of it on sleeping eyelids will make or man or woman madly fall in love with the next live creature that it sees.	1
blow me about in winds!	1
caesar ,  beware of brutus; take heed of cassius; come not near casca; have an eye to cinna; trust not trebonius; mark it well metellus cimber; decius brutus loves thee not; thou hast wronged caius ligarius .	1
you grow exceeding strange: must it be so?	1
sir walter herbert ,  a renownèd soldier; sir gilbert talbot ,  sir william stanley ,  oxford ,  redoubted pembroke ,  sir james blunt ,  and rice ap thomas ,  with a valiant crew ,  and many other of great name and worth; and towards london they do bend their power ,  if by the way they be not fought withal .	1
and now that i have the boy, i will undo this hateful spell that i have put on her eyes.	1
the cold wind blows through the hawthorn trees .	1
ay, that left pap, where the heart beats.— thus die i, thus, thus, thus.	1
i wot well where he is .	1
i’m sending you to england on diplomatic business ,  and hamlet will go with you .	1
to relate the details would be ,  on the numbers of these murdered deer ,  to add to your own death .	1
i’ll give him some liquor .	1
we should have else desired your good advice— which still hath been both grave and prosperous— in this day’s council ,  but we’ll take tomorrow .	1
your son edward ,  who stabbed my son edward ,  is dead .	1
okay .	1
here, my good lord.	1
but no metal can— no ,  not the hangman’s axe—bear half the keenness of thy sharp envy .	1
octavius ,  i’m older than you are .	1
so take your last breath .	1
thoughts speculative their unsure hopes relate, but certain issue strokes must arbitrate; towards which, advance the war.	1
all i’m asking for is to have that little human boy as part of my crew .	1
the king doth keep his revels here tonight; take heed the queen come not within his sight; for oberon is passing fell and wrath, because that she as her attendant hath a lovely boy, stolen from an indian king.	1
no, by this hand.	1
well ,  as you guess ?	1
you lie .	1
kingdoms and provinces dropped from his pockets like loose change .	1
away ,  then !	1
i’m telling you ,  you jerk priest ,  my sister will be an angel in heaven while you’re howling in hell .	1
it is some meteor that the sun spits out to be a torch - bearer for you tonight and light your way to mantua .	1
do not doubt, cassio, but i will have my lord and you again as friendly as you were.	1
are you wise?	1
she lies the same way ,  blubbering and weeping ,  weeping and blubbering .	1
good morning ,  my good lords .	1
i pray you ,  keep it in .	1
my lord ,  he asks that you please visit him tomorrow or the next day .	1
you might just as well say ,   “ that’s a valiant flea that dares to eat its breakfast on the lip of a lion .  ”  yes ,  exactly .	1
take thy face hence.	1
she is, indeed, perfection.	1
but i remember now i am in this earthly world, where to do harm is often laudable, to do good sometime accounted dangerous folly.	1
let me weep for feeling such a loss .	1
i have no wife.	1
i will perform this ceremony every year .	1
oh ,  god defend me !	1
i may as well be hanged as to tell how it happened.	1
you’ve strange serpents there ?	1
shylock ,  although i never lend or borrow with interest ,  i’m willing to break that habit to help a friend in need .	1
thou dost lie in't, to be in't and say it' 'tis thine.	1
when is the royal day ?	1
here is a letter found in the pocket of the murdered roderigo, and here another.	1
sea-nymphs hourly ring his knell: ding dong.	1
alas ,  sir ,  be patient .	1
that’s a kind of bastard hope indeed; so the sins of my mother should be laid on me.	1
most necessary 'tis that we forget to pay ourselves what to ourselves is debt .	1
but if you have the stomach for it ,  you’ll have all the help from me you need .	1
claribel ,  his daughter .	1
let’s not ,  brutus .	1
men can be masters of their fate .	1
who wishes that ?	1
my dear othello !	1
denmark's a prison.	1
come on ,  boy .	1
you mock me ,  sir .	1
burn but his books .	1
are you unwell ?	1
yes ,  for a score of kingdoms you should wrangle ,  and i would call it fair play .	1
sure ,  i hate her ,  but i wouldn’t hurt her .	1
i say ,  get away from me !	1
ha ,  ha ,  ha !	1
i neither know it nor can learn of him .	1
twas a fault unwilling .	1
your face is mine, and you’ve lied about it.	1
i’ll go to him .	1
yes ,  i guarantee he won’t drown—even if this ship were as fragile as an eggshell and as leaky as a menstruating woman .	1
please ,  please tell me !	1
he goes forth gallantly .	1
welcome hither .	1
i know his gait ,  ’tis he . —villain ,  thou diest !	1
it would be better if they were all on his father’s side ,  or that there were none at all on his father’s side .	1
that i have ,  lady .	1
fie ,  sir ,  fie !	1
beggar that i am, i am even poor in thanks; but i thank you; and sure, dear friends, my thanks are too dear a halfpenny.	1
brutus ,  my lord .	1
will you pluck your sword out of his pilcher by the ears ?	1
oh no ,  not if you say it right .	1
alas ,  who knows ?	1
what beast was it, then, that made you tell me about this plan?	1
set me where you stand .	1
demetrius loves her, and he loves not you.	1
the rarer action is in virtue than in vengeance .	1
sweet soul ,  let’s in ,  and there expect their coming .	1
wash me in steep-down gulfs of liquid fire!	1
fie!	1
don’t you know that i have offered these bones of mine for ransom ?	1
we are ruined, lady, we are ruined!	1
if his occulted guilt do not itself unkennel in one speech, it is a damned ghost that we have seen, and my imaginations are as foul as vulcan's stithy.	1
how say you ,  signior gremio ?	1
here love ,  thou seest how diligent i am ,  to dress thy meat myself and bring it thee .	1
therefore i have entreated him along with us to watch the minutes of this night ,  that if again this apparition come he may approve our eyes and speak to it .	1
do not torment me ,  prithee .	1
you’re acting like an ass ,  don’t you think ?	1
goodbye.	1
so shows a snowy dove trooping with crows as yonder lady o'er her fellows shows .	1
faith ,  he is posted hence on serious matter .	1
or so much as it needs, to revive the flower of royalty and drown the weeds.	1
i am sorry for thee ,  friend .	1
why should you think that i should not court you seriously?	1
i will go seek the king.	1
the king will be gone from southampton .	1
the tyrant's people fight on both sides; the noble barons fight bravely in the war; the day almost professes itself to be yours ,  and little is to do .	1
take away the lady .	1
i need not to be ashamed of your majesty ,  praised be god ,  so long as your majesty is an honest man .	1
well then ,  no more but this: go ,  gentle catesby ,  and ,  as it were far off ,  sound thou lord hastings how he doth stand affected to our purpose and summon him tomorrow to the tower to sit about the coronation .	1
live ,  brutus !	1
indeed, this counselor is now most still, most secret, and most grave, who was a foolish gabby rogue in life.	1
o, if you but knew how you the purpose cherish whiles thus you mock it; how in stripping it.	1
seven days and seven nights ?	1
what ,  ho !	1
away, be gone; the sport is at the best.	1
fair lovers ,  it’s good that we found you here .	1
remember to possess his books first ,  because ,  without them ,  he's only a fool ,  as i am ,  and hasn’t one spirit to command: they all hate him as deeply as i do .	1
happily this is the second time he uses them, for they say an old man is twice a child.	1
you may do your will ,  but he’s a tried and valiant soldier .	1
why do you lead these men in the streets?	1
i suspect some foul play .	1
my creditors are getting mean .	1
i’ll have grounds more relative than this .	1
you cannot find scorn and derision in tears of love.	1
oh ,  that arrow was well shot .	1
o heavy hour!	1
your hands, come!	1
how now?	1
tom will throw his head at them . —avaunt ,  you curs !	1
curse the day !	1
and for that purpose, i’ll poison my sword.	1
god will free you from blame .	1
why, man, he stands on top of the narrow world like the colossus of rhodes, and we little men walk under his huge legs and peep about to find ourselves disgraceful graves.	1
alas ,  my lord ,  your wisdom is consumed in confidence .	1
help!	1
now i’ll get cassio to do something in front of all these drunkards that will offend everyone on the island .	1
is it likely that the lead one holds her picture ?	1
draw up your powers .	1
yet not one among them ,  if all three were to wait on me ,  could be my  “ man ,  ”  because three such fakes don’t amount to a man .	1
will you hear't again ?	1
you may really be honest ,  no matter what i think .	1
i pray, sir, can you read?	1
what is't you say?	1
in fact ,  i consider ambition to be so light and airy that it’s only the shadow of a shadow .	1
we have enough supplies for it ,  and they’ve earned it .	1
and for that offence immediately we do exile him hence .	1
i have no power upon you .	1
god have mercy ,  what do you want with me ?	1
gentleness, go away to heaven, and fire-eyed fury be my guide now!	1
good - bye .	1
what's the matter ?	1
i’ll give  thank you ,  darling .	1
i mean ,  the lord protector .	1
that was a likely story ,  that you found it in your room and didn’t know who it belonged to .	1
should i believe that death is in love with you ,  and that the awful monster keeps you here to be his mistress ?	1
borrow cupid’s wings and soar with them above a common bound .	1
and we’ll consign thereto . —will you ,  fair sister ,  go with the princes or stay here with us ?	1
even when you please ,  since you will have it so .	1
write to him from us; send it very, very quickly.	1
oh ,  you are sick of self - love ,  malvolio ,  and taste with a distempered appetite .	1
sir, it’s the fifteenth day of march.	1
what ,  there’s going to be a masquerade ?	1
how old art thou ?	1
as low as to thy foot doth cassius fall to beg enfranchisement for publius cimber.	1
the poor thing !	1
good e'en ,  good e'en .	1
cover the sky with a low - hanging fog ,  as dark as hell ,  and get these overeager rivals so completely lost in the woods that they can’t run into each other .	1
could not a worm ,  an adder ,  do so much ?	1
yet i cannot choose but laugh to think it should leave crying and say  “ ay .  ”  and yet ,  i warrant ,  it had upon its brow a bump as big as a young cockerel’s stone ,  a perilous knock ,  and it cried bitterly .	1
and now ,  good friends ,  as you are friends ,  scholars ,  and soldiers ,  give me one poor request .	1
therefore pardon me ,  and not impute this yielding to light love ,  which the dark night hath so discovered .	1
is rome still rome, and does it have room enough, when there is in it only one man?	1
nothing extenuate ,  nor set down aught in malice .	1
god be wi' you ,  princes all .	1
here do i choose ,  and thrive i as i may !	1
not poppy ,  nor mandragora ,  nor all the drowsy syrups of the world ,  shall ever medicine thee to that sweet sleep which thou owedst yesterday .	1
if thy revengeful heart cannot forgive ,  lo ,  here i lend thee this sharp - pointed sword ,  which if thou please to hide in this true breast and let the soul forth that adoreth thee ,  i lay it naked to the deadly stroke and humbly beg the death upon my knee .	1
that's one of them .	1
the sun doth gild our armor .	1
where are your leather apron and your ruler ?	1
come in, who ever is out there!	1
yes ,  and this .	1
o ,  then ,  what graces in my love do dwell ,  that he hath turn'd a heaven unto a hell !	1
what concern are they?	1
let me refer to a proverb that may help you forgive these lovers: if you can’t change something ,  don’t cry about it .	1
you bastard !	1
it wants you to go off with it ,  as if it wants to tell you something alone .	1
what is the news ?	1
but more of that tomorrow, when together with that matter, we will have political issues that need us jointly.	1
i’m happy to see you ,  my lady and my wife !	1
and i am another one ,  so weary with disasters ,  so unlucky ,  that i gamble my life on any chance i can get ,  either to make it better or end it .	1
condemned villain ,  i do apprehend thee .	1
this afternoon ,  sir ?	1
i do beseech you— though i perchance am vicious in my guess, as, i confess, it is my nature's plague to spy into abuses, and oft my jealousy shapes faults that are not—that your wisdom yet, from one that so imperfectly conceits, would take no notice, nor build yourself a trouble out of his scattering and unsure observance.	1
may the gods bless antony today !	1
i’ll go too and make sure that happens .	1
that’s true .	1
what ,  will these hands ne'er be clean ?	1
i had no idea she was cheating on me .	1
where ,  where ,  messala ,  doth his body lie ?	1
tell me one .	1
meet me by and by at the citadel .	1
stay you ,  good gentlemen .	1
ay ,  my good lord .	1
what light breaks through that window?	1
philomel, with melody, sing in our sweet lullaby.	1
i never tried to win over a friend or enemy with sweet words .	1
get up .	1
caesar and antony have ever won more in their officer than person .	1
you'll ask me, why i rather choose to have a weight of carrion flesh, than to receive three thousand ducats: i'll not answer that: but, say, it is my humour.	1
good troth ,  you do me wrong ,  good sooth ,  you do ,  in such disdainful manner me to woo .	1
safe ,  antony; brutus is safe enough .	1
stop ,  please ,  widow dido .	1
what noise?	1
what a sigh is there!	1
here ,  villain ,  drawn and ready .	1
you will not then ?	1
wherefore weep you ?	1
when i have the juice of that flower ,  i’ll trickle some drops of it on titania’s eyes while she’s sleeping .	1
most excellent accomplished lady ,  the heavens rain odors on you !	1
will you think so?	1
the heavens are being stingy with their light .	1
come ,  go with me .	1
i do follow here in the chase, not like a hound that hunts, but one that fills up the cry.	1
no rescue for me ?	1
o thou public commoner !	1
so foul and fair a day i have not seen .	1
or else were this a savage spectacle.	1
i wish i could repay this happy news with good news of my own .	1
passion ,  i see ,  is catching; for my eyes ,  seeing those beads of sorrow stand in yours ,  began to tear .	1
worthy gentleman !	1
here comes newer comfort .	1
there ,  take it ,  prince ,  and if my picture lies there ,  then i am yours .	1
and when he laughs ,  othello will go crazy .	1
no ,  alas ,  i found it and i did give ’t my husband .	1
this is the night that either makes me or breaks me.	1
there is no other way .	1
marry ,  sir ,  because silver hath a sweet sound .	1
never anger made good guard for itself .	1
how then?	1
by all the gods that romans bow before, i here discard my sickness.	1
how will you wreck this marriage ?	1
even her worst faults are charming ,  and holy priests bless her even when she acts the slut .	1
o cassius, i’m sick because of many sorrows.	1
hold ,  take these keys ,  and fetch more spices ,  nurse .	1
if a jew wrong a christian ,  what is his humility ?	1
what do i see on thee ?	1
noses, ears, and lips.	1
and i think that if i hadn’t been brave and strong ,  she would have turned me into a dog and made me her slave .	1
we will not fail .	1
but their trick failed .	1
did i?	1
the noble duke my master ,  my worthy arch and patron ,  comes tonight .	1
give me your hand .	1
portia, what are you doing?	1
nurse, come back again; i have remember'd me, thou shalt hear our counsel.	1
somebody knocks .	1
it nothing ill becomes thee . — aboard my galley i invite you all .	1
thank you ,  sir .	1
where is duncan's body?	1
what sense had i of her stol'n hours of lust ?	1
sir ,  his definement suffers no perdition in you; though ,  i know ,  to divide him inventorially would dizzy the arithmetic of memory ,  and yet but yaw neither ,  in respect of his quick sail .	1
orlando ?	1
well ,  ok .	1
the county will be here with music straight ,  for so he said he would .	1
if i had as many mouths as a seven - headed goddess ,  such an answer would shut them all .	1
i do not cross you ,  but i will do so .	1
let him become caesar !	1
what is the matter ?	1
thou hadst, and more, miranda.	1
commend me to thy lady ,  and bid her hasten all the house to bed ,  which heavy sorrow makes them apt unto .	1
o cassius ,  i am sick of many griefs .	1
poor romeo, he is already dead!	1
but it is still doubtful whether caesar will come out today or not ,  because he’s grown superstitious lately ,  quite a distance from the main opinion he once held about fantasy ,  dreams ,  and ceremonies .	1
if any such there be ,  heaven pardon him !	1
now i’ll tell you the other story about my journey .	1
you are there followed by a faithful shepherd .	1
did you invite him, sir?	1
fear you the boar ,  and go so unprovided ?	1
and hippolyta .	1
put on your nightgown ,  in case someone comes and sees that we’re awake .	1
yes ,  by saint patrick ,  but there is ,  horatio ,  and much offence too .	1
your evil spirit, brutus.	1
the coroner’s inquest law .	1
hast thou ,  spirit ,  performed to point the tempest that i bade thee ?	1
i can imagine more than i can say—i have more on my mind than words .	1
three - time traitor and whore !	1
set on, and leave no ceremony out.	1
nothing, messala.	1
where is thy master ,  dromio ?	1
i will read it .	1
are you sad about that ?	1
you’re going to pay for this ,  roderigo .	1
my mistress lies here murdered in her bed.	1
you are looked for and called for ,  asked for and sought for in the great chamber .	1
now i must to the young man send humble treaties ,  dodge and palter in the shifts of lowness ,  who with half the bulk o’ th’ world played as i pleased ,  making and marring fortunes .	1
one scene of it comes near the circumstances ,  which i have told you ,  of my father's death .	1
an eagle, madam, hath not so green, so quick, so fair an eye as paris hath.	1
go in ,  or we’re done for .	1
my brother ,  your uncle antonio—just listen to this (i still can’t believe a brother could be so disloyal !	1
nerissa teaches me what to believe; i'll die for't, but some woman had the ring.	1
here he comes .	1
and another storm brewing ,  i hear it sing i' th' wind .	1
i don’t have the position to speak knowingly of her; although i may fear ,  her will ,  rebelling against her better judgment ,  may decide to match you with her countrymen ,  and happily repent her ways .	1
into the air ,  and what seem'd corporal melted as breath into the wind .	1
her grapes ,  which make the wine that cheers our hearts ,  die unpruned on the vines .	1
these tedious old fools !	1
besides ,  their writers say ,  king pepin ,  which deposèd childeric ,  did ,  as heir general ,  being descended of blithild ,  which was daughter to king clothair ,  make claim and title to the crown of france .	1
this murderous shaft that’s shot hath not yet lighted ,  and our safest way is to avoid the aim .	1
if she will stir hither ,  i shall seem to notify unto her .	1
i want my bond ,  so stop talking .	1
the moon sets at twelve ,  right ?	1
good signior angelo ,  you must excuse us all; my wife is shrewish when i keep not hours .	1
sir ,  very carefully .	1
and a good lady ,  and a wise and virtuous lady .	1
look you ,  sad friends ,  the gods rebuke me ,  but it is tidings to wash the eyes of kings .	1
o heavy day !	1
please—and i’ll pay you plenty for this—help me conceal my identity ,  and find me the right disguise so i can look the way i want .	1
fill my cup ,  lucius ,  until the wine overflows it .	1
peace ,  ho !	1
the business she hath broached in the state cannot endure my absence .	1
it was a lovely wedding ,  and we’re doing really well on our trip home .	1
but yet methinks it is very sultry and hot for my complexion .	1
i said, an elder soldier, not a better.	1
they could be content to visit other places ,  and come down with fearful bravery ,  thinking by this face to fasten in our thoughts that they have courage; but 'tis not so .	1
you’re a natural - born philosopher !	1
and, england, if you hold my love at anything, as my great power may give you some sense, since your scar still looks raw and red after the danish sword, and your open fear pays homage to us, you might not view our sovereign process coldly, which gives you full power, by letters testifying to that effect, the present death of hamlet.	1
in the name of truth, are you fantastic beings or indeed what you look like?	1
but let’s see once more what the gold one says:  “ he who chooses me will get what many men want .  ”  that’s portia !	1
truly ,  shepherd ,  in respect of itself ,  it is a good life; but in respect that it is a shepherd’s life ,  it is naught .	1
don’t reply .	1
o worthiest cousin !	1
oh ,  ’twill be admirable !	1
not even one success ?	1
will you sup there ?	1
i swear i never hated you or your father !	1
oh ,  now i really need that priest who spoke to me today !	1
oh ,  this is it that makes your servants droop !	1
i am not bound to please thee with my answers .	1
you durst not so have tempted him.	1
even so lies she ,  blubbering and weeping ,  weeping and blubbering .	1
the wind sits in the shoulder of your sail, and you are stay'd for.	1
don’t come again to ask for my ransom ,  good messenger .	1
grief of my son's exile hath stopp'd her breath.	1
oh ,  couldst thou speak ,  that i might hear thee call great caesar ass unpolicied !	1
fare thee well at once .	1
besides the things that we have heard and seen, there is a man inside recounting the most horrid sights seen by the guards.	1
by mary ,  go before him to field ,  he'll be your follower .	1
pleaseth your majesty to give me leave ,  i’ll muster up my friends and meet your grace where and what time your majesty shall please .	1
strike !	1
o cassius, if you could only persuade the noble brutus to join us— don’t worry.	1
i’ll tell you before you have to ask me again .	1
it must be by his death ,  and for my part i know no personal cause to spurn at him but for the general .	1
of what	1
she trembled and shook because he stamped and swore and carried on as though the vicar were trying to put something over on him .	1
the terms of our estate may not endure hazard so dangerous as doth hourly grow out of his lunacies .	1
dear macduff ,  i beg you ,  tell us you were lying and say it isn’t so .	1
i heard the owl scream and the crickets cry .	1
that light is not daylight ,  i just know it .	1
six pence a day would’ve been forced on him .	1
it’s best just to let him go .	1
and so every slave has in his own hand the power to cancel his captivity.	1
what is the night?	1
damn it !	1
and duncan's horses ,  a thing most strange and certain ,  beautiful and swift ,  the darlings of their race ,  turned wild in nature ,  broke their stalls ,  flew out ,  rebelling against obeying their masters ,  as if they would make war with mankind .	1
my lord ?	1
down with the capulets !	1
six cents a - day in pyramus ,  or nothing .	1
she is cunning past man’s thought .	1
no; we shall ne'er win at that sport, and stake down.	1
capulet ,  montague ,  see what a cruel calamity is caused your hate ,  that heaven finds a way to kill your joys with love !	1
i know the man well .	1
good .	1
give me your neaf ,  monsieur mustardseed .	1
then let octavia dig up your face with her nails .	1
sin from my lips ?	1
as king of this country i like to reward wit when i hear it .	1
should we watch this ridiculous scene ?	1
it shall be called bottom's dream ,  because it has no bottom; and i will sing it in the latter end of a play ,  before the duke .	1
come ,  you spirits that hear mortal thoughts ,  take away my womanhood; and fill me ,  from my head to my toes ,  full of most terrible cruelty !	1
what ,  are you hurt ?	1
this will prove a brave kingdom to me ,  where i shall have my music for nothing .	1
soldier ,  thou art; but his whole action grows not in the power on ’t .	1
i’m sticking to the contract .	1
let’s tonight be bounteous at our meal .	1
so please you .	1
by the hour of nine .	1
watch you tonight for the command ,  i’ll lay ’t upon you .	1
will you abandon such gentle lambs ,  god ,  and throw them to the wolves ?	1
wherefore ?	1
since i have your permission to go ,  i’ll hurry; but ,  until i come back again ,  i will not sleep ,  and rest will not keep us two apart .	1
is that the law ?	1
therefore thou must be hanged at the state’s charge .	1
hurt him in eleven different places .	1
no ,  but swear it .	1
and ere i take this charm from off her sight, as i can take it with another herb, i'll make her render up her page to me.	1
what's your will ?	1
no ,  dear queen .	1
let him go ,  gertrude .	1
i did .	1
sola ,  sola !	1
and you’re not suited for any place except hell .	1
hello !	1
then she hath sworn that she will still live chaste ?	1
myself and what is mine to you and yours is now converted .	1
then we’ll go out ,  even to the marketplace ,  and ,  waving our bloody swords over our heads ,  let’s cry ,   “ peace ,  freedom ,  and liberty !  ”  kneel then ,  and wash .	1
i think she’ll sooner prove a soldier .	1
and if he doesn’t deserve this joy on earth ,  he’ll never deserve it in heaven .	1
sweetheart!	1
banquo and macbeth, all hail!	1
ay, ay!	1
never let such disagreements come between our souls !	1
i pray you ,  master ,  tell me ?	1
he went before me ,  and still dares me to fight; when i get to where he’s calling from ,  he’s gone .	1
then you shall be his surety .	1
i would like to get to know you better, good master cobweb.	1
for what ,  i pray thee ?	1
here's fine turnaround, if we were able to see it.	1
what else ?	1
iago, look with care about the town, and silence those whom this vile brawl distracted.	1
i mean ,  the matter that you read ,  my lord .	1
tis dangerous when the baser nature comes between the pass and fell incensèd points of mighty opposites .	1
o ,  for two special reasons ,  which may to you ,  perhaps ,  seem much unsinew'd ,  but yet to me they are strong .	1
you can go straight to hell !	1
let’s go forth ,  dear countrymen .	1
on me ,  whose all not equals edward’s moiety ?	1
but jealous souls will not be answered that way; they are not ever jealous for a reason, but jealous because they are jealous.	1
tell her to come here .	1
as gaming, my lord.	1
sir ,  my good friend ,  i’ll change that name with you .	1
give me your hand, messala.	1
therefore our everlasting farewell take.	1
yes ,  of course .	1
and when i rear my hand ,  do you the like ,  to fall it on gonzalo .	1
farewell.	1
marry, i will; and this is wisely done.	1
this sin of greediness digs in deeper; grows with a more dangerous root than summer-seeming lust; and it has been the sword of our slain kings.	1
know ,  caesar doth not wrong ,  nor without cause will he be satisfied .	1
forgive me ,  i beg you !	1
the brightness of her cheek would shame those stars as daylight doth a lamp; her eyes in heaven would through the airy region stream so bright that birds would sing and think it were not night.	1
and know it now, the senate have concluded to give this day a crown to mighty caesar.	1
oh excellent!	1
who are the actors ?	1
what ,  shall one of us ,  that struck the foremost man of all this world but for supporting robbers ,  shall we now contaminate our fingers with base bribes and sell the mighty space of our large honors for so much trash as may be grasped thus ?	1
i pray you ,  hear her speak .	1
arise, fair sun, and kill the jealous moon, who is already sick and pale with grief, that you, her maid, are far more beautiful than she is.	1
the king never sighed by himself ,  but with the whole country’s groan .	1
in genoa?	1
yes, for the state; not for antonio.	1
i take this offer then: pay the bond thrice and let the christian go .	1
i mistook you for that sly venetian woman who married othello . —you whorehouse - keeper .	1
so guildenstern and rosencrantz go to it.	1
you can play no part but pyramus; for pyramus is a sweet - faced man; a proper man that you shall see on a summer's day; a most lovely gentleman - like man; therefore you must absolutely play pyramus .	1
naught that i am, not for their own demerits, but for mine, fell slaughter on their souls.	1
as crazy as the sea and wind, when both fight over which is mightier.	1
you have taken it wiselier than i meant you should.	1
what hath quenched them hath given me fire .	1
friends both, go join you with some further aid.	1
no ,  you shall not .	1
i have, my lord.	1
it’s not morning yet .	1
caesar, all hail!	1
how long is that since ?	1
he did, from first to last.	1
strike ,  drum .	1
i will be mild and gentle in my words .	1
why, you will quarrel with a man that has a hair more or a hair less in his beard than you have.	1
give me some help .	1
next he slung his arm around the bride’s neck and kissed her with such a smack that when they parted the sound of their lips made the whole church echo .	1
roderigo .	1
iago ,  who began't ?	1
and from now on ,  when you get hot with me ,  i’ll assume it’s your mother speaking and leave it at that .	1
there is ten thousand— geese ,  villain ?	1
got it ?	1
by next week ,  i’ll be able to pay you .	1
but soft!	1
you may ,  indeed ,  say so ,  because it was that hand that gave away my heart .	1
that’s an oath of great power ,  and our fury must subside .	1
i’ll recognize him all right ,  i’m sure of it .	1
illo ,  ho ,  ho ,  my lord !	1
she’s the devil .	1
o villain ,  villain ,  smiling ,  damnèd villain !	1
you have the nerve to call me daughter ?	1
seems ,  madam ?	1
i’ll make him find him .	1
so that by my foes ,  sir i profit in the knowledge of myself ,  and by my friends ,  i am abused .	1
your mother sends her blessings .	1
well ,  while i live ,  i'll fear no other thing so much as keeping nerissa's ring safe .	1
what can be avoided whose end is purposed by the mighty gods?	1
give me my principal, and let me go.	1
the tyrant custom, most grave senators, hath made the flinty and steel couch of war my thrice driven bed of down.	1
he said  “ goodbye ,  madam ,  ”  and nothing else .	1
i know not what you mean by that, but i am sure caesar fell down.	1
is he not a most profane and liberal counselor?	1
captain of our fairy band, helena is here at hand, and the youth mistaken by me pleading for her love; shall we watch what they’re doing?	1
i am very proud, revengeful, ambitious, with more offenses at my command than i have thoughts to put them in, imagination to give them shape, or time to commit them in.	1
you guide me on the way that i was going, and show me the instrument i was to use.	1
go on; i'll go to dinner; go quickly to the cell .	1
lady ,  such a man as all the world -  why he's a man of wax .	1
and i am sick when i don’t look at you.	1
if't be so ,  for banquo's issue have i filed my mind ,  for them the gracious duncan have i murdered ,  put rancors in the vessel of my peace only for them ,  and mine eternal jewel given to the common enemy of man ,  to make them kings ,  the seed of banquo kings !	1
i’ll put it on anyway .	1
how is ’t ?	1
let them be hunted soundly .	1
now that we’re near enough, throw the branch down, and look like the men you are.	1
come on .	1
where is he ,  in his bed ?	1
o ,  hardness to dissemble !	1
well, peace be with you!	1
stay here for a bit; you shall not go back until i have carried this corpse into the market place.	1
what cannot be preserved when fortune takes ,  patience her injury a mockery makes .	1
here, here!	1
how canst thou thus, for shame, titania, glance at my credit with hippolyta, knowing i know thy love to theseus?	1
the deal is closed .	1
oh ,  regan ,  goneril ,  your kind old father whose generous heart gave you everything—oh ,  if i think about that i’ll go mad .	1
what a farce !	1
i must wake you up .	1
let me tell you, cassius, you yourself are much condemned for being greedy, to sell and advertise your offices to unworthy people for gold.	1
brutus hath rived my heart .	1
my blessing instill these things in you!	1
lepidus is red in the face .	1
o, 'tis the spite of hell, the fiend's archmock, to lip a wanton in a secure couch, and to suppose her chaste!	1
my life is run his compass .	1
was he a gentleman?	1
i fear he will .	1
what is your pleasure ?	1
if thou dost marry, i'll give thee this plague for thy dowry: be thou as chaste as ice, as pure as snow, thou shalt not escape calumny.	1
hark!	1
no ,  sir ,  god forbid ,  but ashamed to kiss .	1
of laertes ?	1
tears exhibit my voice .	1
then plainly know my heart’s dear love is set on the fair daughter of rich capulet .	1
we doubt not of a fair and lucky war ,  since god so graciously hath brought to light this dangerous treason lurking in our way to hinder our beginnings .	1
you need to sleep.	1
god ,  if he who wrote the play had played pyramus ,  and hanged himself in thisbe's garter ,  it would have been a fine tragedy .	1
tell me ,  heavenly bow ,  if venus or her son ,  as thou dost know ,  do now attend the queen .	1
of him, sir.	1
why, what a king is this!	1
did you see the king today ,  lord derby ?	1
what do you say to me now ?	1
did he lose his other eye ?	1
i think i hear them.	1
here's such a choice!	1
good words are better than bad strokes, octavius.	1
why are you leaving ,  my angry friend ?	1
get yourself to a convent ,  at once .	1
what storm is this that blows so contrary?	1
which plays ,  what music ?	1
i see this hath a little dash'd your spirits .	1
trinculo, if you trouble him any more in's tale, by this hand, i will supplant some of your teeth.	1
good ,  sir ?	1
i hear a knocking at the south entry .	1
i shall have glory by this losing day ,  more than octavius and mark antony shall get by this evil conquest .	1
a beggar ,  brother ?	1
will you go to them?	1
o ,  he's the courageous captain of compliments .	1
you’re not conquered.	1
i’m sure it is to knight you ,  captain .	1
there’s money for your pains .	1
the  “ fiery ”  duke ?	1
my dear regan ,  your sister’s not worth anything .	1
go ,  be gone .	1
ay; or else one must come in with a bush of thorns and a lantern ,  and say he comes to disfigure ,  or to present ,  the person of moonshine .	1
let me wipe it off first .	1
more of this matter cannot i report .	1
weak of purpose!	1
now all is well .	1
who do you think ?	1
i didn’t accuse you of lying .	1
who is that knocking ?	1
but let’s stop this drinking and get down to business . —god forgive our sins ! —gentlemen ,  let’s get down to business .	1
where is my father?	1
a touch, a touch, i do confess.	1
a fig for a mask!	1
they that reap must sheaf and bind ,  then to cart with rosalind .	1
say no more .	1
good morrow to my sovereign king and queen ,  and ,  princely peers ,  a happy time of day .	1
by a name that i don’t know how to tell you who i am.	1
look, where he has turned pale, and has tears in his eyes.	1
perhaps ,  to make it the more gracious ,  i shall sing it at her death .	1
i’ll vouch for grumio .	1
he will, if he lives to be a man.	1
no child but hero; she’s his only heir .	1
who would fardels bear ,  to grunt and sweat under a weary life ,  but that the dread of something after death the undiscover'd country ,  from whose bourn no traveller returns ,  puzzles the will ,  and makes us rather bear those ills we have than fly to others that we know not of ?	1
farewell ,  farewell .	1
my mother had a maid call'd barbara; she was in love ,  and he she loved proved mad and did forsake her .	1
that skull had a tongue in it ,  and could sing once .	1
i know you well .	1
i saw him holding the handkerchief !	1
oh ,  yet i do repent me of my fury ,  that i did kill them .	1
yes ,  you’re absolutely right .	1
i was not born to die on brutus' sword .	1
o ,  if thou be’st the same egeon ,  speak ,  and speak unto the same emilia .	1
if i can catch him once upon the hip, i will feed fat the ancient grudge i bear him.	1
do you not hear it ring ?	1
near to her close and consecrated bower ,  while she was in her dull and sleeping hour ,  a crew of patches ,  rude mechanicals ,  that work for bread upon athenian stalls ,  were met together to rehearse a play ,  intended for great theseus' nuptial - day .	1
peace, and be quiet!	1
dance away: don’t delay: all of you meet me by dawn .	1
master malvolio ?	1
i want very much to find out .	1
moon-calf, speak once in thy life, if thou beest a good moon-calf.	1
in every detail .	1
most rightful judge !	1
i’m well ,  and probably will be for a while ,  as i hear that four feasts are being prepared .	1
oh ,  i’m dying of hunger .	1
less than an ace ,  man; for he is dead; he is nothing .	1
don’t think about her .	1
the wind that scatters young men throughout the world ,  encouraging them to seek their fortunes some place other than home ,  where there’s little to be found in the way of experience .	1
he shall in time be ready .	1
good gentlemen, he has much talked of you, and i am sure that there are not living two men with whom he feels close.	1
i ask for him ,  and he comes .	1
in my chamber window lies a book .	1
has he come home yet ?	1
what love could press lysander from my side ?	1
carried to colmekill ,  the sacred storehouse of his predecessors and guardian of their bones .	1
bring her to try wi' th' main course .	1
the gentleman who serves you only for profit and is only superficially loyal to you will take off when it starts to rain and leave you alone in the storm .	1
if not ,  goodbye .	1
the king ,  sir ,  has bet that in a dozen rounds between you and laertes ,  he won’t beat you by more than three hits .	1
what?	1
believe me, king of shadows, i was really mistaken.	1
sir ,  they are spoken ,  and these things are true .	1
here was a caesar!	1
what traitor hears me and doesn’t say amen ?	1
he has brave utensils—for so he calls them— which when he has a house ,  he’ll deck withal .	1
here ,  madam:     translate .	1
the very transfers of his lands will scarcely lie in this box ,  and must the inheritor himself have no more ,  huh ?	1
and is everyone who swears and lies a traitor ?	1
why shouldn’t she take my hand ,  father ?	1
my lord ,  what do you want ?	1
is there no offence in't?	1
aside .	1
what!	1
good majesty ,  herod of jewry dare not look upon you but when you are well pleased .	1
oh ,  she’s a fine woman !	1
thou art too like the spirit of banquo .	1
let me see: “who chooses me shall gain what many men desire.” what many men desire!	1
where are the thousand	1
his highness is not well .	1
yes ,  sir ,  very well—i’m here in your orchard .	1
before my body i throw my warlike shield .	1
gloucester ,  ’tis true that we are in great danger .	1
is ’t not your trick ?	1
faith ,  sir ,  you need not fear .	1
if i cut my finger ,  i’ll use you as a bandage to stop the bleeding . —and your name ,  sir ?	1
now talk to him in your own voice ,  and tell me how he is .	1
death is my heir .	1
on such a full sea are we now afloat ,  and we must take the current when it serves or lose our ventures .	1
o ,  it offends me to the soul to hear a robustious periwig - pated fellow tear a passion to tatters ,  to very rags ,  to split the ears of the groundlings ,  who ,  for the most part ,  are capable of nothing but inexplicable dumb - shows and noise .	1
but how ,  but how ?	1
and thou unfit for any place but hell .	1
therefore ,  o antony ,  stay not by his side .	1
it is gone .	1
roderigo killed ?	1
room for antony ! —most noble antony !	1
what’s that ?	1
i hear his footsteps .	1
i look down towards his feet; but that's a fable .	1
mis - shapen disorder of perfectly pleasing forms !	1
who stays it still withal ?	1
who’s his lieutenant ,  hear you ?	1
see, see, our honor'd hostess!	1
hide behind the boxwood hedge ,  all three of you .	1
ah ,  alas !	1
isn’t that he who lies on the ground?	1
i am constant to my purposes; they follow the king's pleasure .	1
let the doors be locked .	1
if you will patiently dance in our round, and see our moonlight revels, go with us; if not, shun me, and i will spare your haunts.	1
look ,  it’s the prince and mr .  love .	1
o !	1
they did so, to the amazement of mine eyes that look'd upon't.	1
i know the good king and queen have sent for you .	1
who is't you mean ?	1
i have more care to stay than will to go .	1
and not one vessel escaped the dreadful touch of the rocks that can break a merchant ?	1
my girlfriend has beautiful white hands ,  and great warriors aren’t  ha ,  ha !	1
some o’ their plants are ill - rooted already .	1
she is ,  indeed ,  perfection .	1
then ,  is there the county palatine .	1
goodbye .	1
did not you tell me i should know the man by the athenian garments he had on?	1
on the ground !	1
enjoy the honey - heavy dew of slumber; thou hast no figures nor no fantasies ,  which busy care draws in the brains of men; therefore thou sleep'st so sound .	1
of honourable reckoning are you both ,  and pity 'tis you liv'd at odds so long .	1
what mean you ,  caesar ?	1
o wife ,  look how our daughter bleeds !	1
trebonius !	1
popilius lena doesn’t speak about our plan ,  because ,  look ,  he smiles ,  and caesar doesn’t notice anything .	1
no ,  please don’t hate him—for my sake .	1
don’t, for one denial, lose the action that you swore to do.	1
look!	1
go away .	1
it is, my lord.	1
now, when the bridegroom comes in the morning to wake up from your bed, there you are, dead.	1
think on thy sins .	1
for he is sure i'th’ island.	1
this looks like an abbey .	1
the time is of such a boring duration .	1
oh ,  but i’m worried .	1
then i’ll change it to this: father time himself is bald ,  so for all time there will be bald men .	1
there's a problem in these sighs .	1
i alone will go .	1
this island's mine, by sycorax my mother, which thou tak'st from me.	1
come, sisters, cheer we up his sprites, and show the best of our delights.	1
hurry up ,  robin ,  and make the night dark and cloudy .	1
this is the tune of our catch, played by the picture of nobody.	1
you shall be king .	1
how now!	1
i watched him very well.	1
i bother you too much, but you’re willing.	1
have you importuned him by any means ?	1
and, for mine part, i didn’t dare laugh for fear of opening my lips and inhaling the bad air.	1
why ,  rosalind !	1
you may relish him more in the soldier than in the scholar .	1
goodbye ,  jessica .	1
o!	1
o lord, they’re fighting!	1
but we loved him so much that we would not understand what was the best action, but, like the owner of a dirty disease, to keep it from showing, let it feed even on the core of life.	1
follow not; i'll have no speaking; i will have my bond.	1
here ,  peter quince .	1
let me go ,  sir ,  or i'll knock you o'er the mazzard .	1
he is wise; and, on my life, he has stolen home to bed.	1
wisely ,  and slowly .	1
i heard the owl scream and the crickets cry .	1
here comes lorenzo; more about this later .	1
it is too rough ,  too rude ,  too boist'rous ,  and it pricks like thorn .	1
you all did see that on the lupercal i thrice presented him a kingly crown, which he did thrice refuse.	1
who is't that cried?	1
there’s the point .	1
didst thou hear these verses ?	1
what then ?	1
think ,  my lord !	1
no marvel ,  lord ,  though it affrighted you .	1
o villain !	1
thy face is mine ,  and thou hast slandered it .	1
i commend my duty to your lordship .	1
that's very true, my lord.	1
sir ,  she can turn ,  and turn ,  and yet go on ,  and turn again .	1
they were villains ,  murderers .	1
o monstrous act !	1
truly to speak ,  and with no addition ,  we go to gain a little patch of ground that hath in it no profit but the name .	1
something we will determine .	1
welcome ,  then ,  thou unsubstantial air that i embrace !	1
the worser that you give me the addition whose want even kills me.	1
but as virtue can never be moved, it was courted though lewdness in a shape of heaven, and lust, though linked to a radiant angel, will satisfy itself in a heavenly bed and eat garbage.	1
i’ve seen her do it .	1
the wall ,  methinks ,  being sensible ,  should curse again .	1
faith, sir, you need not fear.	1
then i'll be brief.	1
i will o'erlook thy paper .	1
shall i hear more, or shall i speak at this?	1
i grant i am a woman ,  but withal a woman that lord brutus took to wife .	1
oh ,  god help me !	1
you would be, sweet madam, if your miseries were in the same abundance as your good fortunes are; and yet, for aught i see, they are as sick that surfeit with too much, as they that starve with nothing.	1
nay ,  this was but his dream .	1
how came that widow in?	1
but yet—   which ,  of he or adrian ,  for a good wager ,  first begins to crow ?	1
this is the door .	1
think what you will ,  i am your lover's grace; and like limander ,  i am still trusty .	1
who is he that follows there ,  the one who wouldn’t dance ?	1
hold you ,  there is a groat to heal your pate .	1
my most dear lord !	1
have you conspired, have you with these contrived, to bait me with this foul derision?	1
exactly right .	1
go to your rest .	1
but ,  as i said ,  on lammas eve at night shall she be fourteen; that shall she ,  marry; i remember it well .	1
he doth; for he did bid antonius send word to you he would be there tomorrow .	1
and what says my hidden lady to our canceled love ?	1
isn’t this stephano, my drunken butler?	1
sir, 'tis your brother cassius at the door, who doth desire to see you.	1
have you heard the argument ?	1
what ,  all so soon asleep ?	1
had i three ears ,  i'd hear thee .	1
oh ,  wouldn’t it be great if property ,  rank ,  official positions ,  and other honors were earned only by merit ,  not by corruption ?	1
stay ,  gentle helena; hear my excuse; my love ,  my life ,  my soul ,  fair helena !	1
do you see nothing there?	1
but mistress ,  know yourself .	1
by mary, go before him to field, he'll be your follower.	1
my lord !	1
still a fountain, girl?	1
good day to both of you .	1
nay, let me praise you, while i have a stomach.	1
brutus will lead ,  and we’ll follow him with the boldest and best hearts of rome .	1
you can’t go back into the house unless you want to fight with me—and if you’re willing to do that ,  you might as well just go and fight with him .	1
behold ,  i have a weapon; a better one never sustained itself on a soldier's thigh .	1
sleep shall neither night nor day hang upon his penthouse lid .	1
do you know, servant, where lieutenant cassio lies?	1
nurse!— what should she do here?	1
thou hast mettle enough in thee to kill care .	1
what, man!	1
how sweet is love itself possess'd, when but love's shadows are so rich in joy!	1
what do you mean to dote thus on such luggage ?	1
give me my long sword ,  hey !	1
but let it rest . —now ,  litio ,  to you .	1
say these bitter things to your bitter foe.	1
do not ask to know any more.	1
what ,  must i come to you with five and twenty ,  regan ?	1
for i am almost ready to dissolve ,  hearing of this .	1
my lord bassanio, let him have the ring, let his deservings, and my love withal, be valued 'gainst your wife's commandment.	1
yes ,  celia ,  we kept her here for your sake .	1
where wilt thou lead me ?	1
and pity to the general wrong of rome— as fire drives out fire ,  so pity pity— hath done this deed on caesar .	1
if his fitness speaks ,  mine is ready; now or when -  soever ,  provided i be so able as now .	1
really ,  the priest was good enough ,  no matter what that old guy said .	1
lord hastings ,  will you go with me ?	1
why then ,  you left me , —o ,  the gods forbid ! — in earnest ,  shall i say ?	1
my lord, it shall is done.	1
show me a mistress that is passing fair, what purpose does her beauty serve but as a reminder that i may see some other woman who cannot pass her beauty?	1
be assured of this, that the magnifico is much beloved, and hath in his effect a voice potential as double as the duke's.	1
nor i, my lord, really.	1
nay ,  good lysander .	1
my lord of warwick and my brother gloucester ,  follow fluellen closely at the heels .	1
not stingless too.	1
i did very well note him.	1
all - seeing heaven ,  what a world is this !	1
o strange !	1
i must eat my dinner .	1
stand fast ,  good fate ,  to his hanging .	1
cambio is transformed into lucentio .	1
what should that bode ?	1
be there ,  or don’t show your face again .	1
o most wicked fiend!	1
thou'rt mad to say it !	1
o most bloody sight!	1
what, ariel!	1
oh ,  here will i set up my everlasting rest ,  and shake the yoke of inauspicious stars from this world - wearied flesh .	1
i know you know something— thanks for the compliment ,  i’m happy you know that .	1
some french agents are already at work in our main ports and are on the verge of declaring open war .	1
where are these lads?	1
high-day, freedom!	1
i am sure he is in the fleet .	1
the mousetrap.	1
he swore that he’d never get married ,  but now ,  despite his earlier protestations ,  he loves ungrudgingly .	1
being unprepared ,  our will became the servant to defect ,  which else should free have wrought .	1
is caesar visiting the capitol tomorrow ?	1
ha !	1
if he say so ,  may his pernicious soul rot half a grain a day !	1
i’ll to the friar to know his remedy .	1
well then ,  he’s god’s soldier now !	1
is she not proud?	1
but he which bore my letter ,  friar john ,  was stay'd by accident ,  and yesternight return'd my letter back .	1
look in the calendar and bring me word .	1
and stand indebted, over and above, in love and service to you evermore.	1
but, howsoever thou pursuest this act, taint not thy mind, nor let thy soul contrive against thy mother aught.	1
go on .	1
he hath raised the wall ,  and houses too .	1
a very changeable rogue ,  having no further conscience than assuming the mere form of civil and humane behavior ,  for the better measure of his worth and very hidden loose affections ?	1
there be that can rule naples as well as he that sleeps, lords that can prate as amply and unnecessarily as this gonzalo; i myself could make a chough of as deep chat.	1
come ,  kate ,  let’s go to bed .	1
i’ll never care what wickedness i do ,  if this man come to good .	1
how fares my juliet ?	1
had not that been as proper ?	1
whoever’s a real friend should strike me dead .	1
go off ,  i discard you .	1
yon light is not daylight; i know it, i.	1
you bring me out .	1
nothing ,  my lord .	1
beware macduff .	1
tell me where you live .	1
then will two at once woo one .	1
he’s fine and healthy ,  madam .	1
my little spirit ,  see ,  sits in a foggy cloud and stays for me .	1
get me a taper in my study, lucius.	1
as i did stand my watch upon the hill ,  i looked toward birnam ,  and anon methought the wood began to move .	1
yes ,  what of that ?	1
and as for my soul ,  how can the ghost endanger that ,  since it’s as immortal as the ghost is ?	1
speak, man.	1
confusion's cure doesn’t live in these confusions.	1
within a month, ere yet the salt of most unrighteous tears had left the flushing in her galled eyes, she married.	1
i understand a fury in your words, but not the words.	1
it’s absolutely true ,  so take good care of it .	1
how is't, my soul?	1
i’ll do as you say ,  father .	1
if thou dost nod ,  thou break'st thy instrument; i'll take it from thee; and ,  good boy ,  good night .	1
no !	1
when you’ve finished ,  you’ll be a happy man .	1
we	1
never make known what you have seen to-night.	1
no ?	1
if you really are sir rowland’s son ,  as you’ve just whispered to me—and i can absolutely see the likeness in your face— you are truly welcome here .	1
shall kate be my wife ?	1
fool ,  i say !	1
just keep your love under control ,  and don’t let yourself become a target of his lust .	1
i must stop you, cimber.	1
my lord !	1
joy and fresh days of love accompany your hearts!	1
really ,  are you afraid of that ?	1
many a time and oft have you climb'd up to walls and battlements ,  to towers and windows ,  yea ,  to chimney tops ,  your infants in your arms ,  and there have sat the live - long day with patient expectation to see great pompey pass the streets of rome .	1
i shall do so; but i must also feel it as a man .	1
amen!	1
or rather ,  do i not in plainest truth tell you i do not ,  nor i cannot ,  love you ?	1
it was not caesar’s bravery that conquered antony but antony’s that has triumphed over himself .	1
feather of lead ,  bright smoke ,  cold fire ,  sick health !	1
do you have what i told you to get ?	1
oh ,  sir ,  you are too good at predicting the future .	1
no marvel then ,  though he were ill affected .	1
he thinks  “ g ”  is me .	1
we are free.	1
listen to this .	1
o ,  cleave ,  my sides !	1
faith ,  we may put up our pipes and be gone .	1
what ,  grumio !	1
yet more quarrelling with occasion!	1
oh ,  i hate looking at his face now !	1
has my master returned yet ?	1
the bishop of ely has fled to richmond ,  and buckingham ,  backed by a hardy welsh army ,  is on the march .	1
and as wise as a goose .	1
am i the master here or you?	1
indeed ,  time has a strange disposition but men may interpret things in whatever way they like ,  far from the purpose of the things themselves .	1
what ,  still in tears ?	1
doth his majesty incline to it or no ?	1
we’ll do our duty to you ,  sir .	1
this is the day wherein i wished to fall by the false faith of him who most i trusted .	1
mark antony, shall we give sign of battle?	1
there's not one of them ,  except for his house i don’t keep a bribed servant .	1
your name ,  please ,  friend ?	1
i’ll rest now .	1
i won’t exhaust you anymore with idle chitchat .	1
twill be naught ,  but let it be .	1
i saw her ,  but i didn’t notice her .	1
if it’s true that you don’t need	1
no remedy ,  my lord ,  when walls are so willful to hear without warning .	1
i know not ,  sweet .	1
when these tears are gone, woman will be extinct.	1
ask them prepare inside.	1
so may the outward shows be least themselves; the world is still deceiv'd with ornament .	1
all hail ,  macbeth !	1
o ,  that we then could come by caesar's spirit ,  and not dismember caesar !	1
call me whatever instrument you want to, although you can try to cover my holes me, you can’t play me.	1
you will set cock-a-hoop!	1
all that's spoke is marr'd.	1
the king will already have left southampton .	1
o sorrowful time!	1
is that my prize ?	1
are there parties ?	1
i’ll tell everyone what you did ,  even if it	1
then you'll buy ’em to sell again.	1
ever since i arrived here ,  just now ,  i’ve been hearing strange rumors .	1
well, think of marriage now.	1
looks it not like the king ?	1
a coward ,  a most devout coward ,  religious in it .	1
i would give you some violets, but they with- er'd all when my father died.	1
o, my lord, if my duty be too bold, my love is too unmannerly.	1
my husband !	1
i am glad to see you well.	1
do you remember anyone who died of it ?	1
i found him here ,   beating ?	1
if that thy bent of love be honourable ,  thy purpose marriage ,  send me word to - morrow ,  by one that i'll procure to come to thee ,  where and what time thou wilt perform the rite; and all my fortunes at thy foot i'll lay and follow thee my lord throughout the world .	1
we’re strangers here .	1
if you’re not having sex with desdemona tomorrow night ,  then i suggest you find some way to stab me in the back and kill me .	1
i have wasted myself out of my money.	1
i am glad about it: i don’t want anything more than to get sailing and be gone tonight.	1
do you confess so much?	1
in bed asleep while they do dream things true .	1
true ,  worthy banquo !	1
is not that he that lies upon the ground ?	1
show me ,  show me .	1
i have done the deed.	1
what heir of the york family is there alive other than myself ?	1
excellent well.	1
now all my enemies are at my mercy .	1
come now; what plays ,  what dances shall we have ,  to pass the three hours between our after - supper and bed - time ?	1
and now i do bethink me ,  it was she first told me thou wast mad ,  then camest in smiling ,  and in such forms which here were presupposed upon thee in the letter .	1
sings .	1
bassanio gave his ring to the judge who asked for it ,  and deserved it too .	1
enough ,  cousin .	1
does everyone kill what they don’t love ?	1
what is this same?	1
he tells me ,  my dear gertrude ,  he hath found the head and source of all your son’s distemper .	1
he will live as a cursed man .	1
that’s a perilous shot out of an elder gun ,  that a poor and private displeasure can do against a monarch .	1
couple it with something; make it a word and a blow.	1
lysander ,  keep your hermia .	1
your death and destiny advise your followers to escape .	1
there was no harm ,  i’m telling you .	1
is he here ?	1
but ,  in loving me ,  you should love the friend of france ,  for i love france so well that i will not part with a village of it .	1
why there ,  there ,  there ,  there !	1
do so .	1
unless philosophy can make a juliet, displant a town, reverse a prince's doom, it helps not, it prevails not.	1
but the way he’s divided the kingdom recently ,  nobody can tell which of the dukes he favors more .	1
i must another way to fetch a ladder ,  by the which your love must climb a bird’s nest soon when it is dark .	1
but don’t go with it!	1
i pray you ,  fail me not .	1
anon .	1
nay ,  come ,  kate ,  come .	1
not i ,  believe me .	1
o ill - starred wench ,  pale as thy smock !	1
hark ,  now i hear them .	1
the dram of evil doth all the noble substance of a doubt to his own scandal .	1
come on ,  assay .	1
good gentlemen, he hath much talk'd of you, and sure i am two men there are not living to whom he more adheres.	1
poor desdemon !	1
my wife and i ordered him to hang cordelia in prison and then to make it look as if she committed suicide in despair .	1
a greater power than we can contradict hath thwarted our intents.	1
not me ,  believe me .	1
that pretty boy ,  claudio ?	1
yes ,  by mary ,  they are ,  sir .	1
would't had been done!	1
would i had two coxcombs and two daughters .	1
he shall taste of my bottle .	1
never so rich a gem was set in worse than gold .	1
she that ,  so young ,  could give out such a seeming ,  to seel her father’s eyes up close as oak ,  he thought ’twas witchcraft .	1
fie, fie!	1
you were the prettiest baby that i ever nursed .	1
well, god-a-mercy.	1
protect me ,  my friends .	1
warm o'my troth!	1
what of that ?	1
o ,  by whom ?	1
get rid of your low - class trapping ,  ”  she said .	1
caesar, you cannot die by traitors' hands, unless you bring them with you.	1
you should always be honest .	1
i once more take my leave .	1
one sorrow walks on the heels of another, following too fast.	1
seigneur martino and his wife and daughters; county anselme and his beauteous sisters; the lady widow of vitruvio; seigneur placentio and his lovely nieces; mercutio and his brother valentine; mine uncle capulet ,  his wife and daughters; my fair niece rosaline and livia;	1
twas you we laughed at .	1
enobarbus ?	1
pronounce this sentence then: women may fall when there's no strength in men.	1
although i have slain men during a war, i believe it is a grave matter of the conscience to do a premeditated murder.	1
i am changed .	1
calphurnia’s face is pale ,  and cicero’s eyes are as red and fiery as they get when senators are arguing with him at the capitol .	1
fie ,  thou dishonest satan !	1
no ,  no; he's gone .	1
me neither .	1
lord hamlet !	1
an earnest oath from the king, as england was his faithful ally, as love between them might flourish like the palm tree, as peace should still wear her wheaten garland and stand like a comma between their friendships, and many “as-es” like that of great emotion, that, on the view and knowledge of these contents, without further discussion, more or less, he should the bearers put to sudden death, not even allowing time for confession and penance.	1
only i remember now that i am in this earthly world ,  where to do harm is often praiseworthy ,  to do good sometime is a dangerous mistake .	1
ecstasy ?	1
bassanio please ,  leonardo ,  think about this  i’ll do my best .	1
o, yes, my lord.	1
why did you laugh then, when i said man delights not me?	1
madam ?	1
stop!	1
i do not bid thee call .	1
i guess this is not a fish ,  but a native who got struck by lightning just now .	1
then fate o'er - rules ,  that ,  one man holding troth ,  a million fail ,  confounding oath on oath .	1
a quarrel, ho, already!	1
then i wish to god that i had never seen it!	1
the adult snake lies in the ditch .	1
he is as full of valor as of kindness ,  princely in both .	1
what miserable praise hast thou for her that's foul and foolish?	1
thou knowest that the fashion of a doublet ,  or a hat ,  or a cloak ,  is nothing to a man .	1
listen!	1
tis very like .	1
can i have a word with you privately ?	1
and for their sake ,  in your fair minds let this acceptance take .	1
this is as't should be.	1
i’ve heard that’s not the most nourishing food .	1
next time god sends out a shipment of hair ,  i hope he gives you a beard !	1
o, falsely, falsely murdered!	1
quick, quick; fear nothing; i'll be at thy elbow.	1
you have said ,  but whether wisely or no ,  let the forest judge .	1
i take it much unkindly that thou, iago, who hast had my purse as if the strings were thine, shouldst know of this.	1
scale of dragon, tooth of wolf, witch's mummy, maw and gulf of the ravin'd salt-sea shark, root of hemlock digg'd i’ the dark, liver of blaspheming jew, gall of goat and slips of yew sliver'd in the moon's eclipse, nose of turk and tartar's lips, finger of birth-strangled babe ditch-deliver'd by a drab, make the gruel thick and slab.	1
why, man, he doth bestride the narrow world like a colossus, and we petty men walk under his huge legs and peep about to find ourselves dishonorable graves.	1
so ,  i die with a kiss .	1
lord hamlet!	1
what has the governor of the town decided ?	1
then shall i bleed to death .	1
come ,  come away .	1
i am fear'd in field and town.	1
have you seen my lord ?	1
do i talk to you sweetly?	1
this disturbed sky is not to walk in.	1
right on time .	1
dear duff ,  i beg you ,  contradict yourself ,  and say it is not so .	1
it comes upon me . —art thou any thing ?	1
they didn’t come by you ?	1
he thinks that since his fortune is twenty times better than yours ,  it would be like pitting twenty men against one .	1
courage ,  man .	1
i will set down what comes from her ,  to satisfy my remembrance the more strongly .	1
and so it is.	1
come, mistress, you must tell's another tale.	1
how long is it now to the middle of july ?	1
brutus ,  i do observe you now of late; i have not from your eyes that gentleness and show of love as i was wont to have; you bear too stubborn and too strange a hand over your friend that loves you .	1
caesar ?	1
what do you say to that ,  malvolio ?	1
hath he asked for me ?	1
i will speak daggers to her but use none .	1
no ,  i’m sure of it ,  volumnius .	1
i am glad to see you well .	1
o heavy deed !	1
i'll charm the air to give a sound, while you perform your antic round; that this great king may kindly say, our duties did his welcome pay.	1
what a fine sight !	1
heavens rain grace on that which breeds between ’em !	1
the ground indeed is orangey.	1
young man ,  have you challenged charles the wrestler ?	1
work on, my medicine, work!	1
on top of her ?	1
when storms arrive early ,  you can expect the harvest will be damaged .	1
to prison; till fit time of law and course of direct session ,  call thee to answer .	1
i’ll be obedient and do all my tasks without complaining .	1
my lord ,  he has courted me with love in honorable fashion .	1
you’ll see ,  i promise you .	1
what kind of a man are you !	1
give him my respects ,  and tell him i’ll definitely be there for dinner ,  since i know he has gone to great lengths for this meal .	1
to adriana ,  villain ,  hie thee straight .	1
you tremble and look pale.	1
lady ,  come from that nest of death ,  contagion ,  and unnatural sleep .	1
except they meant to bathe in reeking wounds ,  or memorize another golgotha ,  i cannot tell— but i am faint; my gashes cry for help .	1
i will bestow him, and will answer well the death i gave him.	1
i enjoyed a sweeter rest than sleep .	1
about the wood go swifter than the wind ,  and helena of athens look thou find— all fancy - sick she is and pale of cheer ,  with sighs of love ,  that costs the fresh blood dear .	1
don’t you see my baby suckling at my breast so that its nurse will fall asleep ?	1
why did i marry?	1
what ,  i have to hold a candle up so people can see what i’m doing ?	1
oh - ho - ho ,  kid !	1
come here, servant.	1
but what of that ?	1
and now ,  laertes ,  what's the news with you ?	1
if it were me ,  i’d be very upset too .	1
i could tell you more news too .	1
my lord ,  i did intend it .	1
he fights as you sing prick - song keeps time ,  distance ,  and proportion; rests his minimum rest .	1
aside] honest lord, [aside] honest lord, thou hast said well, for some of you there present are worse than devils.	1
i say, amen.	1
i'll silence me even here .	1
when did i earn this scorn at your hands?	1
from now on, i’ll never be “romeo.” what man are you who, wrapped in the cover of night, stumbles on my private thoughts?	1
he, when he hears of her, cannot refrain from excessive laughter.	1
go disguise yourself as a sea nymph .	1
never excuse ,  for when the players are all dead ,  there’s no one to be blamed .	1
i’ll yield him thee asleep ,  where thou mayst knock a nail into his head .	1
that’s true ,  if the devil may be her judge .	1
all right then ,  legitimate brother edgar ,  i have to have your lands .	1
they’re retreating ,  sir ,  and our superiority indicates a clear victory .	1
now edmund ,  where’s the villain ?	1
what’s the matter ?	1
she took that ring from me .	1
alas, why gnaw you so your nether lip?	1
i wish you’d won the  something bad in that letter is making bassanio turn pale .	1
don’t be disturbed by my illness .	1
art of this house ?	1
i trouble thee too much ,  but thou art willing .	1
wherefore is this ?	1
put your bonnet to his right use .	1
that is some good .	1
you see how simple and how fond i am.	1
plain and simple loyalty doesn’t make anyone act phony .	1
is he not able to discharge the money?	1
let’s sit here on the church bench until two and then go off to bed .	1
we now are near his cell .	1
villainous thoughts, roderigo!	1
good morrow ,  father .	1
yes ,  that’s quite likely .	1
i had as lief thou didst break his neck as his finger .	1
otherwise ,  you would have made your tale large .	1
was that mine ?	1
and so it is ,  truly; and very notably discharged .	1
oh ,  god help me !	1
i will employ thee back again; i find thee most fit for business .	1
help me ,  help me !	1
didn’t you speak ?	1
i can keep honest counsel ,  ride ,  run ,  mar a curious tale in telling it ,  and deliver a plain message bluntly .	1
you heard her say herself it was not i .	1
even if his joy is joy ,  still throw such aggravation on it that he won’t stay happy for long .	1
like the wind ,  i must have the freedom to blast anyone i please ,  as fools do .	1
we’ll do it .	1
can you smell out his secret now ?	1
too long a pause for that which you find there .	1
good - bye then ,  until the time i see you dressed in your battle gear ,  which will suit you both very well .	1
the goodness of the night upon you ,  friends !	1
farewell .	1
sadly ,  it’s the king that’s missing .	1
if you can look into the future, and say what will happen, and what will not, then speak to me, who doesn’t beg or is afraid of your favors or your hateful spells.	1
ha!	1
there is some grudge between them; it’s not proper that they are alone.	1
he therefore sends you ,  meeter for your spirit ,  this tun of treasure ,  and ,  in lieu of this ,  desires you let the dukedoms that you claim hear no more of you .	1
i’ll bite you on the ear for that joke .	1
a sail ,  a sail ,  a sail !	1
who am i ,  sir ?	1
my lord ,  i’ll tell you that self bill is urged which in th' eleventh year of the last king’s reign was like ,  and had indeed against us passed but that the scambling and unquiet time did push it out of farther question .	1
marry ,  well bethought !	1
o husband!	1
young romeo is it ?	1
mercutio ,  be quiet .	1
down ,  and then say also that in aleppo i once saw a turk beating a venetian ,  so i grabbed the turk by the throat and hit him like this .	1
i swear to you by rosalind’s own pretty hand that i am that unfortunate man .	1
well ,  thank you .	1
o ,  say !	1
these fellows have some soul, and such a one do i profess myself.	1
you must contradict me!	1
do they attract big audiences ?	1
she’ll be damned for it .	1
hence !	1
then don’t move while i act out my prayer .	1
how fondly dost thou reason !	1
yes .	1
and the grace of heaven ,  before you ,  behind you ,  and on every hand ,  surround you !	1
he'll be hanged yet ,  though every drop of water swear against it ,  and gape at wid'st to glut him .	1
neither would i .	1
i did enact julius caesar ,  i was killed in the capitol ,  brutus killed me .	1
what are you talking about ,  man ?	1
i was the man i' the moon when time was .	1
this way ,  my lord .	1
how oddly you reply !	1
they are ,  my lord .	1
a crow without feather ?	1
i dare draw as soon as another man ,  if i see occasion in a good quarrel ,  and the law on my side .	1
so will you confess ,  i am sure ,  that you love me .	1
and you have mercy on me too !	1
gramercies ,  tranio ,  well dost thou advise .	1
yes ,  i’ll go .	1
did my father strike my gentleman for chiding of his fool ?	1
thou, like an exorcist, hast conjured up my mortified spirit.	1
no ,  not he ,  though his face be better than any man’s ,  yet his leg excels all men’s ,  and for a hand and a foot and a body ,  though they be not to be talked on ,  yet they are past compare .	1
up, sword, and know thou a more horrid hent.	1
i have looked upon the world for four times seven years ,  and since i could distinguish betwixt a benefit and an injury ,  i never found man that knew how to love himself .	1
presently ?	1
brutus ,  what will we do ?	1
do not so .	1
this will so fright them both that they will kill one another by the look ,  like cockatrices .	1
my lady grey his wife ,  clarence ,  ’tis she that tempers him to this extremity .	1
well, we’ll see your behavior.	1
be patient till the last.	1
but not so nice when women misbehave .	1
i'll wager against his drowning, even if the ship was no stronger than a nutshell and as leaky as an unsatisfied mistress.	1
if you rightly think about the matter, caesar has had great wrong done to him.	1
by two o'clock i will be with thee again .	1
i pray you ,  after the lieutenant; go .	1
i confess it is my shame to be so crazy in love, but it is not in my virtue to fix it.	1
why ,  now i see there's spirit in you; and even from this instant ,  you build a better opinion of yourself than ever before .	1
be not afraid .	1
in such a night medea gathered the enchanted herbs that renewed old aeson .	1
what conquest brings he home ?	1
these things sting his mind so venomously that burning shame detains him from cordelia .	1
here's the smell of the blood still.	1
how ingenious to make horseshoes out of felt .	1
macduff is missing and your noble son .	1
tell me but this ,  have you not sometimes seen a handkerchief spotted with strawberries in your wife’s hand ?	1
here comes his body, mourned by mark antony, who, though he had no hand in his death, shall receive the benefit of his dying, a place in the commonwealth, as which of you shall not?	1
i have had a most rare vision .	1
we'll not run, monsieur monster.	1
fine .	1
it is not honesty in me to speak what i have seen and known .	1
seek none, conspiracy; hide it in smiles and affability; for if thou path, thy native semblance on, not erebus itself were dim enough to hide thee from prevention.	1
eyes without feeling ,  feeling without sight ,  ears without hands or eyes ,  smelling sans all ,  or but a sickly part of one true sense could not so mope .	1
friend ,  look to it .	1
in alexandria he condemned rome ,  and that’s not all .	1
i can’t run away .	1
and there’s another storm brewing—i can hear it in the way the wind whistles .	1
god ,  what a burden on you i must have been !	1
cheer up ,  antonio !	1
i’ll call upon you ere you go to bed and tell you what i know .	1
not yet ,  my cousin .	1
i will requite your loves .	1
thou hast done a deed— i care not for thy sword; i'll make thee known ,  though i lost twenty lives .	1
it is very true .	1
my master stays in the street .	1
i will ask him for my place again; he shall tell me i am a drunkard!	1
and prompt me ,  plain and holy innocence !	1
so goodbye until we shall meet again .	1
therefore speak no more .	1
ha!	1
four days will quickly steep themselves in night; four nights will quickly dream away the time; and then the moon ,  like to a silver bow new - bent in heaven ,  shall behold the night of our solemnities .	1
adieu .	1
what say you to a neat’s foot ?	1
i am now so far stepped in blood that ,  if i don’t wade in it any more ,  it doesn’t matter if i am getting out of it or going over it .	1
alack ,  alack !	1
this doth betoken the corse they follow did with desperate hand fordo it own life.	1
no, not to live!	1
not if the small come first .	1
pompey doth this day laugh away his fortune .	1
we chase everything in life more excitedly than we actually enjoy it when we get it .	1
o rome, i make thee promise, if the redress will follow, thou receivest thy full petition at the hand of brutus!	1
i’ll make one too .	1
we all expect a nice answer from you ,  jew .	1
finding ourselves too slow of sail ,  we put on a compelled valour ,  and in the grapple i boarded them .	1
tell me, laertes, why are you so angry like this?	1
o lady luck !	1
i remember the first time caesar ever put it on; it was on a summer's evening ,  in his tent ,  that day he overcame belgium .	1
i know you’d never skip school .	1
come ,  come ,  i know what you’re referring to ,  richard .	1
why ,  well .	1
so turns she every man the wrong side out and never gives to truth and virtue that which simpleness and merit purchaseth .	1
no ,  please good meg ,  i’ll wear this one .	1
yes ,  very much like a whale .	1
do not believe it .	1
is't possible ?	1
witness ,  you ever - burning lights above ,  you elements that clip us round about ,  witness that here iago doth give up the execution of his wit ,  hands ,  heart ,  to wronged othello’s service .	1
the moor already changes with my poison .	1
i humbly thank you .	1
ay me !	1
the best news is that we have safely found our king and company: the next, our ship,— which only three hours ago was wrecked, we thought— is water-tight and ready, and bravely rigged as when we first put out to sea.	1
by mary ,  heaven forbid !	1
perpend .	1
if that’s true ,  then don’t be tongue - tied .	1
what beast was it ,  then ,  that made you tell me about this plan ?	1
out o' th' moon ,  i do assure thee .	1
yes ,  look ,  it’s true that children are punished for the sins of their fathers .	1
it is some misfortune; the cry is very sorrowful.	1
masters, you are all welcome.	1
stephano!	1
you flea ,  you louse ,  you winter cricket !	1
so much for this ,  sir .	1
are you there ?	1
with courtesy and with respect enough, only not with such familiar instances, or with such free and friendly conversation, as he used to in the old days.	1
come hither .	1
help ,  angels !	1
if you forgive us ,  we’ll make everything all right .	1
in which addition, hail, most worthy thane, for it is thine.	1
the play's the thing wherein i'll catch the conscience of the king .	1
no one but his enemies .	1
i am in this commanded to deliver the noble duke of clarence to your hands .	1
my gentle puck, come hither.	1
let each man render me his bloody hand .	1
young boys and girls are level now with men .	1
i pray you ,  bring me on the way a little; and say if i shall see you soon at night .	1
that ever i should call thee castaway !	1
peace ,  peace !	1
good night ,  my lord .	1
aside .	1
if we’d been able to put on our play ,  we would have had it made .	1
there’s my key .	1
the ousel cock, so black of hue, with orange-tawny bill, the throstle with his note so true, the wren with little quill.	1
did you call ,  my lord ?	1
what is the news?	1
the best plays are only shadows ,  and the worst are no worse ,  if imagination can fill in the gaps .	1
peace !	1
how dost thou ?	1
i don’t expect him to answer for me ,  and yet i’m determined to fight vigorously for him .	1
what is't ?	1
or like a whale .	1
ho, guildenstern!	1
but ,  hark ,  i hear the footing of a man .	1
rather your eyes must with his judgment look .	1
my lord ,  i claim the gift ,  my due by promise ,  for which your honor and your faith is pawned— th' earldom of hereford and the movables which you promisèd i shall possess .	1
here's some good stuff !	1
hag-seed, hence!	1
the duke himself, or any of my brothers of the state, can only feel this wrong as if it were their own; because if such actions may have passage free, bond slaves and pagans shall be our statesmen.	1
that’s all i wanted to know .	1
let the world see his nobleness well acted ,  which your death will never let come forth .	1
an oath ,  an oath ,  i have an oath in heaven .	1
why did he so ?	1
did not you speak ?	1
yes ,  your majesty .	1
i’m your master ,  dromio .	1
i am afeard you make a wanton of me .	1
as long as it’s honorable ,  you can be sure that i’ll let you use all my money and do everything i can to help you .	1
who chooses me shall get as much as he deserves .  ”  as much as he deserves !	1
when the moon was shining ,  we did not see the candle .	1
and walter couldn’t get his dagger out of its sheath .	1
sir, i have done all this service since i left you.	1
treason!	1
madam ,  i’d better leave now .	1
to who?	1
yes ,  i forgot—three months .	1
i want to be friends with you ,  and forget all the times you’ve embarrassed and humiliated me .	1
only god knows when we’ll meet again .	1
oh ,  a thousand of them ,  all of which i’ve forgotten .	1
yet i fear him, for in the ingrafted love he bears to caesar— alas, good cassius, do not think of him.	1
however ,  i’ll do what i can for you .	1
if you’re smart ,  you’ll go home .	1
he is welcome hither .	1
fair thoughts and happy hours attend on you!	1
ha ,  banishment ?	1
good sir ,  calm down .	1
i doubt it not ,  sir ,  but you will curse your wooing . — neighbor ,  this is a gift very grateful ,  i am sure of it .	1
and now i’ll do it .	1
here i am .	1
not i.	1
how say you by that ?	1
the things she has shamelessly hurled on me are beyond imagination .	1
call you this railing ?	1
you show'd your teeth like apes, and fawn'd like hounds, and bow'd like bondmen, kissing caesar's feet; whilst damned casca, like a cur, behind struck caesar on the neck.	1
no  “ master ,  ”  sir ,  but a poor man’s son .	1
he’s at home ,  my lord .	1
i beseech you ,  what manner of man is he ?	1
and so you shall, and wherever the guilt is, that’s where the punishment will be.	1
go back to bed; it isn’t day .	1
the business of the state does him offence ,  and he does chide with you .	1
the ghost is definitely something to worry about .	1
who was that ?	1
if they suffer our departure ,  death’s the word .	1
get yourself to a	1
ensign ,  what’s he doing in there ?	1
then be thou jocund .	1
i’m the ghost of your father ,  doomed for a certain period of time to walk the earth at night ,  while during the day i’m trapped in the fires of purgatory until i’ve done penance for my past sins .	1
where should we meet ?	1
this is the brief of money ,  plate ,  and jewels i am possessed of .	1
if she had been blest, she would never have loved the moor.	1
when i work it over with magic spells ,  the drop will produce magical spirits that will trick macbeth with illusions .	1
o, that we then could come by caesar's spirit, and not dismember caesar!	1
it struck mine ear most terribly .	1
it is the part of men to fear and tremble when the most mighty gods by tokens send such dreadful heralds to astonish us .	1
i’ll have no speaking .	1
i heard the owl scream and the crickets cry.	1
good morning ,  sweet hero .	1
a single thing, as i am now, that wonders to hear thee speak of naples.	1
and the rarest that e'er came there.	1
o, the blood of my dear kinsman is spilled!	1
oh ,  he’s a gallant king !	1
i am finished .	1
the noise they make will cause demetrius to awake.	1
if you like upon report the soil ,  the profit ,  and this kind of life ,  i will your very faithful feeder be and buy it with your gold right suddenly .	1
how else is it the man in the moon?	1
michael cassio ,  lieutenant to the warlike moor othello ,  is come on shore .	1
your face ,  my thane ,  is as a book where men may read strange matters .	1
pyramus draws near the wall; silence.	1
lucentio’s son is older than that ,  sir .	1
tomorrow is the day .	1
be merciful and say  “ death .  ”  exile is much worse than death .	1
listen ,  hussy—is this man one of your customers ?	1
come ,  dolabella ,  see high order in this great solemnity .	1
dress me up in motley .	1
i used to think ,  as our politicians do ,  a sin to make a forgery and worked hard at how to forget that learning ,  but ,  sir ,  now it did me a useful service .	1
yet i have known those which have walked in their sleep who have died holily in their beds.	1
this storm protects me from thoughts that would hurt me more .	1
first ,  i must tell you this desdemona is directly in love with him .	1
i charge thee ,  tempt me not .	1
so i did ,  fearing that i might make you more impatient when you seemed already fired up ,  and besides ,  i was hoping it was just a bad mood ,  which sometimes hits every man .	1
doctor ,  the barons desert me .	1
i will ,  and i’ll know her mind early tomorrow; tonight she's shut up with her grief .	1
i say that i love you more than he does .	1
are decius brutus and trebonius there ?	1
we’ll keep the lines of communication open between us .	1
an you re us and fa us ,  you note us .	1
then it must be banquo’s .	1
bless you !	1
content with hermia!	1
good - bye .	1
only a mind that's honest could share some of this woe, although the main part pertains to you alone.	1
the silk came from sacred silkworms ,  and it was dyed with fluid made from embalmed virgins' hearts .	1
what are you going to do now ?	1
he fell down in the marketplace ,  and foamed at mouth ,  and was speechless .	1
here's some poison wine still left.	1
shame on it !	1
this tunis, sir, was carthage.	1
good night, lord brutus.	1
i understand a fury in your words ,  but not the words .	1
he grew unto his seat ,  and to such wondrous doing brought his horse as had he been incorpsed and demi - natured with the brave beast .	1
don’t you have any brothers like you ?	1
desist ,  and drink .	1
i am so exhausted my spirits are dulled; sit down and rest.	1
if he do bleed ,  i'll gild the faces of the grooms withal ,  for it must seem their guilt .	1
what ceremony else ?	1
what night - rule now about this haunted grove ?	1
away!	1
am i yourself but, as it were, in sort or limitation, to keep with you at meals, comfort your bed, and talk to you sometimes?	1
petruchio ,  go thy ways; the field is won .	1
he lies tonight within twenty-one miles of rome.	1
if you deny them ,  all the land will rue it .	1
i met venus as she was with her son on her way to her home on paphos ,  in a carriage pulled by doves .	1
no, it is four months, my lord.	1
hurry up ,  i say .	1
i’ll to my book ,  for yet ere supper - time must i perform much business appertaining .	1
dead you are ,  dead !	1
let me tell you ,  cassius ,  you yourself are much condemned to have an itching palm ,  to sell and mart your offices for gold to undeservers .	1
besides ,  they all are fresh .	1
he’s married .	1
then go gather your men ,  but leave behind your son ,  george stanley .	1
listen ,  please ,  give me the necklace .	1
to find a husband for her sister .	1
nay ,  bigger !	1
he is as horribly conceited of him ,  and pants and looks pale ,  as if a bear were at his heels .	1
but this whole thing is strange .	1
thy father !	1
you’re both wrong .	1
what ,  nurse ,  i say !	1
antonius,— caesar?	1
i long to hear the story of your life ,  which must take the ear strangely .	1
a friend .	1
go be with your love ,  as it was decided at your wedding .	1
don’t insult my master’s generosity by killing yourself .	1
well ,  that proves she’s in love with you .	1
a diamond gone, cost me two thousand dollars in frankfort!	1
he’s more of a soldier than a wise man .	1
he that will think to live till he be old ,  give me some help !	1
i am not well .	1
here's goodly gear !	1
nothing, good sir, but for you to help mr. cobweb scratch my head.	1
i think their inhibition comes by the means of the late innovation.	1
is your englishman so expert in his drinking ?	1
the wind’s whipping up the waves so high you expect them to reach the clouds and splash against the stars in the sky .	1
maybe the letter moved him ,  for ,  as i think ,  they do command him home ,  deputing cassio in his government .	1
we have none such, sir.	1
i am sick at heart, when i behold seyton, i say!- this attack will give me the throne forever or unseat me now.	1
let’s go .	1
but this eternal description must not be given to ears of flesh and blood.	1
no harm was done .	1
sorry ,  sir ,  i am half - blind; i don’t know you .	1
anon we’ll drink a measure the table round .	1
it was the lark ,  the messenger that says it’s morning ,  no nightingale .	1
i am not guilty of killing lysander; and he isn’t dead ,  as far as i can tell .	1
have you heard any suggestion to the contrary?	1
keep an eye on her .	1
fire and brimstone!	1
o, now you weep and i can see that you feel the blow of pity.	1
what business is it of yours ? —father ,  be quiet .	1
where is she ?	1
he was wont to lend money for a christian courtesy; let him look to his bond .	1
you mock me, sir.	1
no ,  i swear on my honor ,  i haven’t ,  madam .	1
an if he hear thee ,  thou wilt anger him .	1
oh god ,  iago ,  what can i do to win my husband back again ?	1
this is no answer ,  thou unfeeling man ,  to excuse the current of thy cruelty .	1
now shall you see the other .	1
i think it is the weakness of mine eyes that shapes this monstrous apparition .	1
seyton !	1
most detestable death ,  by thee beguiled ,  by cruel ,  cruel thee quite overthrown !	1
now ,  hamlet ,  listen .	1
kind gentlemen ,  every day i turn the page ,  your pains are registered where i can read them .	1
if i should take a displeasure against you ,  look you , — you were only a lost monster .	1
bad people can’t appreciate wisdom or goodness .	1
i had rather have my horse to my mistress .	1
want ?	1
yes, you poor ghost, while memory holds a seat in this confused world.	1
thank you so much.	1
three months from twelve, then let me see; the rate.	1
o gertrude ,  come away !	1
if that may be, then all is well.	1
tell me ,  othello .	1
can you imagine being hitched to a lump of clay ?	1
fillet of a fenny snake, in the cauldron boil and bake; eye of newt and toe of frog, wool of bat and tongue of dog, adder's fork and blind-worm's sting, lizard's leg and howlet's wing, for a charm of powerful trouble, like a hell-broth boil and bubble.	1
o the pernicious caitiff !	1
there is no other way ,  unless thou couldst put on some other shape and not be richard ,  that hath done all this .	1
god's benison go with you and with those that would make good of bad and friends of foes!	1
do you know this water - fly ?	1
my heart’s too sad for long goodbyes .	1
my gentle puck, come here.	1
ha ,  ha ,  ha !	1
shall i tell caesar what you request from him ?	1
i’ll give you mine .	1
do you mark that?	1
dear sir toby ,  don’t do anything rash tonight .	1
the foulest fate would be most appropriate for me now in this latest phase of my life .	1
no ,  you’re just taunting me .	1
my lord and brother ,  god save you .	1
ha !	1
only you would look for a fight like that .	1
this man, with lantern, dog, and thorn bush, represents moonshine, because, if you want to know, these lovers think it’s no shame to meet at ninus' tomb by moonshine, there, there to court each other.	1
it ish give over .	1
a most ridiculous monster ,  to make a wonder of a poor drunkard .	1
it’s almost night now .	1
what ,  not dare to tempt him ?	1
those that are married already ,  all but one ,  shall live .	1
not in love neither ?	1
your tongue should be blistered for such a wish !	1
tedious it were to tell and harsh to hear .	1
we hope your poison has worn off and this day shall transform all grievances and quarrels into friendship .	1
i have a good eye ,  uncle .	1
if you do free your children from the sword ,  your children’s children quits it in your age .	1
thomas grey ,  knight ,  of northumberland ,  i arrest you for high treason .	1
o, do you think we shall ever meet again?	1
you would be, sweet madam, if your miseries were as abundant as your good fortunes are; and yet, for all i see, they that are sick from over-eating are as sick as those that starve with nothing.	1
i have known her continue in this a quarter of an hour .	1
ay .	1
what’s the news ,  my good friends ?	1
it’s a cup ,  closed in my true love’s hand ?	1
no .	1
leave ,  you little man .	1
it is not courteous ,  you know ,  to assume you know my meaning before i’ve finished talking .	1
now i am alone.	1
i prithee ,  good grumio ,  tell me ,  how goes the world ?	1
o ,  falsely ,  falsely murdered !	1
hence ,  and avoid my sight ! — so be my grave my peace as here i give her father’s heart from her . —call france .	1
she’s talking .	1
well ,  gaoler ,  on:—pray god ,  bassanio come to see me pay his debt ,  and then i care not !	1
ha !	1
come ,  here’s some sauce to go with it .	1
there are no tricks in plain and simple trust, but hollow men, like horses very eager about something, make gallant show and promises of their spirit, but, when they are supposed to endure a spur that will make them bleed, they are humbled, and, like false, worthless horses disappear from the fight.	1
what should i do?	1
i do know him by his gait .	1
are you riding far ?	1
i am a spirit of no common rate .	1
what ?	1
there the men are as crazy as he is.	1
what's best to do ?	1
you tallow-face!	1
this is too long .	1
do i look like a club or a beating stick, a staff or a prop?	1
a lazy disposition, my good lord.	1
longer ,  longer .	1
a very tall man !	1
getting right to the point ,  i live near the capitol .	1
so ,  we'll have some half a dozen friends ,  and that’ll be it .	1
what a haste looks through his eyes!	1
naked in bed, iago, and not mean harm!	1
sirs, you all wait outside.	1
i’ll ride your horse as well as i ride you .	1
we can’t wait here .	1
what judgment shall i dread ,  if i have done no wrong ?	1
go home to bed ,  francisco .	1
yes ,  something you can deny for your own safety: you have been a great thief by sea .	1
faith ,  i don’t know what to say .	1
what would my powerful master like ?	1
oh ,  regan ,  she’s torn me apart with unkindness ,  like a vulture ,  right here .	1
well ,  my good lord .	1
wasn’t that cassio leaving my wife?	1
now will he sit under a medlar tree and wish his mistress were that kind of fruit as maids call medlars when they laugh alone.	1
we have done our course .	1
tomorrow night at dinner then?	1
imperious caesar ,  dead and turned to clay ,  might stop a hole to keep the wind away .	1
tis in ourselves that we are thus or thus .	1
honest!	1
unarm ,  eros .	1
for from broad words, and ’cause he fail'd his presence at the tyrant's feast, i hear, macduff lives in disgrace.	1
please, good bassanio, tell me; and if it is, honorable, as you yourself still are, be assured that my purse, my person, my utmost ability can be used for your benefit.	1
i’ve got to go .	1
on a night like this !	1
i know you two are rival enemies; how does this gentle concord in the world come about, that hatred is so far from jealousy that you can sleep without fear?	1
now everyone be seated ,  as this is the part where we sit and chat as well as eat .	1
go ahead ,  you fool .	1
he that parts us shall bring a brand from heaven and fire us hence like foxes .	1
i can’t make up for everything that i’d like to ,  so accept such kindness as i can offer .	1
the king wants to speak with cornwall .	1
he’s laughed at my losses ,  made fun of my earnings ,  humiliated my race ,  thwarted my deals ,  turned my friends against me ,  riled up my enemies—and why ?	1
since my dear soul controlled her choice ,  and could recognize men of truth ,  her choice has taken you for herself .	1
and my poor  he’s fainted . —my lord ,  my lord !	1
i don’t wish to have such a heart in my bosom for the dignity of the whole body .	1
i will be near to second your attempt ,  and he shall fall between us .	1
well ,  i don’t .	1
anything i did to you ,  i did it because sir toby made me .	1
hast thou affections ?	1
forbear this outrage!	1
my father is not dead, for all your saying.	1
so . — thus then ,  thou most renowned: caesar entreats not to consider in what case thou stand’st ,  further than he is caesar .	1
that blind head of yours was created to make me rich .	1
i’ll make division of my present with you .	1
adieu ,  till your return at night .	1
who does do you wrong ?	1
a torch for me !	1
he’s or taken or slain.	1
but there's no bottom ,  none ,  in my voluptuousness .	1
i am ,  unless i somehow stole this role .	1
judge me in your wisdom ,  and wake up your senses ,  so you can be a better judge .	1
how 'gree you now ?	1
ay ,  master .	1
oh ,  that’s well said—the chair !	1
find the people whose names are on this list ?	1
and i mine .	1
he is ,  because he told antonius to tell you he’d be there tomorrow .	1
for the table, sir, it shall be served in; for the meat, sir, it shall be covered; for your coming into dinner, sir, why, let it be as humours and conceits shall govern.	1
now is it rome indeed, and room enough, when there is in it but one only man.	1
his beard was grizzly ,  no ?	1
if they aren’t ,  they can go hang themselves by their own laces !	1
it may be these apparent signs ,  the unaccustomed weather of this night ,  and persuasion of his men who tell the future may keep him from the capitol today .	1
he was a merry man, took up the child.	1
it’s been eleven years since the earthquake; and she was weaned ,  i never shall forget it  ,  of all the days of the year ,  upon that day .	1
i'll be a devil - porter no further .	1
the only kind of tears you should shed in this case are the kind you might get from holding an onion to your nose .	1
you knew that my sword ,  weakened by my love for you ,  would obey that love no matter what .	1
i don’t understand you, my lord.	1
rest ,  rest ,  perturbed spirit !	1
and your reports have set the murder on .	1
she’s only sad when she sleeps—and not even then .	1
my thanes and kinsmen, henceforth be earls, the first that ever scotland in such an honor named.	1
to bait fish withal .	1
come now; what masques, what dances shall we have, to wear away this long age of three hours between our after-supper and bed-time?	1
ay ,  ’tis strong ,  and it does indifferent well in a dun - colored stock .	1
where is my love ?	1
why are you breathless ,  and why are you staring like that ?	1
i’m going to let him live .	1
what, ho!	1
no ,  sir ,  she’s human .	1
but what is your affair in elsinore?	1
come ,  sire ,  no more . —what ,  oswald ,  ho !	1
i perceive these lords at this encounter do so much admire that they devour their reason and scarce think their eyes do offices of truth, these words are natural breath.	1
can you do me greater harm than hate?	1
swear .	1
no more that thane of cawdor shall deceive our bosom interest .	1
make we our march towards birnam	1
now he goes ,  with no less confidence ,  but with much more love ,  than young alcides went to redeem the sacrifice of young women made by howling troy to the sea - monster: i stand for sacrifice; the rest aloof are the dardanian wives ,  with tear - stained faces coming out to view the outcome of the event .	1
what ,  are they children ?	1
words before blows .	1
approach, rich ceres, to entertain her.	1
are his wits safe?	1
nature ,  i don’t accuse your weather of unkindness .	1
how am i false ?	1
think about it .	1
now i’m a sensible man, soon a fool, and now a beast!	1
to every roman citizen he gives, to every several man, seventy-five drachmas.	1
rumor it abroad that anne my wife is very grievous sick .	1
good night then ,  casca .	1
you are gentlemen of brave mettle; you would lift the moon out of her sphere ,  if she would continue in it five weeks without changing .	1
welcome ,  gentlemen !	1
we must follow the leaders .	1
stop!	1
old cassius ,  be still !	1
good my mouse of virtue ,  answer me .	1
that knife should be in its sheath on that montague’s back ,  but instead it’s mis - sheathed in my daughter’s breast .	1
if your messenger find him not there, seek him i' the other place yourself.	1
banquo !	1
i wish you were happy to stay and hear his true confession.	1
cassio, walk around here.	1
there needs no ghost, my lord, come from the grave to tell us this.	1
and cassius too .	1
god ,  god ,  forgive us all !	1
the portrait of a blinking idiot ,  presenting me a piece of paper !	1
here ,  sweet lord ,  at your service .	1
who's there?	1
bite him to death, i [to stephano] lo, lo, again!	1
nine or ten times i had thought to have stabbed him here under the ribs.	1
what do you say ,  my fair  i do not know dat .	1
i will make fast the doors ,  and gild myself with some more ducats ,  and be with you straight .	1
tis twenty years till then.	1
he does .	1
i have not deserved this.	1
of that there’s none ,  or little .	1
we’ll take you there .	1
what do you have to say to me ?	1
we would not want to die in the company of a man who fears to die with us .	1
knock knock knock ,  knock ,  knock !	1
i’ll pull thee by the lesser legs .	1
you are too officious in her behalf that scorns your services.	1
go, bid the huntsmen wake them up by blowing the horns.	1
my only love ,  sprung from my only hate !	1
it cannot be but thou hast murder'd him; so should a murderer look ,  so dead ,  so grim .	1
welcome, horatio.	1
i’m a foolish ,  senile old man ,  eighty - something years old ,  not an hour more or less .	1
therefore, fair hermia, question your desires, know of your youth, examine well your blood, whether, if you yield not to your father's choice, you can endure the livery of a nun, for aye to be in shady cloister mew'd, to live a barren sister all your life, chanting faint hymns to the cold fruitless moon.	1
but here comes antony .	1
we would so, and then go swindling.	1
if love have touched you ,  naught remains but so:   gramercies ,  lad ,  go forward .	1
beat me !	1
scorn and defiance ,  indifference ,  contempt ,  and any insult that wouldn’t disgrace the mighty sender—that’s the value he puts on you .	1
why ,  how now ,  hecate ?	1
meanwhile ,  i’ll think of some horrible way to phrase the challenge .	1
o that my prayers could such affection move !	1
if any, speak, for him have i offended.	1
he may win ,  and what is music then ?	1
thou speak’st aright .	1
is that the latest ?	1
as you shall prove us to be, praise us.	1
what if i say no?	1
came they not by you ?	1
what say'st thou ?	1
are all thy conquests, glories, triumphs, spoils, shrunk to this little measure?	1
read the will .	1
look it’s coming again !	1
do you win, roman?	1
ay ,  my lord .	1
come ,  let me have a bigger .	1
he’s changed a great deal .	1
i had rather than forty pound i were at home .	1
the fool has planted in his memory an army of good words; and i know many fools that stand in a better place ,  dressed like him ,  except that a tricky word defies definition .	1
he faints ! —my lord ,  my lord !	1
sweet ,  don’t scorn her like that .	1
faith, here it is.	1
you have not seen such a thing as ’tis .	1
before the bat flies through the castle ,  and before the dung beetle makes his little humming noise to tell us it’s nighttime ,  a dreadful deed will be done .	1
go away!	1
you’ve got some petition to caesar ,  haven’t you ?	1
that’s the only witchcraft i ever used .	1
fool!	1
never excuse, for when the players are all dead, there’s no one to be blamed.	1
at my lodging.	1
where’s that music coming from ?	1
send a message to his brother .	1
god has blessed you with a good name .	1
canst thou hold up thy heavy eyes a while ,  and touch thy instrument a strain or two ?	1
only if the hearer is a fool or a coward .	1
both ,  both ,  my girl .	1
where is duncan's body?	1
tell me to run now ,  and i’ll do impossible things ,  yes ,  and get the better of them .	1
where he arrives he moves all hearts against us .	1
but benedick was once an enemy of love as well ,  and now he’s become a real man .	1
don’t be afraid although you see me armed, here is my journey's end, here is my bottom and very sea-mark of my last ship.	1
more matter for a may morning .	1
that’s what i thought too ,  sir .	1
say ,  my spirit ,  how fares the king and's followers ?	1
now ,  what's the business ?	1
i will not be long from you .	1
look at this man .	1
lucius, a bowl of wine!	1
but you began so rudely .	1
it was a handkerchief, an antique token my father gave my mother.	1
i gave my love a ring, and made him swear never to part with it, and here he stands, i would dare to swear for him that he would not leave it nor pluck it from his finger for all the wealth in the world.	1
what think you of the scottish lord ,  his neighbour ?	1
you know it is the feast of lupercal .	1
by watching their show ,  you’ll find out everything you’re likely to know .	1
here is the will, and under caesar's seal.	1
cousins ,  you know what you have to do . —o ,  i cry you mercy ,  friend .	1
briefly ,  i dwell by the capitol .	1
take some new infection to your eye, and the rank poison of the old love will die.	1
calm down ,  gentle cousin .	1
ay ,  his breast .	1
no .	1
on what grounds?	1
if you hadn’t shown up on cue ,  my lord ,  lord hastings was going to take your part—i mean ,  he was going to speak for you—in the crowning of the king .	1
he hath slept long .	1
i know not, madam.	1
the king rises .	1
love ?	1
i want to avoid that .	1
hath homely age th' alluring beauty took from my poor cheek ?	1
st .  george loses his holiness once  then ,  by myself— you’ve misused yourself .	1
no ,  i can only make a joke for a specific occasion .	1
the sky frowns and scowls on our army .	1
the robb'd that smiles steals something from the thief; he robs himself that spends a bootless grief.	1
nay ,  if you strive— but half an hour !	1
marry, well said, very well said.	1
i am their father’s mother .	1
i wish i could believe you that all was well !	1
i heard a bustling rumor like a fray ,  and the wind brings it from the capitol .	1
prithee ,  away .	1
some people in the street are crying  “ romeo .  ”  some are crying  “ juliet ,  ”  and some are crying  “ paris .  ”  they’re all running in an open riot toward our tomb .	1
some twenty of them fought in this black strife, and all those twenty could but kill one life.	1
write me a prologue ,  and let the prologue seem to say we will do no harm with our swords ,  and that pyramus is not killed indeed .	1
this is the only witchcraft i have used .	1
shut the doors after you .	1
but why unkindly didst thou leave me so?	1
just obey me a little bit longer .	1
how is she doing ?	1
be gone!	1
what ,  my dear lady disdain !	1
this is that very mab that plats the manes of horses in the night and bakes the elflocks in foul sluttish hairs, which once untangled much misfortune bodes this is the hag, when maids lie on their backs, that presses them and learns them first to bear, making them women of good carriage.	1
pronounce.	1
and what said surrey then ?	1
i swear by the heavens ,  which have grown pale in sympathy with us ,  i’m going with you ,  whatever you say .	1
madam, not now.	1
you have to tell me .	1
commend me to him and tell him i will not fail him at supper ,  for indeed he hath made great preparation .	1
i know into what straits of fortune she is driven ,  and it is not impossible to me ,  if it appear not inconvenient to you ,  to set her before your eyes tomorrow ,  human as she is ,  and without any danger .	1
i hope so ,  lepidus .	1
we took this pickax and this shovel from him ,  as he was walking from this side of the graveyard .	1
will the king hear this piece of work ?	1
the king’s in bed .	1
christ ,  it’s a disaster .	1
have a good - night .	1
hurry !	1
she will give him a written invitation to some supper.	1
at least two glasses .	1
shylock, do you hear?	1
go find him, speak gently, and bring the body into the chapel.	1
mars’s hot minion is returned again .	1
oh ,  father ,  i’m taking care of your business .	1
let me, upon my knee, prevail in this.	1
calphurnia’s cheek is pale ,  and cicero looks with such ferret and such fiery eyes as we have seen him in the capitol being crossed in conference by some senators .	1
mr .  cobweb; good monsieur ,  get all your weapons in your hand and kill me a red - hipped humble - bee on the top of a thistle; and ,  good monsieur ,  bring me his honey - bag .	1
i will rather sue to be despised than to deceive so good a commander with so slight, so drunken, and so indiscreet an officer.	1
he is the son and heir of old tiberio .	1
why ,  anything but to the answer .	1
aside.	1
peace .	1
fathers that wear rags  do make their children blind .	1
actually i think i would ,  and then i’d undo it after i did it .	1
go on; carry this.	1
let us haste to hear it ,  and call the noblest to the audience .	1
me neither ,  my lord .	1
what do you mean ,  caesar ?	1
you have got more hair on your chin than dobbin my thrill-horse has on his tail.	1
never, till caesar's three and thirty wounds be well avenged, or till another caesar have added slaughter to the sword of traitors.	1
did i do anything good to myself ?	1
i think their inhibition comes by the means of the late innovation .	1
every heart in rome loves and pities you .	1
what will you give us ?	1
the spirits that know all mortal consequences have pronounced me thus:  “ fear not ,  macbeth .	1
would ?	1
my lord ,  i'll tell my lady you will come .	1
i would have my own brother arrested if he treated me so terribly .	1
i have salty and sorry tears that bother me; lend me your handkerchief.	1
take my remark in whichever sense you like .	1
admired miranda !	1
her name is portia .	1
can no prayers pierce thee ?	1
ay, tell me that, and unyoke.	1
highest queen of state ,  great juno comes; i know her by her walk .	1
but if it is a sin to be selfish about honor ,  i am the most guilty soul alive .	1
therefore, go these griefs and losses have so 'bated me, that i shall hardly spare a pound of flesh to-morrow, to my bloody creditor.	1
you are naught ,  you are naught .	1
o woe !	1
my lord ,  your son has paid the soldier’s price: death .	1
i’d have stayed until i had made you happy ,  if worthier friends hadn’t stopped me .	1
he struck me from under your arm .	1
a crown was offered to him ,  and he pushed it away with the back of his hand ,  like this—and then the people started shouting .	1
i will be correspondent to command and do my spiriting gently .	1
good grumio ,  fetch it me .	1
an interlude !	1
which way hast thou been ?	1
i’ll find romeo to comfort you .	1
do you maintain the same story ?	1
will you please go ,  my lord ?	1
i take you at your word .	1
canst thou hold up thy heavy eyes a while, and touch thy instrument a strain or two?	1
what’s the disease he means ?	1
i have a lot to tell you about them .	1
but he has promised me ,  as he is a gentleman and a soldier ,  he will not hurt you .	1
a beast, no more.	1
no wonder ,  sir ,  but certainly a maid .	1
come ,   “ the croaking raven doth bellow for revenge— ”	1
now i have taken heart thou vanishest.	1
that word  “ judgment ”  makes me feel a bit guilty .	1
by and by.	1
to fright you thus methinks i am too savage; to do worse to you were fell cruelty ,  which is too nigh your person .	1
if you were king ,  we would do the same .	1
ay; or else one must come in with a bush of thorns and a lantern, and say he comes to disfigure, or to present, the person of moonshine.	1
why does the world report that kate doth limp ?	1
would ’t had been done !	1
fie upon ’t ,  foh !	1
take three times your money .	1
they met so near with their lips that their breaths embraced together .	1
it gives me wonder great as my content to see you here before me .	1
caesar ,  i shall .	1
i'll call them back again to comfort me .	1
thou speakest aright: i am that merry wanderer of the night.	1
we must preserve our goodwill toward each other and not break into factions again .	1
moody?	1
behold the ordnance on their carriages ,  with fatal mouths gaping on girded harfleur .	1
your houses!	1
and she goes down at twelve .	1
now ,  if this promise was in bianca's power ,  how quickly you would you succeed !	1
o ,  my fear interprets !	1
if you do fight against your country’s foes ,  your country’s fat shall pay your pains the hire .	1
your complaint against me is perfectly understandable ,  but i still insist i’ve done everything i could to help you .	1
actually ,  i’d like a few pounds of grass .	1
romeo slew tybalt .	1
shall i let them exhibit me to the shouting mobs of rome ?	1
that’s old news .	1
in an instant we were separated from them ,  as if in a dream ,  and brought here in a daze .	1
of launcelot, if it pleases you, sir.	1
you do advance your cunning more and more .	1
i'll to my truckle-bed; this field-bed is too cold for me to sleep.	1
i know him well .	1
o ,  she's rich in beauty; only poor that ,  when she dies ,  with beauty dies her store .	1
no, noble mistress, ’tis fresh morning with me when you are by at night.	1
yea ,  yea ,  my lord .	1
good my lord, be quiet.	1
before you hazard ,  for in choosing wrong i lose your company .	1
ready .	1
oh ,  this is wonderful ,  wonderful—just wonderful wonderful !	1
cassio, may you suspect who they should be that have thus mangled you?	1
go ,  some of you ,  and bring these gentlemen where hamlet is .	1
it looks a little paler .	1
wilt thou show the whole wealth of thy wit in an instant ?	1
tell me ,  how fares our loving mother ?	1
let’s see how .	1
live ,  live !	1
doubtful it stood ,  as two spent swimmers that do cling together and choke their art .	1
made it for me ,  sir ?	1
you’ve heard a lot .	1
lazy people end up at the bottom ,  and you deserve to be at the top .	1
use them according to your class.	1
chastisement ?	1
she is banished .	1
where is my love ?	1
i fear it ,  i promise you .	1
how many infatuated people go mad with jealousy !	1
why ,  what’s the matter ?	1
pardon me, a word or two before you go.	1
go on, and see whether brutus is alive or dead, and bring us word how everything happened to octavius' tent.	1
their preparation is today by sea .	1
let go of his arm .	1
have i ,  my lord ?	1
she never yet was foolish that was fair; for even her folly help'd her to an heir.	1
good master mustardseed ,  i know you well .	1
as absolute a traitor as any in the whole entire world—or even france or england !	1
we have sworn ,  my lord ,  already .	1
i’ll be here again ,  even with a thought .	1
i pray you, let not my jealousies be your dishonors, but mine own safeties.	1
do you want me to lie ,  madam ?	1
what, still in tears?	1
did your letters pierce the queen to any demonstration of grief ?	1
this is the pent-house, under which lorenzo desir'd us to make stand.	1
but ,  since the affairs of men rest still incertain ,  let's reason with the worst that may befall .	1
ha, ha, ha!	1
look at you getting all riled up !	1
god forbid that i should interrupt religion !	1
all lost!	1
he is a sick man that would speak with you .	1
has she already forgotten her brave husband ,  prince edward ,  whom i stabbed on the battlefield three months ago in my anger ?	1
oh ,  so cruel !	1
i'll tell thee ere thou ask it me again .	1
i think it was a year ago that i told you how much margaret ,  hero’s servant woman ,  likes me .	1
time ,  thou anticipat’st my dread exploits .	1
what impossible matter will he make easy next?	1
she’s wise ,  if i’m judging her right .	1
dispatch . —o love ,  that thou couldst see my wars today ,  and knew’st the royal occupation !	1
we all begged you not to go ahead with those marriage plans ,  and your lovely daughter struggled between disgust at marrying an african and the desire to obey you .	1
if he offers to choose ,  and chooses the right chest ,  you would be refusing to perform your father's will ,  if you refused to accept him .	1
i pray you, after the lieutenant; go.	1
that  “ fair ”  again unsay .	1
as thou got’st milan ,  i’ll come by naples .	1
thrice and once the hedge - pig whined .	1
damn your voice ,  you loud ,  cursing ,  selfish dog !	1
when remedies are too late, griefs are ended by seeing the worst, which hopes lately depended on.	1
our shipwreck has made more women widows in milan and naples than there are survivors to comfort them .	1
you’re much deceived .	1
i am very ill at ease ,  unfit for mine own purposes .	1
with my eye sockets ?	1
a strange fish !	1
i'll read the writing.	1
i will ,  lady .	1
i have not escaped drowning to be afraid now of your four legs; because it has been said ,   “ as proper a man as ever went on four legs can’t make him give ground ” : and it shall be said so again ,  while stephano still breathes through his nostrils .	1
diseases grown desperate are best healed by desperate measures ,  or not at all .	1
tomorrow, as he purposes.	1
yes ,  i’ll grant you that .	1
what shall we do else ?	1
hast any philosophy in thee ,  shepherd ?	1
for shame ,  put on your gown .	1
close the garden door and leave me alone to hear his message .	1
shall't be tonight at supper ?	1
well ,  goodbye !	1
at my poor house look to behold this night earth - treading stars that make dark heaven light .	1
this is the matter—nurse, give leave awhile, we must talk in secret.	1
lover!	1
stop the play.	1
o, blood, iago, blood!	1
how dost thou ,  guildenstern ?	1
haven’t hurt your head ?	1
okay ,  i will—on fridays and saturdays ,  and the rest .	1
do you not hope your children shall be kings, when those that gave the thane of cawdor to me promised no less to them?	1
will you come with me ?	1
light ,  i say ,  light !	1
there stays a husband to make you a wife .	1
i hope some will fall off tomorrow .	1
romeo ,  i come !	1
how wilt thou do for a father ?	1
two ,  two—a shirt and a smock .	1
that’s a certain text .	1
nay ,  i know not .	1
in spite of your heart ,  i think .	1
and brief ,  good mother ,  for i am in haste .	1
not that i think you didn’t love your father, but because i know love is begun by time, and i see, in the ways of love, that time dampens the spark and fire of it.	1
speak not against it .	1
good morrow ,  noble sir .	1
here is the man, this moor; who now, it seems, has been brought here by your special mandate for the state affairs.	1
it shall be to your good ,  for my father’s house and all the revenue that was old sir rowland’s will i estate upon you ,  and here live and die a shepherd .	1
nay ,  we must think men are not gods ,  i was ,  unhandsome warrior as i am ,  arraigning his unkindness with my soul; but now i find i had suborn'd the witness ,  and he's indicted falsely .	1
therefore  you will not pay for the glasses you have burst ?	1
what art thou that keep’st me out from the house i owe ?	1
this hand is moist ,  my lady .	1
hugh capet also ,  who usurped the crown of charles the duke of lorraine ,  sole heir male of the true line and stock of charles the great ,  to find his title with some shows of truth ,  though in pure truth it was corrupt and naught ,  conveyed himself as th' heir to th' lady lingare ,  daughter to charlemagne ,  who was the son to lewis the emperor ,  and lewis the son of charles the great .	1
i am the duke who loved your father .	1
besides ,  she treats me more respectfully than the other servants .	1
your love!	1
this grisly beast, which lion hight by name, the trusty thisbe, coming first by night, did scare away, or rather did affright; and as she fled, her mantle she did fall; which lion vile with bloody mouth did stain.	1
for love of god ,  leave him alone !	1
he has no children.	1
thou poisonous slave ,  got by the devil himself upon thy wicked dam ,  come forth !	1
what shall i do ?	1
swear on my sword .	1
zounds, a dog, a rat, a mouse, a cat, to scratch a man to death!	1
think you i am no stronger than my sex ,  being so father'd and so husbanded ?	1
no .	1
give him this and bid him keep it better than the other .	1
have at you now !	1
since i can’t amuse myself by being a lover ,  i’ve decided to become a villain .	1
here’s a maze trod indeed through forthrights and meanders .	1
come to me ,  tyrrel ,  soon at after - supper ,  when thou shalt tell the process of their death .	1
you are the singer .	1
i'll be an auditor; an actor too perhaps, if i see cause.	1
what's the matter ?	1
i prithee ,  put them off .	1
ay, but i fear you speak upon the rack, where men enforced do speak anything.	1
lucius, a bowl of wine!	1
but i have ,  sir ,  a son by order of law ,  some year older than this ,  who yet is no dearer in my account .	1
well ,  come again tomorrow .	1
do you bite your thumb at us ,  sir ?	1
i am indebted to you for your last sermon .	1
shylock ,  are you listening ?	1
we have not disregarded your good advice, which has freely gone along with this affair.	1
make him think you’re sir topas the priest .	1
i think upon't ,  i think ,  i smell't ,  o villainy !	1
we thank your honor .	1
i’m annoyed lately with different passions ,  ideas that only i can know ,  which are perhaps seen in my behavior; but don’t let my good friends be upset— cassius ,  you’re one of them— or try to understand my indifference any further than that poor brutus ,  at war with himself ,  forgets to show friendship to other men .	1
here at your service .	1
this to hear would desdemona seriously incline; but still the house affairs would draw her thence, which ever as she could with haste dispatch, she'ld come again, and with a greedy ear devour up my discourse; which i observing, took once a pliant hour, and found good means to draw from her a prayer of earnest heart that i would all my pilgrimage dilate, whereof by parcels she had something heard, but not intentively.	1
to me, it is a prison.	1
and servants of the danish king .	1
he waxes desperate with imagination.	1
i will .	1
the lady is dead upon mine and my master’s false accusation .	1
you'll be the man!	1
no medicine in the world can do thee good .	1
our course will seem too bloody ,  caius cassius ,  to cut the head off and then hack the limbs like wrath in death and envy afterwards; for antony is but a limb of caesar .	1
do you bite your thumb at us, sir?	1
i don’t speak to disprove what brutus spoke, but i’m here to speak what i know.	1
and what make you from wittenberg ,  horatio ? — marcellus ?	1
give me leave to speak my mind ,  and i will through and through cleanse the foul body of th' infected world ,  if they will patiently receive my medicine .	1
it was a bit short ,  my lord .	1
you speak not as you think; it cannot be.	1
no ,  the clock has already struck twelve .	1
he was a merry man ,  took up the child .	1
we'll not run ,  monsieur monster .	1
the terms of our estate may not endure with danger so near to us as his craziness seems to get worse by the hour .	1
we'll hear him, we'll follow him, we'll die with him.	1
ay ,  with cassio .	1
say either ,  and i’ll stay the circumstance .	1
servant ,  go hire me twenty great cooks .	1
i would not be the villain that thou think'st for the whole space that's in the tyrant's grasp and the rich east to boot .	1
to the elephant .	1
what ,  hey !	1
i tell you ,  captain ,  if you look at a map of the world ,  i’ll bet you will find ,  comparing macedon and monmouth ,  that the situations ,  see ,  are very similar .	1
a king of shreds and patches!	1
this man is pyramus ,  if you would know; this beauteous lady thisbe is certain .	1
oh ,  it was a monstrous roar ,  to make the earth tremble !	1
what handkerchief!	1
what ,  dares the slave come hither ,  covered with a mask ,  to sneer and scorn at our feast ?	1
here on his manly breast .	1
shall i be afraid when a madman stares at me ?	1
i know he will be glad of our success; we are the jasons, we have won the fleece.	1
we think not so, my lord.	1
therefore play ,  music . —prince ,  thou art sad .	1
well then ,  you must be in love .	1
i know that we shall have him well to friend .	1
take it any way you like .	1
my hands are tainted if they hit an inferior ,  especially since i myself am the cause of my own distress .	1
here come the lovers ,  laughing happily . —i wish you joy ,  my friends !	1
mistress ,  what cheer ?	1
blessed pudding !	1
i’ll wear none but this .	1
the exchange of your love's faithful vow for mine.	1
this prophecy merlin shall make ,  for i live before his time .	1
here comes your father .	1
come over here ,  gentlemen ,  and lay your hands again on my sword .	1
not having that, which, having, makes them short.	1
that; and then ,  i grant ,  we put a sting in him that at his will he may do danger with .	1
who are the new commissioners ?	1
i saw them not .	1
give me a key for this ,  and instantly unlock my fortunes here .	1
unnatural acts will cause  good night ,  good doctor .	1
how oft to-night have my old feet stumbled at graves!	1
yet, countrymen, o, yet hold up your heads!	1
you need a crutch ,  a crutch !	1
at my lodging .	1
doesn’t she realize how unworthy she is of the gentleman we have found to be her bridegroom ?	1
twill out, 'twill.	1
be not you ashamed to show, he'll not shame to tell you what it means.	1
oh !	1
that will be before sunset .	1
therefore to horse; and let us not be dainty of leave - taking ,  but shift away .	1
i’ll have my head cut from my shoulders before i’ll see the crown so misplaced .	1
sir, in this audience, let my disclaiming from a purposed evil free me so far in your most generous thoughts that i have shot my arrow o'er the house and hurt my brother.	1
ay ,  that i will; and i'll be wise hereafter ,  and seek for grace .	1
she bids you come to her .	1
ay, let the county take you in your bed!	1
madam ,  an eagle does not have eyes as green ,  as quick ,  and as fair as the eyes of paris .	1
ay ,  if you dare do yourself a profit and a right .	1
here comes my lady .	1
to choose love by what another person sees !	1
thank you .	1
i do believe it ,  and i ask your pardon .	1
it is very meet ,  the lord bassanio live an upright life; for ,  having such a blessing in his lady ,  he finds the joys of heaven here on earth; and ,  if on earth he do not mean it ,  then in reason he should never come to heaven .	1
unto the dignity and height of fortune ,  the high imperial type of this earth’s glory .	1
and i for rosalind .	1
good-night, good-night.	1
ay ,  my commander .	1
yes ,  one place else ,  if you will hear me name it .	1
help us ,  good friends .	1
come, what does romeo say?	1
if their purgation did consist in words ,  they are as innocent as grace itself .	1
where ?	1
your majesty, and we that have free souls, it touches us not.	1
why should i be afraid of your judgment when i haven’t done anything wrong ?	1
wrong i mine enemies?	1
i am not merry; but i cheat the thing i am by seeming otherwise .	1
hold the friar too.	1
why dost thou wring thy hands ?	1
we think not so ,  my lord .	1
good romeo ,  hide thyself .	1
and pardon me ,  my gentle gratiano ,  because that same scrubbed boy ,  the doctor's clerk ,  instead of this ,  slept with me last night .	1
look, he stirs: do you withdraw yourself a little while, he will recover straight.	1
an egyptian gave that handkerchief to my mother; she cast charms and could almost read the thoughts of people.	1
to choose love by another's eyes.	1
o, they are our friends, only one cup.	1
but don’t tell me; i know antonio is sad to think about his shipments .	1
if the turkish fleet isn’t protected in some harbor ,  their men must all be drowned .	1
portia ,  are you gone ?	1
remember march, remember the fifteenth of march?	1
well ,  well ,  you have a careful father ,  child; one who ,  to put you past all this grief ,  has sorted out a surprise happy day that you hadn’t expected ,  and i hadn’t looked for .	1
he sups tonight with a harlotry ,  and thither will i go to him .	1
please ,  father ,  i beg you .	1
your highness told me to ask for my commission today .	1
do they grow rusty ?	1
ay ,  and brought off the field .	1
what do you want?	1
caesar hath sent—                                        too slow a messenger .	1
lady, amen.	1
sir ,  i think i saw him last night .	1
my ancestors did from the streets of rome the tarquin drive, when he was call'd a king.	1
and shall our quick blood ,  spirited with wine ,  seem frosty ?	1
what’s this ?	1
o ,  don’t be afraid of me .	1
alas ,  that they are so ,  to die even when they to perfection grow !	1
so i ,  to find a mother and a brother ,  in quest of them ,  unhappy ,  lose myself .	1
nor none, in my mind, now you give her up.	1
we’re in god’s hands ,  brother ,  not in theirs .	1
let’s go ,  menas .	1
i don’t dare to stay longer.	1
and who is england’s king but an heir of the great york ?	1
she instructs me well .	1
thou hotly lust’st to use her in that kind  for which thou whipp’st her .	1
she gave it him, and he hath given it his whore.	1
when you have said your lines ,  go hide in that bush . —everyone else ,  go there too when you’re not onstage .	1
what ,  is he angry ?	1
if it were nothing ,  you wouldn’t need to hide it .	1
why ,  how now ,  juliet ?	1
when we were boys ,  who would believe that there were mountaineers covered with dew like bulls ,  who had throats with pockets of flesh hanging from them ?	1
what ?	1
for ever and for ever farewell, brutus!	1
hold !	1
you strike my people ,  and your disordered rabble make servants of their betters .	1
if't be not for some purpose of import ,  give't me again .	1
heaven and earth!	1
hail ,  most dear caesar !	1
for i ne'er saw true beauty till this night .	1
i promise you your relatives have made my eyes water before now .	1
if you were civil and had any manners ,  you wouldn’t insult me so much like this .	1
good night.	1
did you try to get him to engage in any pastime ?	1
what’s that noise ?	1
how have the hours racked and tortured me since i have lost thee !	1
but you can make it up to me .	1
the boy gives warning something doth approach .	1
the earth that's nature's mother is her tomb .	1
proceed ,  proceed .	1
wake up ,  look up ,  or i will die with you !	1
there will be rain tonight .	1
punishment !	1
hello ,  my friends !	1
i suspect that i have committed some offence to the city and you have come to reprimand me for not knowing better .	1
and how was that ta'en up ?	1
i am for you .	1
run ,  my lord ,  run .	1
if he’s not in love with a woman ,  then you can’t trust the usual symptoms .	1
come on ,  let’s get going !	1
and for cassio ,  let me be his undertaker .	1
oh ,  ’tis treason !	1
i pray you ,  let not my jealousies be your dishonors ,  but mine own safeties .	1
we’ll never see each other again .	1
tis even so; for let our finger ache ,  and it indues our other healthful members even to that sense of pain .	1
o ,  in the battle think on buckingham ,  and die in terror of thy guiltiness .	1
highest queen of state, great juno comes; i know her by her walk.	1
what art thou ?	1
what do you say ,  caesar ?	1
so is it ,  if thou knew'st our purposes .	1
will you please make this half - devil say why he tricked me and damned my soul ?	1
don’t speak of this again .	1
i swam ashore like a duck .	1
my dearest love ,  duncan is coming here tonight .	1
out ,  you baggage !	1
what say'st thou ,  noble heart ?	1
come ,  my coach !	1
the ocean ,  overpeering of his list ,  eats not the flats with more impetuous haste than young laertes ,  in a riotous head ,  o'erbears your offices .	1
he needs not our mistrust, since he delivers our offices and what we have to do, to the direction just.	1
i owe you none till i receive the chain .	1
cassius ,  don’t take it badly .	1
he speaks home ,  madam .	1
more validity ,  more honourable state ,  more courtship lives in carrion flies than romeo .	1
you should know that when i came here i was prepared to accept your offer .	1
she weeps excessively about tybalt's death, and because of that, i haven’t talked a lot about love, because the goddess of love doesn’t smile in a house of tears.	1
where’s my cousin toby ?	1
what rhubarb ,  senna ,  or what purgative drug would scour these english hence ?	1
to mourn mischief that is over and gone is the next way to create new mischief.	1
is there anything else to say ?	1
kind tyrrel ,  will your news make me happy ?	1
i had come to the deepest part of my tale ,  and i planned to say nothing more on the topic .	1
will you tell me that ?	1
then must you speak of one that loved not wisely but too well; of one not easily jealous ,  but ,  being wrought ,  perplex'd in the extreme; of one whose hand ,  like the base indian ,  threw a pearl away richer than all his tribe; of one whose subdued eyes ,  albeit unused to the melting mood ,  drop tears as fast as the arabian trees their medicinal gum .	1
i fear his looks ,  and i doubt his reasons .	1
there ,  tyrant ,  there !	1
amen to that !	1
and you yourself will determine the sentence as you see fit ,  and impose the death penalty if you choose to ,  even if the criminal were my own son .	1
angels and ministers of grace defend us !	1
mr .  antonio ,  many times and often in the marketplace you have abused me about my monies and my interest rates; i still have taken it with a patient shrug ,  because suffering is the badge of all our tribe; you call me misbeliever ,  cut - throat dog ,  and spat on my jewish clothes ,  and all because of using of that which is my own .	1
and are you living ,  stephano ?	1
make cassio angry somehow ,  either by speaking too loud ,  or insulting his military skills ,  or however else you want .	1
your houses !	1
your dinner and the generous islanders you invited, wait for your presence.	1
drown cats and blind puppies!	1
ay, or else someone must come in with a bush of thorns and a lantern, and say he comes to imitate or to present the person of moonshine.	1
alas ,  poor romeo !	1
hark ,  they roar .	1
nothing .	1
that’s worse .	1
anything .	1
ere he do leave this grove ,  thou shalt fly him and he shall seek thy love .	1
carry him to my best room—gently ,  so he doesn’t wake—and hang all my erotic paintings around him .	1
and so return to you, and nothing else?	1
how if i answer no?	1
the cockerel .	1
you lover of that damned whore ,  you’re talking to me of  “ ifs ”  ?	1
the time between is mine, and a man's life is longer than it takes to say “one.	1
first, i must tell thee this: desdemona is directly in love with him.	1
were you by when it began ?	1
this castle hath a pleasant seat; the air nimbly and sweetly recommends itself unto our gentle senses .	1
i know no touch of it ,  my lord .	1
i swear to you by my virginity at age twelve ,  i already told her to come .	1
do you like the plot ,  trinculo ?	1
when he is gone, i would on great occasion speak with you.	1
here's decius brutus, he shall tell them so.	1
and what poor duty can’t do, noble respect takes it in force, not merit.	1
why, how now, hamlet?	1
a south - west wind blow on you ,  and blister you all over !	1
call you me  “ fair ”  ?	1
why ,  it is a loving and a fair reply .	1
welcome ,  ass .	1
what is it that you would impart to me?	1
one sees more devils than vast hell can hold; that is the madman.	1
but do not go with it!	1
i pray you ,  let me look upon the bond .	1
let me stay the growth of his beard ,  if thou delay me not the knowledge of his chin .	1
i will pour some in [caliban drinks] thy other mouth .	1
speak ,  for my heart is full .	1
to the health of our general !	1
keep word, lysander; we must starve our sight from lovers' food till morrow deep midnight.	1
and shall ,  or some of us will smart for it .	1
as woman's love.	1
gentlemen ,  my master antonio is at his house ,  and wants to speak with both of you .	1
they say they have letters for you .	1
the fool will stay .	1
death of your soul!	1
if he hears you ,  you will make him angry .	1
here ,  here i’ll remain with worms that are your chamber - maids .	1
that’s the one part of my service on land i do deny .	1
swear priests and cowards and men cautelous, old feeble carrions and such suffering souls that welcome wrongs; unto bad causes swear such creatures as men doubt; but do not stain the even virtue of our enterprise, nor the insuppressive mettle of our spirits, to think that or our cause or our performance did need an oath; when every drop of blood that every roman bears, and nobly bears, is guilty of a several bastardy if he do break the smallest particle of any promise that hath pass'd from him.	1
what’s your gracious pleasure ?	1
i don’t doubt it ,  and all these sorrows shall become sweet memories that we can talk about in our future .	1
am i like such a fellow ?	1
hast thou slain him, then?	1
and long live you to think so!	1
yes, a dozen, and as many to the vantage as would store the world they played for.	1
prove that ever i lose more blood with love than i will get again with drinking ,  pick out mine eyes with a ballad - maker’s pen and hang me up at the door of a brothel house for the sign of blind cupid .	1
i will not fail you .	1
whose house ?	1
o ,  kinsman too nice ,  and yet too true !	1
if thou attempt it, it will cost thee dear: thou hast no weapon, and perforce must suffer.	1
hast thou no care of me ?	1
alack ,  i love myself .	1
my lord, for all i know.	1
you treat me like a stranger unlike my usual self, when i wonder now how you can behold such sights, and keep the natural ruby of your cheeks, when mine are blanched with fear.	1
and because you interrupt us so that we can’t dance for them ,  the winds have made fogs rise up out of the sea and fall down on the rivers so that the rivers flood ,  just to get revenge on you .	1
we three are married ,  but you two are sped .	1
what sin committed!	1
alas, who knows?	1
i’ll read the writing .	1
to what issue will this come ?	1
everyone ,  please leave us alone for a moment .	1
do as i say ,  i order you .	1
well, while i live, i'll fear no other thing so much as keeping nerissa's ring safe.	1
gone ,  sir .	1
my lord ,  you’re wrong to berate her like that .	1
me too .	1
how fares our cousin ,  noble lord of york ?	1
will you walk ,  sir ?	1
beware the ides of march .	1
yet ,  coming from him ,  that great med’cine hath with his tinct gilded thee .	1
pompey has a strong navy .	1
i hear his trumpet .	1
is it even so ?	1
let me shake your hands .	1
tell the constable that .	1
he said the truth .	1
speak ,  i’ll go no further .	1
here.	1
i am not so well as i should be ,  but i’ll ne’er out .	1
i’ll sleep here until morning .	1
nay, we will slink away in supper-time, disguise us at my lodging, and return, all in an hour.	1
if thou art fickle, what dost thou with him that is renown'd for faith?	1
good now ,  some excellent fortune !	1
what would you ?	1
if i had only died an hour before this event i could say i had lived a blessed life .	1
welcome ,  dear rosencrantz and guildenstern .	1
o noble emperor ,  do not fight by sea !	1
yes ,  from normandy .	1
the duke cannot deny the course of law ,  because of the benefits that strangers have with us in venice ,  if it is denied ,  it will reflect very badly on the justice of the state ,  because the trade and profit of the city is from all nations .	1
what says polonius?	1
i wish mine eyes would with themselves shut up my thoughts .	1
continue, come to hecuba.	1
i am ,  my lord ,  as well born as he is ,  as rich; my love is better than his; my fortunes ,  no matter which way you look at it ,  are as good as demetrius'; and ,  furthermore ,  which is more important than all these qualities ,  hermia loves me too !	1
go to ,  charm your tongue .	1
this is no answer, you unfeeling man, to excuse the flowing of your cruelty.	1
the servants macbeth killed .	1
and if i could ,  what should i get for saying so ?	1
there's no trust ,  no faith ,  no honesty in men; all perjur'd ,  all forsworn ,  all naught ,  all dissemblers .	1
not that i think you did not love your father ,  but that i know love is begun by time ,  and that i see ,  in passages of proof ,  time qualifies the spark and fire of it .	1
why, thou wilt quarrel with a man that hath a hair more or a hair less in his beard than thou hast.	1
i did give the finger ,  sir .	1
what beast was't then that made you break this enterprise to me ?	1
i won’t sleep until i’ve delivered your letter ,  my lord .	1
he’s waiting nearby to find out if you’ll invite him in .	1
well ,  i am glad that all things sort so well .	1
he's fat, and scant of breath.	1
i think that one of them is hereabout ,  and cannot make away .	1
o shame !	1
the fire is ready .	1
who's there ?	1
great and increasing .	1
above my fortunes ,  yet my state is well .	1
three and three ,  we’ll hold a feast in great solemnity .	1
no, let's follow him.	1
raise all the money you can .	1
if you say so, i hope you will not kill me.	1
no one marries the second without killing the first love.	1
the jew shall have all justice .	1
it is an honour that i dream not of.	1
what ,  do you make us musicians ?	1
is she to be buried in christian burial when she wilfully seeks her own salvation ?	1
macbeth!	1
she hath betrayed me and shall die the death .	1
i wonder why they are here together .	1
your wives, your daughters, your matrons, and your maids could not fill up the cistern of my lust, and my desire all continent impediments would o'erbear that did oppose my will.	1
now ,  if you occupy some place in the list of men that isn’t down at the very bottom ,  tell me .	1
this is some fellow ,  who ,  having been praised for bluntness ,  doth affect a saucy roughness and constrains the garb quite from his nature .	1
going to find a fellow brother, one of our order, to help me visit the sick here in this city, and finding him, the searchers of the town, suspecting that we both were in a house where the infectious plague was, sealed up the doors, and wouldn’t let us leave; so that my speed to mantua was delayed by that.	1
i said, an elder soldier, not a better.	1
how does my good lord hamlet ?	1
you shall hear more by midnight .	1
look ,  my lord ,  it comes !	1
we are no tyrant ,  but a christian king ,  unto whose grace our passion is as subject as is our wretches fettered in our prisons .	1
why ,  i can buy me twenty at any market .	1
where is polonius?	1
or did the letters work upon his blood ,  and new create this fault ?	1
it is the lady that pyramus must love .	1
and am i then revenged	1
now follows, that you know, young fortinbras, holding a weak supposal of our worth, or thinking by our late dear brother's death our state to be disjoint and out of frame, colleagued with this dream of his advantage, he hath not fail'd to pester us with message, importing the surrender of those lands lost by his father, with all bonds of law, to our most valiant brother.	1
unlawfully?	1
i will not be afraid of death and ruin ,  until birnam forest come to dunsinane .	1
will all great neptune's ocean wash this blood clean from my hand ?	1
or keep it as a jug to hold dirty toads to knot and give birth in !	1
read it ,  mark antony .	1
what is her mother?	1
i shall forget just to have you stand there, remembering how i love your company.	1
heaven is here ,  where juliet lives; and every cat and dog and little mouse ,  every unworthy thing ,  live here in heaven and may look on her; but romeo may not .	1
he fell down in the market place, foamed at the mouth, and was speechless.	1
now art thou sociable .	1
here lies the east.	1
let’s go .	1
the king never sighed by himself, but with the whole country’s groan.	1
i pray you ,  look upon her .	1
good gentlemen, when are we getting together?	1
the moor is being tricked by some crook ,  some terrible villain ,  some rotten bastard .	1
i humbly thank you, sir.	1
peter ,  take my fan ,  and go before ,  and apace .	1
you look tired.	1
death lies on her like an untimely frost upon the sweetest flower of all the field.	1
well ,  the poor man died by your first order ,  which was carried by a winged messenger .	1
if arguing make us sweat, the proof of it will turn to redder drops.	1
if your master would have a queen his beggar ,  you must tell him ,  that majesty ,  to keep decorum ,  must no less beg than a kingdom .	1
were i a common laugher ,  or did use to stale with ordinary oaths my love to every new protester ,  if you know that i do fawn on men and hug them hard and ,  after ,  scandal them ,  or if you know that i profess myself in banqueting to all the rout ,  then hold me dangerous .	1
do you confess so much ?	1
you shall be a “logger-head.” good faith, it’s morning.	1
what shall i say?	1
let it alone, you fool; it is only trash.	1
here is more of us !	1
i’ll come soon .	1
no thisbe do i see .	1
your sons will be kings ,  even though you will not be king .	1
hold, then.	1
attend those men our pleasure?	1
if you love rosalind as much as you say you do ,  you will marry her when your brother marries aliena .	1
the night has been unruly .	1
listen !	1
you spend your passion on a misprised mood: i am not guilty of lysander's blood; nor is he dead, for aught that i can tell.	1
look at you !	1
fie !	1
fail not our feast .	1
smile you my speeches as i were a fool ?	1
he is or ta'en or slain .	1
but oh ,  how bitter a thing it is to look into happiness through another man’s eyes .	1
i will drown myself immediately.	1
have more than thou showest ,  speak less than thou knowest ,  lend less than thou owest ,  ride more than thou goest ,  learn more than thou trowest ,  set less than thou throwest ,  leave thy drink and thy whore and keep in - a - door ,  and thou shalt have more than two tens to a score .	1
where is he now ?	1
take me with you ,  take me with you ,  wife .	1
methinks i do .	1
isn’t she down so late, or up so early?	1
i dare not drink yet ,  madam ,  by and by .	1
what would she have?	1
o fortune ,  fortune !	1
here ,  stand behind this wall; he’ll come right away .	1
heigh - ho ! —peter quince !	1
listen ,  will you walk with me around the town and then dine with me at the inn ?	1
well ,  susan died and is with god .	1
your majesty came not like yourself .	1
revenge his foul and most unnatural murder.	1
i demand this in the name of all the saints in heaven .	1
and since you know you can see yourself best by reflection ,  i’ll be your mirror and show you ,  without exaggeration ,  things inside you that you can’t see .	1
now i feel my soul leaving .	1
hail!	1
my heart adores him ,  even though my tongue curses him .	1
take cupid’s wings and fly higher than the average man .	1
speak.	1
this chest threatens; men that gamble everything do it in hope of a better advantage: a golden mind doesn’t stoop to shows of scum; then i won’t give or gamble anything for lead.	1
by this hand ,  i am .	1
i think alexander the great was born in macedon .	1
don’t swear at all .	1
but please tell me more .	1
follow me .	1
take care of the queen !	1
crown him?	1
my purposes do draw me much about .	1
would you try to lift mount olympus ?	1
i bring thee tidings of the prince’s doom .	1
no ,  we’ll all go there to bring him .	1
i’ll pay thy pleasure then .	1
climb up to her bedroom and comfort her .	1
madam, the guests are come, supper serv'd up, you call'd, my young lady ask'd for, the nurse curs'd in the pantry, and everything in extremity.	1
the greatest hurdle is behind me .	1
i will be assured i may; and that i may be assured, i will bethink me.	1
where is this sight ?	1
he cannot be heard of .	1
in the most high and palm tree-like state of rome, a little before the mightiest julius caesar was killed, the graves had no bodies, and the dead in sheets squeaked and gibbered in the roman streets, and stars with trains of fire and red morning dews, disasters in the sun.	1
ay ,  madam .	1
they that add ,  moreover ,  he’s drunk nightly in your company .	1
ride thou unto the horsemen on yond hill .	1
your daughter spent in genoa, as i heard, one night, fourscore ducats!	1
why ,  thou peevish sheep ,  what ship of epidamnum stays for me ?	1
i swear to thee ,  by cupid's strongest bow ,  by his best arrow ,  with the golden head ,  by the simplicity of venus' doves ,  by that which knitteth souls and prospers loves ,  and by that fire which burn'd the carthage queen ,  when the false trojan under sail was seen ,  by all the vows that ever men have broke ,  in number more than ever women spoke ,  in that same place thou hast appointed me ,  tomorrow truly will i meet with thee .	1
he and lepidus are at caesar’s house .	1
when thou dost ask me blessing ,  i’ll kneel down and ask of thee forgiveness .	1
with this there grows, in my most ill-composed affection, such a unbendable greed, that, if i were king, i should seize the nobles’ lands, desire their jewels, and their houses, and my wanting to have more would be as a sauce to make me hunger more, that i should start unfair quarrels against the good and loyal, destroying them for wealth.	1
o romeo ,  romeo !	1
did you ne'er hear say ,   “ two may keep counsel ,  putting one away ”  ?	1
take me to the man my husband is in debt to .	1
call the slave again .	1
ay ,  that left pap ,  where the heart beats . — thus die i ,  thus ,  thus ,  thus .	1
and ,  being men ,  bearing the will of caesar ,  it will inflame you ,  it will make you mad .	1
what would happen to you ,  if the king of naples heard you ?	1
what will you do with it ,  that you have been so eager for me to steal it ?	1
tell me your secrets .	1
my lord ,  i will not .	1
let good antonio look he keep his day ,  or he shall pay for this .	1
curse my hand if it ever threatened an old man like you .	1
me too ,  i won’t ,  i swear to god .	1
what should i swear by ?	1
if thou dost bend and pray and fawn for him ,  i spurn thee like a cur out of my way .	1
he lies not like the living .	1
was ever woman in this humor won ?	1
true; except the means to live it .	1
pray you ,  avoid it .	1
my master ,  and my lord !	1
tubal ,  a wealthy hebrew of my tribe ,  will furnish me .	1
you are everywhere?	1
i’d try it ,  if i could cry  “ hem ”  and have him .	1
go and trim her up .	1
what’s her name ?	1
i had rather be a dog and bay the moon than such a roman .	1
art thou a man?	1
alack, there lies more peril in thine eye than twenty of their swords!	1
welcome here .	1
he lies to the heart .	1
you must be ready for revenge ,  too ,  when you hear me out .	1
do not talk of him but as a property.	1
the harlot's cheek, beautied with plastering art, is not more ugly to the thing that helps it than is my deed to my most painted word.	1
the devil himself could not pronounce a title more hateful to my ear .	1
the second i saw you ,  my heart rushed to serve you and be your slave ,  so here i am now ,  a patient log - man .	1
if by your art, my dearest father, you have put the wild waters in this roar, allay them.	1
is that why you’re talking so wildly ?	1
as far, my lord, as will fill up the time ’twixt this and supper.	1
they have to stay there .	1
and earth !	1
not me .	1
marry ,  that ,  i think ,  be young petruchio .	1
there’s no offense ,  my lord .	1
this is the fruits of rashness .	1
she is too fair ,  too wise; wisely too fair ,  to earn her own happiness by making me despair .	1
the queen desires you to use some gentle entertainment to laertes before you start to play.	1
o ,  touch me not !	1
what name ,  beautiful lady ?	1
well too.	1
the door is open ,  sir .	1
i think not so ,  my lord .	1
fair daylight ?	1
well ,  i will forget the condition of my estate to rejoice in yours .	1
god speak this  “ amen ”  !	1
before you got so angry ,  i never would have thought that .	1
the boy is warning me that someone approaches .	1
my letters say a hundred and seven galleys .	1
such a one am i to fear ,  or none .	1
thanks ,  good egeus .	1
follow him ,  friends .	1
are you so gospell'd, to pray for this good man and for his issue, whose heavy hand hath bow'd you to the grave and beggar'd yours for ever?	1
such tricks have strong imagination ,  that ,  if it would only catch some joy ,  it understands some bringer of that joy; or in the night ,  imagining some fear ,  how easy is a bush thought to be a bear ?	1
sweet, sweet, sweet nurse, tell me, what says my love?	1
i am sorry to find you thus .	1
hurry to your chamber.	1
i am glad to see you well .	1
give me some wine and let me speak a little .	1
poor birds they are not set for.	1
talkest thou nothing but of ladies ?	1
a noise of thunder heard] [a noise of thunder heard] his spirits hear me, and yet i needs must curse.	1
go to him ,  petition him .	1
stand you aside a while; restrict yourself only in patient way.	1
marcus luccicos, isn’t he in town?	1
a most scurvy monster .	1
good - bye ,  kind charmian .	1
what men have you lost ,  fluellen ?	1
and me ,  too ,  my royal sovereign .	1
signior antonio commends him to you .	1
so you finally find me worthy of your attentions .	1
cassius falls as low as your foot ,  to beg freedom for publius cimber .	1
please give me that .	1
that will never be.	1
but you’re too good a friend for me to wish her on you .	1
brave son, derived from honorable loins!	1
if she lives a long and happy life ,  then all women may as well turn into monsters .	1
come, madam, let's away, good morrow, cousin.	1
i give them with this ring ,  which when you part from ,  lose ,  or give away ,  let it presage the ruin of your love	1
drowned, drowned.	1
o most courageous day !	1
come to these yellow sands, and then take my hands: bow courteously when you have and kiss me,— the wild waves are silent,— dance gracefully here and there; and, sweet spirits, listen to the chorus.	1
run to the capitol ,  and nothing else ?	1
the wood of birnam .	1
this is a devil ,  and no monster .	1
your lordship is right welcome back to denmark.	1
let me go ,  sir ,  or i'll knock you over the head .	1
then the liars and swearers are fools ,  for there are liars and swearers enough to beat the honest men and hang up them .	1
come ,  dromio ,  come ,  these jests are out of season .	1
are you crazy ?	1
we have been up and down looking for him .	1
o rude unthankfulness!	1
they would be better ,  if well followed .	1
i never saw her till this time .	1
some to decius' house and some to casca’s .	1
but why should honor outlive honesty?	1
and no doubt he is ,  gracious madam .	1
what, ho!	1
don’t be afraid ,  even though you see me with a weapon .	1
yes ,  caliban her son .	1
i pray you ,  choose another subject .	1
it is true.	1
and all my children?	1
bear with him, brutus; 'tis his fashion.	1
farewell.	1
i’ve proved my trustworthiness by giving myself a voluntary wound here in my thigh .	1
flower of this purple dye, hit with cupid's archery, sink in apple of his eye.	1
if he do resist ,  subdue him at his peril !	1
not on thy sole ,  but on thy soul ,  harsh jew ,  thou mak'st thy knife keen; but no metal can ,  no ,  not the hangman's axe ,  bear half the keenness of thy sharp envy .	1
give me your hand; do you come from old bellario?	1
and that’s as much he should do ,  because he’s given to sports ,  to wildness ,  and to having a lot of company .	1
gave it a judge's clerk!—no, god's my judge!	1
you go down toward the capitol ,  and i’ll go this way .	1
what tell'st thou me of robbing?	1
now ,  before the sun comes up and burns away the dew ,  i have to fill this basket of mine with poisonous weeds and medicinal flowers .	1
i do lack some part of that quick spirit that is in antony .	1
if we do lose this battle, then is this the very last time we shall speak together.	1
have i ,  malvolio ?	1
peace !	1
buzz ,  buzz !	1
if only you had a clearer memory of who you are !	1
my sword ,  i say !	1
now you’re sociable .	1
both begin with an r. ah, joker!	1
down with the top mast !	1
but now i have joyful news for you ,  girl .	1
why ,  it would be better if i cut my left hand off ,  and swear i lost the ring defending it .	1
my mind was never yet more mercenary .	1
tybalt ,  that murderer ,  which way did he run ?	1
yes ,  and one other place ,  if you’ll only let me name it .	1
please ,  sir ,  hurry up .	1
let’s go .	1
what should we say, my lord?	1
he refuses to admit what everyone else knows .	1
this is a very scurvy tune to sing at a man’s funeral .	1
go on ,  i’ll follow you .	1
i'll follow thee, and make a heaven of hell, to die upon the hand i love so well.	1
you may have lost his respect ,  but so have i .	1
soft!	1
oh ,  ten times faster venus' pigeons fly to seal love’s bonds new made than they are wont to keep obligèd faith unforfeited .	1
come on ,  what did romeo say ?	1
my uncle!	1
hastings and edward’s children ,  grey and rivers ,  holy king henry and thy fair son edward ,  vaughan ,  and all that have miscarrièd by underhand ,  corrupted ,  foul injustice ,  if that your moody ,  discontented souls do through the clouds behold this present hour ,  even for revenge mock my destruction . — this is all souls' day ,  fellow ,  is it not ?	1
well .	1
murder !	1
she wakes.	1
so do we all.	1
you have been talk'd of since your travel much ,  and that in hamlet's hearing ,  for a quality wherein they say you shine .	1
it is enacted in the laws of venice ,  that ,  if it is proved against an alien that by direct or indirect attempts he seek the life of any citizen ,  the party against whom he schemes shall seize one half his goods; the other half comes to the public treasury of the state; and the offender's life lies at the mercy of the duke only ,  above all others .	1
he’s evaded love once or twice ,  and since then cupid doesn’t dare to shoot at him .	1
search, seek, and know how this foul murder happened.	1
if you have slain lysander in his sleep ,  being in blood over your shoes ,  plunge the knife deep into me and kill me too .	1
if you were a woman ,  i’d hug you now and cry ,  and say  “ welcome back ,  drowned viola !  ”  my father had a mole on his forehead .	1
but sir— be quiet ,  kent .	1
come ,  bring me unto my chance .	1
i hope all will be well .	1
yet i persuade myself to speak the truth shall nothing wrong him .	1
may we do so?	1
what i can do i will; and more i will than for myself i dare .	1
no more that thane of cawdor shall deceive our bosom interest.	1
oh ,  if only i were a man !	1
i admit two sleeves .	1
we can only learn that the confident tyrant still stays in dunsinane, and will put up with our settling down before it.	1
think about it .	1
oh ,  pyramus ,  get up !	1
the roman people are fed up with his arrogance already .	1
i dare not drink yet ,  madam—by - and - by .	1
then must thou needs find out new heaven ,  new earth .	1
a monster ,  a very monster in apparel ,  and not like a christian footboy or a gentleman’s lackey .	1
a simple country farmer who brought her figs .	1
oh ,  strange !	1
i’m sure he will stay under control .	1
you know me well .	1
hang him immediately .	1
i'll have some proof .	1
they would have me as familiar with men’s pockets as their gloves or their handkerchers ,  which makes much against my manhood ,  if i should take from another’s pocket to put into mine ,  for it is plain pocketing up of wrongs .	1
drunk?	1
i like thy wit well ,  in good faith .	1
rub him about the temples.	1
and discourse fustian with one's own shadow ?	1
there is so much that thou wilt kill me straight: kill brutus ,  and be honor'd in his death .	1
so please my lord the duke and all the court ,  to quit the fine for one half of his goods i am content ,  so he will let me have the other half in use to render it upon his death unto the gentleman that lately stole his daughter .	1
approach the chamber ,  and destroy your sight with a new monster to turn you to stone .	1
shall i do such a deed?	1
where is your son ?	1
caesar loses supporters wherever he raises money .	1
she give it cassio ?	1
why ?	1
o my lord ,  if my duty is too bold ,  it’s because my love has no manners .	1
these times of pain are bad times for romance .	1
why ,  as a woodcock to mine own springe ,  osric .	1
go to ,  farewell .	1
even so.	1
away !	1
go ,  bid the huntsmen wake them with their horns .	1
very near ,  and approaching fast .	1
i wish that no one could avenge my cousin’s death except me !	1
these are news indeed !	1
o lady, speak again!	1
this relief only makes your sickly days longer.	1
and in good time here the lieutenant comes . — master lieutenant ,  pray you ,  by your leave ,  how doth the prince and my young son of york ?	1
i’ll talk with this good man .	1
therefore my son is embedded in the ooze; and i'll seek him deeper than a piece of lead ever measured how deep the water is ,  and i will lie there with him in the mud .	1
do you believe his  “ offers ,  ”  as you call them ?	1
what do you say about this change?	1
where is my lord of gloucester ?	1
indeed, la, without an oath, i’ll make an end on it.	1
and you shall be satisfied.	1
give me a living reason she's disloyal .	1
ay, nurse; what of that?	1
that we should ,  with joy ,  pleasance revel and applause ,  transform ourselves into beasts !	1
i gave him the material .	1
henry lord scroop of masham ,  i arrest you for high treason .	1
yes, if you dare to do yourself a profit and a right.	1
it is not words that shakes me thus.	1
not a mouse stirring.	1
i had rather give his carcass to my hounds.	1
no ,  that’s not it ,  trust me .	1
the less they deserve ,  the more your generosity is worth .	1
by this hand ,  i’ll have that gown .	1
but so much was our love we would not understand what was most fit ,  but ,  like the owner of a foul disease ,  to keep it from divulging ,  let it feed even on the pith of life .	1
twas full two years ere i could get a tooth .	1
in truth ,  i know it is a sin to be a mocker; but ,  he !	1
and ,  after that he came ,  away sad ?	1
what noise?	1
my lord ,  i won’t miss it .	1
marry, sir, nose-painting, sleep, and urine.	1
my lord ,  here stays without ,  a messenger with letters from the doctor ,  new come from padua .	1
o, their bones, their bones!	1
hillo ,  ho ,  ho ,  boy .	1
these are now the fashion ,  and so berattle the common stages—so they call them—that many wearing rapiers are afraid of goose - quills and dare scarce come thither .	1
tis well .	1
half a share.	1
but for all this ,  when i shall tread upon the tyrant's head ,  or wear it on my sword ,  yet my poor country shall have more vices than it had before ,  more suffer and more sundry ways than ever ,  by him that shall succeed .	1
all that follow their noses are led by their eyes but blind men ,  and there’s not a nose among twenty but can smell him that’s stinking .	1
we will speak about this further .	1
knock ,  knock !	1
lysander!	1
is ’t possible ?	1
conscience ,  ”  say i ,   “ you counsel well .  ”   “ fiend ,  ”  say i ,   “ you counsel well .  ”  to be ruled by my conscience i should stay with the jew my master ,  who ,  god bless the mark ,  is a kind of devil .	1
rebellion's head ,  rise never ,  till the wood of birnam rise ,  and our high - placed macbeth shall live the lease of nature ,  pay his breath to time and mortal custom .	1
and for mark antony, don’t think abut him, because he can do no more than caesar's arm can do when caesar's head is cut off.	1
you were the word of war .	1
o ,  i am attacked ,  undone by villains !	1
and caesar shall go forth .	1
i’ve had very little joy as england’s queen .	1
feeling the loss so much, i can’t help but weep for the friend forever.	1
you should be ashamed ,  generals !	1
what did he do to you ?	1
i know him; he wears a lock of hair .	1
i never saw cassio’s kisses on her lips .	1
treason !	1
will your majesty grant us permission to freely express the message we’ve been asked to convey ?	1
i find not myself disposed to sleep .	1
you speak honestly .	1
if i can disguise my voice as well as my appearance ,  then i’ll be able to carry out my plan perfectly .	1
sblood ,  do you think i am easier to be played on than a pipe ?	1
well done !	1
what, all my pretty chickens and their mother at one fell swoop?	1
they see ,  smell ,  and taste sweet and sour just like their husbands .	1
silenced with that story ,  and reviewing all the events of the day ,  he found you in the stout norwegian’s ranks ,  not afraid of what you did or the strange images of death .	1
i would out-night you, if no one was coming, but, listen, i hear the footsteps of a man.	1
o, where is romeo?	1
he has killed me ,  mother .	1
why ,  i were best to cut my left hand off and swear i lost the ring defending it .	1
i think this tale would win my daughter too .	1
not that i think you didn’t love your father ,  but because i know love is begun by time ,  and i see ,  in the ways of love ,  that time dampens the spark and fire of it .	1
what ,  you’re not a whore ?	1
i once wrote a sonnet in his praise which began ,   “ wonder of nature— ”  i have heard a sonnet to one’s mistress that began like that .	1
look, sir, here comes the lady toward my cell.	1
a prophet from the bible come to judgment!	1
stay within.	1
cambio .	1
you desperate sea captain ,  now run your sea - sick weary ship onto the dashing rocks all at once !	1
you know that i held epicurus strong ,  and his opinion .	1
alas ,  my lord ,  your wisdom is consumed in confidence .	1
who are they ?	1
these ones ,  then ,  will be assassinated .	1
i’m afraid our plan has been discovered .	1
in such a night ,  did jessica steal from the wealthy jew ,  and with an unthrift love did run from venice ,  as far as belmont .	1
half afeard to come .	1
a most high miracle!	1
you must be father to your brother’s daughter ,  and give her to young claudio .	1
therefore we'll have some half a dozen friends, and there an end.	1
gregory ,  on my word ,  we will not be humiliated ,  like carrying coal .	1
how lost you company ?	1
god forbid !	1
that’s good .	1
not stingless too .	1
your case is better than that .	1
now ,  for i know the breton richmond aims at young elizabeth ,  my brother’s daughter ,  and by that knot looks proudly on the crown ,  to her go i ,  a jolly thriving wooer .	1
why ,  as i told thee ,  ’tis a custom with him ,  i' th' afternoon to sleep .	1
if we lose this battle, then this is the very last time we shall speak together.	1
when they shall see the face of caesar ,  they are vanishèd .	1
now let me tell you ,  casca ,  i have already convinced some of the noblest romans to join me in an honorable but dangerous mission .	1
reads] sweet bassanio ,  my ships have all reads] miscarried ,  my creditors grow cruel ,  my estate is very low ,  my bond to the jew is forfeit; and since ,  in paying it ,  it is impossible i should live ,  all debts are cleared between you and i ,  if i might but see you at my death; notwithstanding ,  use your pleasure: if your love do not persuade you to come ,  let not my letter .	1
where did they disappear to ?	1
do you want to know what i wrote ?	1
a maiden never bold, of a spirit so still and quiet that she blushed at her own movements; and she, in spite of nature, of years, of country, reputation, everything, to fall in love with what she feared to look at!	1
like gambling ,  sir ?	1
good sir ,  be a man; do you think every bearded fellow that wears a harness may be driven by you ?	1
why comest thou ?	1
well ,  my good lady .	1
neither to you nor any one ,  having no witness to confirm my speech .	1
break we our watch up; and by my advice let us impart what we have seen tonight unto young hamlet; for ,  upon my life ,  this spirit ,  dumb to us ,  will speak to him .	1
why are you whispering ?	1
and we mean well ,  in going to this masquerade; but it’s no great sport to go .	1
poor tom hath been scared out of his good wits .	1
be quiet and depart .	1
he brings great news .	1
what friend ?	1
i folded up the new document ,  signed it ,  sealed it ,  and put it safely back so that no one noticed any difference .	1
sleep dwell upon thine eyes, peace in thy breast!	1
are there balance here to weigh the flesh ?	1
a sealed bag, two sealed bags of ducats, of double ducats, stol'n from me by my daughter!	1
what is the reason of this terrible summons ?	1
run off ,  go visit fairs and festivals !	1
then will i lay the serving creature’s dagger on your pate .	1
here ,  sirrah grumio .	1
i’ll be right with you.	1
why ,  i am sorry for thee ,  gentle silvius .	1
can you tell me whether one launcelot, who lives with him, lives with him or not?	1
if not the face of men ,  the suffering of our souls ,  the waste of time— if these motives are weak ,  let’s break it off now ,  and every man go away to his lazy rest ,  let high - sighted tyranny range on until each man drops by chance .	1
fie upon thee !	1
yes ,  that’s me .	1
it would have been better if ,  after she said ,   “ tybalt’s dead ,  ”  she told me my mother or my father ,  or both ,  were gone .	1
and you ,  sir .	1
and i won’t draw from my own weak merits the smallest fear or doubt of her turning against me, because she had eyes and chose me.	1
i have no more royal sons for you to murder .	1
not so ,  sir ,  i do care for something .	1
i am one, sir, that comes to tell you your daughter and the moor are now making a satan.	1
that’s not what i wish .	1
he’s afraid to come in .	1
why, what should be the fear?	1
have you heard anything to the contrary ?	1
stoop ,  romans ,  stoop ,  and let us bathe our hands in caesar’s blood up to the elbows ,  and besmear our swords .	1
but caesar ignores offers that don’t give him an advantage ,  and so should you .	1
come ,  blade ,  my breast imbrue .	1
when they choose ,  they have the wisdom to lose by their senses .	1
coward !	1
o proud death ,  what feast is being held in your eternal cell ,  that you have killed so many princes so bloodily all at the same time ?	1
could you really do such a thing ,  for all the world ?	1
judge, o you gods, how dearly caesar loved him!	1
god ye good morrow, gentlemen.	1
then if he says he loves you ,  you would be wise to believe it because then being in his particular act and place may do what he says ,  which is what the majority of people in of denmark go along with .	1
had i as many mouths as hydra ,  such an answer would stop them all .	1
my lord is so heavy !	1
to choke carries it away .	1
the king rises.	1
we shall know by this fellow .	1
to tell you the truth ,  i was just going to your house .	1
good .	1
his son was but a ward two years ago.	1
then burst his mighty heart ,  and ,  in his mantle muffling up his face ,  even at the base of pompey’s statue ,  which all the while ran blood ,  great caesar fell .	1
madam!	1
thy clarence he is dead that stabbed my edward ,  and the beholders of this frantic play ,  th' adulterate hastings ,  rivers ,  vaughan ,  grey ,  untimely smothered in their dusky graves .	1
that we should ,  with joy ,  pleasance ,  revel ,  and applause ,  transform ourselves into beasts !	1
may the gods be with you .	1
you must not put another scandal on him, that he is open to inconstancy.	1
come in and give some help .	1
to visit you ,  my lord ,  no other occasion .	1
thou drivest me past the bounds of maiden's patience .	1
that’s another sin arising from your ignorance: you bring ewes and rams together and make your living by their copulation .	1
o excellent young man !	1
hippolyta, i got you by waging war with you, and made you love me by doing you injuries; but i will marry you in a different way, with pomp, with triumph, and with partying!	1
is she so hot a shrew as she’s reported ?	1
he is taking care of it as we speak .	1
adieu, my lord.	1
if you say that ,  you’ll only be telling the truth .	1
marry ,  sir ,  she’s the kitchen wench ,  and all grease ,  and i know not what use to put her to but to make a lamp of her and run from her by her own light .	1
well ,  go thy way .	1
should i strike it with my spear ?	1
her obsequies have been as far enlarged as we have warranty .	1
let’s carry him to the barracks .	1
what horrible desire is this ?	1
did you hit your head ?	1
do we have devils here ?	1
nay ,  but the devil take mocking .	1
i am more an antique romanthan a dane .	1
i spoke with his man .	1
if you will come to me— for now i spy a danger—i entreat you to bring but five and twenty .	1
i do repent the tedious minutes i with her have spent .	1
not yet .	1
i owe you much; and ,  like a wilful youth ,  that which i owe is lost: but if you please to shoot another arrow that self way which you did shoot the first ,  i do not doubt ,  as i will watch the aim ,  or to find both ,  or bring your latter hazard back again ,  and thankfully rest debtor for the first .	1
fight valiantly today .	1
for my brother edward’s sake .	1
our troops are deployed tomorrow .	1
o ,  heaven forgive us !	1
you’re a hardworking villain who’d do anything his evil mistress wanted him to .	1
but jealous souls will not be answer'd so; they are not ever jealous for the cause, but jealous for they are jealous.	1
this love that you have shown adds more grief to mine which is already too much .	1
what villains have done this?	1
along with them they brought one pinch ,  a hungry ,  lean - faced villain ,  a mere anatomy ,  a mountebank ,  a threadbare juggler ,  and a fortune - teller ,  a needy ,  hollow - eyed ,  sharp - looking wretch ,  a living dead man .	1
master ,  master !	1
and then he offered it the third time; he put it the third time by; and still as he refused it ,  the rabblement hooted and clapped their chopped hands and threw up their sweaty nightcaps and uttered such a deal of stinking breath because caesar refused the crown ,  that it had almost choked caesar ,  for he swounded and fell down at it .	1
no corin ,  since you’re old ,  you cannot guess—even if you were as dedicated a lover in your youth as there ever was ,  sighing and mooning all night long .	1
what, in your own part, can you say to this?	1
i would have had thee there and here again ere i can tell thee what thou shouldst do there .	1
and to see how he prizes the foolish woman your wife !	1
i am starving in his service; you can count my ribs with your fingers .	1
what, did they never whisper?	1
before sunrise tomorrow ,  we’ll kill anyone who escaped today .	1
o ,  what a idle ,  wandering ,  and peasant slave i am !	1
good morrow to you both .	1
there are more things in heaven and earth ,  horatio ,  than are dreamt of in your philosophy .	1
dead .	1
i’ll be no king of england if i’m not also king of france .	1
this is illyria ,  lady .	1
bemonster not thy feature .	1
oh !	1
stay not to answer me ,  but get thee gone .	1
what did you think about that french lord ,  monsieur le bon ?	1
two thousand souls and twenty thousand dollars will not settle the question of who owns this worthless land.	1
we’ll leave tonight and be home a day before our husbands get back .	1
it’s still warm from the cut .	1
i’ll see you hang first, young filth!	1
who set this ancient quarrel new abroach ?	1
this is not an act of man ,  nor any sound like those on earth:—i hear it now above me .	1
why did you carry these daggers out of the room ?	1
oh ,  that devious egyptian spirit !	1
ah ha, my mistresses!	1
but this is a sure thing: the snake’s an odd snake .	1
my lord and you were then at mantua . — nay ,  i do bear a brain . —but ,  as i said ,  when it did taste the wormwood on the nipple of my dug and felt it bitter ,  pretty fool ,  to see it tetchy and fall out with the dug !	1
look thou but sweet ,  and i am proof against their enmity .	1
go with me to bless this twain that they may prosperous be ,  and honored in their issue .	1
so all .	1
presently ?	1
with rosaline ,  my ghostly father ?	1
and now you’ve changed ?	1
see ,  here he comes .	1
say she shall be a high and mighty queen .	1
yet let me weep for such a feeling loss .	1
the fit is momentary; upon a thought he will again be well.	1
observe her; stand close.	1
you speak not as you think; it cannot be .	1
your disloyal uncle—are you paying attention ?	1
now lies he there, and there is no one too poor to pay him respect.	1
they wash his wounds with tears .	1
i’m better off because of my enemies ,  and worse off because of my friends .	1
but ,  first or last ,  your fine egyptian cookery shall have the fame .	1
by chrish ,  la ,  ’tish ill done .	1
you’re crazy to say that !	1
this will prove a brave kingdom to me ,  where i shall have my music for nothing .	1
i am, my lord, as well born as he is, as rich; my love is better than his; my fortunes, no matter which way you look at it, are as good as demetrius'; and, furthermore, which is more important than all these qualities, hermia loves me too!	1
no ,  alas ,  i found it ,  and i gave it to my husband .	1
it shall be so .	1
live roderigo ,  he calls me to a restitution large of gold and jewels that i bobb'd from him ,  as gifts to desdemona; it must not be .	1
i am sorry to hear this .	1
the son is fled .	1
no ,  my brutus; you’ve got some sick worry on your mind ,  which ,  by the right and virtue of my place ,  i ought to know of ,  and ,  on my knees ,  i order you ,  by my once commended beauty ,  by all your vows of love ,  and that marriage vow which joined us and made us one ,  that you tell me ,  yourself ,  your half of me ,  why you’re so depressed ,  and what men have come to you tonight ,  because there have been some six or seven here ,  who hid their faces even from darkness .	1
miranda . —oh father ,  i’ve disobeyed you by telling him that !	1
where is she ?	1
how all occasions do inform against me and spur my dull revenge !	1
thus from my lips, by your lips, my sin is purged.	1
farewell ,  cicero .	1
yes sir ,  i’m fairly witty .	1
hence .	1
you thought about it too long ,  considering what you found there .	1
something sure of state ,  either from venice or some unhatch'd practice made demonstrable here in cyprus to him ,  hath puddled his clear spirit; and in such cases men's natures wrangle with inferior things ,  though great ones are their object .	1
spirits ,  which by mine art i have from their confines call'd to enact my present fancies .	1
nurse ,  where’s my daughter ?	1
go ,  blockheads ,  go ,  and bring my supper to me .	1
i therefore apprehend and do attach thee for an abuser of the world, a practicer of arts inhibited and out of warrant.— lay hold upon him.	1
in truth ,  i think you wouldn’t .	1
i’ll tell you this ,  constable ,  my mistress has his own hair .	1
everyone that does so is a traitor and must be hanged.	1
he’ll wake you up ,  i bet .	1
say to the king the knowledge of the broil as thou didst leave it.	1
what is it ,  octavia ?	1
the french ambassador upon that instant craved audience .	1
no ,  not to live !	1
ay ,  with cassio .	1
good sirs ,  take heart .	1
hark, how these instruments summon to supper!	1
you are to blame, my lord, to berate her like this.	1
how i have thought of this and of these times i shall recount hereafter .	1
we’d find that he was a dangerous plotter .	1
you mean ,  to bear me ,  not to bear with me . — uncle ,  my brother mocks both you and me .	1
let me ,  if not by birth ,  have lands by wit .	1
who can arraign me for ’t ?	1
you are not ,  cassius .	1
i beg you, no more!	1
whiles i see lives ,  the gashes do better upon them .	1
it’s been this way ever since the first government was organized .	1
tush ,  thou art deceiv'd .	1
i won’t hide unless all the mist from my heartsick groans envelopes me like fog and conceals me from people’s searching eyes .	1
donalbain.	1
it’s so too.	1
i have no hope that he's not drowned.	1
i would the fool were married to her grave!	1
i’m game .	1
ensign, what is he doing here?	1
commend me to thy lady, and bid her hasten all the house to bed, which heavy sorrow makes them apt unto.	1
they did ,  fluellen .	1
madam ,  what should i do ?	1
ay ,  indeed !	1
though in the trade of war i have slain men, yet do i hold it very stuff o' the conscience to do no contrived murder.	1
no ,  please ,  don’t let me play a woman; i have a beard starting t o grow .	1
lie—   with her ?	1
why ,  or for what ,  the nobles were committed is all unknown to me ,  my gracious lord .	1
kind gentlemen ,  let's go see poor cassio bandaged .	1
now i will believe that there are unicorns; that in arabia there is one tree ,  the throne of the phoenix; one phoenix reigning there now .	1
a sailor's wife had chestnuts in her lap, and munched, and munched, and munched.	1
pardon me ,  i pray you .	1
i have lived long enough .	1
my mother stays .	1
he’ll kill me with tortures .	1
come on ,  to ’t .	1
lead me on .	1
those that are married already—all but one—shall live; the rest shall keep as they are .	1
how now, roderigo!	1
what is she going to do here ?	1
even if we said that this behavior suits him—though only a man with a perfect character could avoid being disgraced by such antics—there’s no excuse for the extra work we’ve had to take on while he’s been off amusing himself .	1
romeo ,  there dead ,  was husband to that juliet; and she ,  there dead ,  was romeo's faithful wife .	1
and almost like a licensed surgeon .	1
and i .	1
witless else her son .	1
yea ,  or to paint himself ?	1
where is the captain ,  officer in charge ?	1
ratcliffe ,  around midnight come to my tent and help me put on my armor .	1
is't possible?	1
he did bewray his practice ,  and received this hurt you see striving to apprehend him .	1
our action will seem too bloody if we cut off caesar’s head and then hack at his arms and legs too ,  caius cassius—because mark antony is merely one of caesar’s arms .	1
drunk ?	1
give me the gown .	1
o good horatio ,  i'll take the ghost's word for a thousand pound !	1
news, friends: our wars are done, the turks are drown'd.	1
we were pushed out of power by evil deeds ,  as you call them .	1
what !	1
but what warmth is there in your affections towards any of these princes that have already come to try?	1
i tell thee true .	1
cicero ,  i’ve seen storms in which the angry winds split old oak trees ,  and i’ve seen the ocean swell ,  rage ,  and foam ,  as if it wanted to reach the storm clouds ,  but never before tonight ,  never until now ,  have i experienced a storm that drops fire .	1
i can tell you’re furious ,  but i don’t understand what you’re saying .	1
if he’s ready now ,  so am i .	1
ere i ope his letter ,  i pray you tell me how my good friend doth .	1
in himself he is; but in this kind, wanting your father's voice, the other must be held the worthier.	1
my husband will save me .	1
what wouldst thou ,  fellow ?	1
we’ve got it now . —do you see this ,  my good fellow ?	1
you’re not thinking of leaving tonight ,  surely ?	1
hello ,  sir .	1
give me only one evil enemy at a time, and i'll fight their legions again and again.	1
fare ye well .	1
o, come in, emilia.	1
he deserves it ,  even if it were covered with jewels like holy	1
i have lost my hopes.	1
my name’s roderigo .	1
upon condition publius shall not live ,  who is your sister's son ,  mark antony .	1
thou told'st me they were stolen unto this wood ,  and here am i ,  and wood within this wood ,  because i cannot meet my hermia .	1
and all my children ?	1
i should think that your appetite would act like a clock (as mine does) and bring you home on its own ,  without the need for a messenger .	1
why ,  yet it lives there unchecked that antonio hath a ship of rich lading wrack'd on the narrow seas , —the goodwins ,  i think they call the place; a very dangerous flat ,  and fatal ,  where the carcasses of many a tall ship lie buried ,  as they say ,  if my gossip report ,  be an honest woman of her word .	1
good evening to my ghostly confessor.	1
i believe drink gave thee the lie last night .	1
we are blest that rome is rid of him.	1
what committed!	1
what's your will?	1
really ,  i’m afraid you are .	1
hark ,  how they knock !	1
i saw bassanio and antonio say goodbye .	1
good enobarbus ,  consider yourself my guest as long as you’re here .	1
as gaming ,  my lord ?	1
who’s that coming ?	1
so haply slander whose whisper o'er the world's diameter ,  as level as the cannon to his blank ,  transports his poisoned shot ,  may miss our name and hit the woundless air . —o ,  come away !	1
o mighty caesar !	1
and you are come in very happy time, to bear my greeting to the senators and tell them that i will not come today.	1
why in that rawness left you wife and child ,  those precious motives ,  those strong knots of love ,  without leave - taking ?	1
i have as much of my father in me as you ,  albeit ,  i confess ,  your coming before me is nearer to his reverence .	1
yes ,  she saw me quite clearly .	1
this was the basket .	1
how?	1
thou didst usurp my place ,  and dost thou not usurp the just proportion of my sorrow ?	1
think about it.	1
what is the matter, ho?	1
she was here even now; she haunts me in every place .	1
my lord ,  your noble subjects are looking for you all over the camp .	1
wakes) when my cue comes ,  call me ,  and i will answer .	1
o caesar ,  read mine first ,  for mine's a suit that touches caesar nearer .	1
that’s very strange .	1
he’s subhuman ,  like an animal .	1
antonio ,  oh my dear antonio !	1
bid your friends welcome ,  show a merry cheer .	1
well ,  shylock ,  shall we be indebted to you ?	1
will you two help to hasten them ?	1
no ,  good my lord ,  this courtesy is not the right answer .	1
i’ll write to him a very taunting letter ,  and thou shalt bear it .	1
why ,  so .	1
is the army without a leader ?	1
the tyrant has not batter'd at their peace?	1
young fortinbras ,  with conquest come from poland ,  to the ambassadors of england gives this warlike volley .	1
if i’m more noble than you ,  you’ve done me wrong .	1
where is he ?	1
o my dear cassio, my sweet cassio!	1
what do you think ,  will my friends prove loyal ?	1
our hearts you see not; they are pitiful; and pity to the general wrong of rome— as fire drives out fire, so pity pity— hath done this deed on caesar.	1
brutus ,  a word with you .	1
you are now only fallen in his mood, a punishment more in policy than in malice; even as some one would beat his defenseless dog to scare an imperious lion.	1
do you hear what i say ,  lady ?	1
o dardanius!	1
ay ,  let the county take you in your bed !	1
thence i have followed it ,  or it hath drawn me rather .	1
commend me to your lady.	1
i dare not drink yet, madam, by and by.	1
it would be good to let the general know about it .	1
look ,  she’s come home from confession with a happy look on her face .	1
it was ,  so please your highness .	1
shut doors after you .	1
i thank you ,  sir .	1
upon my power ,  i may dismiss this court ,  unless bellario ,  a learned doctor ,  whom i have sent for to determine this ,  come here to - day .	1
thou canst compel no more than she entreat; thy threats have no more strength than her weak prayers helen ,  i love thee ,  by my life ,  i do; i swear by that which i will lose for thee to prove him false that says i love thee not .	1
if our sport had gone forward, we had all been made men.	1
i am not made of stone; i am affected by all these kind pleas ,  though it goes against my conscience and my soul .	1
oh ,  i don’t know .	1
ay ,  my lord .	1
i’m as good a gentleman as the emperor .	1
come ,  one for me .	1
i mean ,  with my head in your lap ?	1
i’m telling you ,  get out of here ,  and don’t follow me around like this .	1
heaven and your thoughts are witnesses that you are.	1
who are they that do play it ?	1
signior angelo ,  please excuse us .	1
no, god's my judge, the clerk will never grow a beard that took it.	1
help!	1
to get my poor ,  mad husband out from inside there .	1
at nine i' the morning here we'll meet again .	1
good !	1
tear him to pieces .	1
pindarus ,  order our commanders to lead their charges a little ways away from this ground .	1
what, with worms and flies?	1
unless philosophy can make a juliet, uproot a town, reverse a prince's sentence, it doesn’t help, it doesn’t succeed.	1
we never valued this poor seat of england and therefore ,  living hence ,  did give ourself to barbarous license ,  as ’tis ever common that men are merriest when they are from home .	1
what would my potent master ?	1
it came from a neutral party ,  not from someone opposed to you .	1
are you acquainted with the difference that holds this present question in the court ?	1
and came i not at last to comfort you ?	1
i have forgotten why i called you back .	1
don’t you remember how he saw a flea land on bardolph’s nose and said it was a black soul burning in hell ?	1
there was a noise ,  that’s certainly true .	1
but i’ll open the curtain and let you see the picture .	1
those dreams are indeed ambition ,  for the very substance of the ambitious is merely the shadow of a dream .	1
friendship is constant in all other things save in the office and affairs of love .	1
bring me the fairest creature born in the north, where the sun’s fire hardly thaws the icicles, and let’s make a cut for your love to prove whose blood is reddest, his or mine.	1
i told you not to hang around my house .	1
where did you die ?	1
letters, my lord, from hamlet.	1
francis flute, the bellows-mender.	1
she that i spoke of ,  our great captain's captain ,  left in the company of the bold iago ,  whose footing here occurs earlier than the seven nights we thought it would take .	1
and i’m brutus, marcus brutus; brutus, my country's friend; know me as brutus!	1
run hence ,  proclaim ,  cry it about the streets .	1
come on ,  tie them up .	1
what do you say ?	1
i’ll secure the doors, and cover myself with some more dollars, and i’ll be with you right away.	1
who is ’t that calls ?	1
oh my ,  what’s the news ?	1
you shall have letters from me to my son in your behalf ,  to meet you on the way .	1
no one that i love more than myself .	1
or i ,  i promise thee .	1
pronounce them—it is just as nice to say .	1
not if you want to keep your arms !	1
would i were so too .	1
up and down ,  up and down ,   i will lead them up and down .	1
yes ,  pilgrim ,  lips that they must use in prayer .	1
it’s hell in our house ,  and you helped cheer it up ,  like a funny devil .	1
o ,  yes ,  and soundless too ,  because you’ve stolen their buzzing ,  antony ,  and very wisely threaten before you sting .	1
nay, bigger!	1
we shall not spend a large expense of time before we reckon with your several loves ,  and make us even with you .	1
gracious my lord, i would report what i say i saw, only i don’t know how to do it.	1
let’s go, guys!	1
were you ever at court ,  shepherd ?	1
i took thee for thy better.	1
then i will kiss your lips ,  kate .	1
come ,  gentlemen ,  let’s discuss tomorrow’s action in my tent .	1
the gods defend her ! —hear him hence awhile .	1
zounds, that's fulsome!	1
i meant they had to give her credit .	1
but i need to remember i’m related to him by blood ,  not behavior .	1
is that you ,  diomedes ?	1
how is it with her ?	1
but, my good brother, don’t, as some insincere ministers do, show me the steep and thorny way to heaven, while, like a proud and reckless wild man, preaches against the primrose path of sin and does not practice what he preaches.	1
how say'st thou ,  that macduff denies his person at our great bidding ?	1
but we’ll obey .	1
it carried us toward corinth–or so we thought .	1
lulla, lulla, lullaby; lulla, lulla, lullaby.	1
virtue is no hornmaker ,  and my rosalind is virtuous .	1
stop there, stop there!	1
sblood ,  but you will not hear me .	1
parting is such sweet sorrow that i shall say good night until it’s tomorrow.	1
to tell you where he lives is to tell you where i lie .	1
why art thou angry ?	1
in places i go to, great clerks have purposed to greet me with prepared welcomes; i have seen them shiver and look pale, make full stops in the middle of sentences, mess up their practiced speeches in their fears, and, in conclusion, stop all together, dumbstruck, not paying me a welcome.	1
believe me ,  sir ,  had i such venture forth ,  the better part of my affections would be with my hopes abroad .	1
we’ll come with you ,  your grace .	1
now you have only the memory of what you were ,  which tortures you when you consider what you’ve become .	1
shall i descend ?	1
thou marshall'st me the way that i was going ,  and such an instrument i was to use .	1
o ,  o ,  o ,  o .	1
the enemies of caesar shall say all this; then ,  in a friend ,  it is cold shame .	1
come out o' th' storm .	1
that's the end .	1
and when she speaks ,  is it not an alarum to love ?	1
romeo is banishèd .  ”  there is no end ,  no limit ,  measure ,  bound ,  in that word’s death .	1
why ,  horns ,  which such as you are fain to be beholding to your wives for .	1
give me your arm .	1
no ,  how will you do for a husband ?	1
dost thou love me ?	1
my life upon ’t ,  young though thou art ,  thine eye hath stay’d upon some favor that it loves .	1
good news ,  good news !	1
let me go with you .	1
to baptista minola .	1
i am debating of my present store: and ,  by the near guess of my memory ,  i cannot instantly raise up the gross of full three thousand ducats .	1
you think i care what i’m called ?	1
begone .	1
if i could welcome the fifth with as good a heart as i can bid the other four goodbye, i would be happy of his arrival; if he has the condition of a saint and the complexion of a devil, i would rather he heard my confession than marry me.	1
i never knew a woman could love man so.	1
o very lame and powerless conclusion !	1
i'll look at him to like him ,  if ,  just by looking ,  i can like him ,  but i will not go any further than your consent gives my action strength to make it fly .	1
their understanding begins to increase ,  and the approaching tide of understanding will shortly fill the reasonable shores of their minds that are now corrupt and muddy .	1
farewell ,  thou woeful welcomer of glory .	1
that will be before sunset.	1
how are you doing ,  stephano ?	1
nor hath love’s mind of any judgment taste— wings and no eyes figure unheedy haste .	1
there is a tide in the affairs of men which, if taken at high tide, leads to good luck; not taken, all the voyages of their lives are bound to end in shallows and in miseries.	1
what an excellent idea—he’ll soak up the wine !	1
but i have cause to pry into this pedant .	1
we'll ha't tomorrow night .	1
what a miserable and obstinate fellow this king of england is ,  to blunder with his fat - headed followers so far beyond his capacity .	1
would i could answer this comfort with the like!	1
nature would produce its harvests in abundance ,  to feed my innocent people .	1
if you aren’t immortal ,  watch those around you .	1
will you lead ,  lords ?	1
now, as you’re a roman, tell me the truth.	1
no blown ambition doth our arms incite ,  but love—dear love ! —and our aged father’s right .	1
i thank you ,  sir .	1
curse not thyself ,  fair creature; thou art both .	1
look ,  here he comes .	1
fix your example ,  shepherd .	1
send for the county.	1
plucking the entrails of an offering forth ,  they could not find a heart within the beast .	1
it shall go to the barber's ,  to be cut with your beard .	1
where is duncan's body ?	1
is he not jealous ?	1
what will this do ?	1
you wrong me every way, you wrong me, brutus.	1
come on ,  niece ,  i’m sure you love him .	1
why did this have to happen now ?	1
yes ,  if the devil tempts you to do good .	1
if you maybe suspect my father is an instrument of this calling you back ,  don’t lay your blame on me .	1
nothing he did in his life became him so much like the leaving it; he died as someone one who had studied his own death ,  to throw away the dearest thing he owned as it were a careless trifle .	1
i beg you, remember the porter.	1
my dear-loved cousin, and my dearer lord?	1
i don’t love you, so stop following me.	1
and it’s all your fault .	1
swear.	1
well ,  i will undertake it .	1
that light we see is coming from my hall .	1
they say gloucester’s bastard son is .	1
why that’s with watching ,  ’twill away again .	1
goodbye ,  my lord .	1
by heaven ,  i'll make a ghost of him that lets me .	1
the devil damn thee black ,  thou cream - faced loon !	1
where dost thou hide thy head ?	1
i thank your lordship ,  it is very hot .	1
what is the matter ,  lady ?	1
i pray you ,  commend me to mistress squash ,  your mother ,  and to master peascod ,  your father .	1
it applies to you as much as to me ,  my lord .	1
there’s a division betwixt the dukes .	1
is banquo gone from court?	1
i think it freely ,  and betimes in the morning i will beseech the virtuous desdemona to undertake for me .	1
here comes ensign pistol and his wife .	1
now, 'mongst this flock of drunkards, am i to put our cassio in some action that may offend the isle.	1
farewell, thou lob of spirits; i'll be gone.	1
we two ,  my lord ,  will guard your person while you take your rest and watch your safety .	1
nay, i know not.	1
set your countenance ,  sir .	1
who here is so rude that they wouldn’t be a roman?	1
tis a world to see ,  how tame ,  when men and women are alone ,  a meacock wretch can make the curstest shrew . — give me thy hand ,  kate .	1
are you afraid?	1
o thou untaught!	1
what are these warlike noises ?	1
do not approach till thou dost hear me call.	1
i have a reasonable good ear in music .	1
thy wild acts denote the unreasonable fury of a beast .	1
well have you heard ,  but something hard of hearing .	1
as you like this ,  give me the lie again .	1
i swear ,  she’s a very good - natured lady .	1
he speaks bluntly ,  madam .	1
and ,  sir ,  tonight i do entreat that we may sup together .	1
in faith, i am sorry that you’re not well.	1
abide me ,  if thou darest; for well i wot thou runnest before me ,  shifting every place ,  and darest not stand ,  nor look me in the face .	1
i tell you what you shall do .	1
not now ,  sweet desdemona; some other time .	1
peace!	1
good girl ,  give it to me .	1
thrift ,  thrift ,  horatio .	1
the sky’s so dark it looks like it would rain down boiling hot tar if the sea weren’t swelling up to the sky to put its fire out .	1
that's the end .	1
carriage ”  makes it sound like it’s pulling around a cannon .	1
if he is not born to be hanged ,  then our present state is pitiful .	1
our hearts you see not; they are pitiful; and pity to the general wrong of rome— as fire drives out fire ,  so pity pity— hath done this deed on caesar .	1
yes ,  please; unleash your wisdom .	1
your wife ,  my lord ,  your true and loyal wife .	1
woe ,  alas !	1
your shawl good ,  what !	1
is it concluded that he shall be protector ?	1
did you say with cassio?	1
go show your slaves how choleric you are and make your bondmen tremble .	1
what ,  shall i find you here ?	1
give me thy torch, boy.	1
ay ,  are you thereabouts ?	1
you’re a good judge of horsemanship .	1
signior, is all your family within?	1
you may go so far.	1
no ,  but to live in the rotten sweat of an greasy bed ,  stewed in corruption ,  using sweet words and making love over the nasty pig sty .	1
these tears are full of grace.	1
follow !	1
oh, wise young judge, how i honor you!	1
don’t put me in the stocks .	1
then i will go to my mother by and by .	1
who's there?	1
metellus cimber ?	1
your friend ,       artemidorus .  ”  i’ll stand here until caesar passes by ,  and i’ll give him this as though it’s a petition .	1
only call me  “ love ,  ”  and i'll be baptized with a new name .	1
as he smiles ,  othello shall go crazy; and his ignorant jealousy must interpret poor cassio's smiles ,  gestures ,  and happy behavior all wrong .	1
they keep up adam’s profession .	1
true, i talk of dreams; which are the children of an idle brain, begot of nothing but vain fantasy; which is as thin of substance as the air, and more inconstant than the wind, who wooes even now the frozen bosom of the north and, being anger'd, puffs away from thence, turning his face to the dew-dropping south.	1
i’ve told you .	1
it is too rough ,  too rude ,  too boisterous; and it pricks like thorn .	1
your eldest daughters destroyed themselves and died in despair .	1
what's the matter ?	1
it’s a good thing he’s here to recommend himself .	1
kent ,  sir ,  the banished kent ,  who in disguise followed his enemy king and did him service improper for a slave .	1
does any here know me ?	1
all thy other titles thou hast given away that thou wast born with .	1
my plans take me a roundabout way .	1
confess and love ”  is more like it .	1
to none but you ,  only to you .	1
i will read it . — how much unlike art thou to portia !	1
titinius ,  if you love me ,  get on your horse and spur him on until he’s brought you to those troops and back again ,  so that i can find out whether those troops are friends or enemies .	1
i’ll find him right away ,  sir ,  and carry out the business as well as i can .	1
as long as an average person might count to a hundred .	1
therefore ,  merchant ,  i’ll limit thee this day to seek thy life by beneficial help .	1
lord, we know what we are, but know not what we may be.	1
the age is grown so picked that the toe of the peasant comes so near the heel of the courtier he galls his kibe . —how long hast thou been a grave - maker ?	1
come, come; you'll never meet a more sufficient man.	1
here they come .	1
how old are you ,  friend ?	1
tell me, has this thing appeared again tonight?	1
give me my principal ,  and let me go .	1
so do you take her or leave her ?	1
good night ,  honest iago .	1
he’s lying through his teeth !	1
don’t attack by land .	1
verona’s summer hath not such a flower .	1
my services are at your command .	1
this terrible storm has smashed the turks so badly that their plans are ruined .	1
a leathermaker will last nine years .	1
i am very glad of it: i'll plague him; i'll torture him; i am glad of it.	1
then what i have to do will want true colour—tears perchance for blood.	1
live thou ,  i live .	1
there is no terror ,  cassius ,  in your threats ,  because i’m armed so strongly in honesty ,  that they pass by me as the idle wind which i don’t respect .	1
my countryman: but yet i know him not.	1
i did, my lord, and i have reason for it.	1
yes, he spoke in greek.	1
or am i asleep now and imagining all this ?	1
my name is mary ,  sir .	1
what's the matter, husband?	1
to bed ,  to bed; there's knocking at the gate .	1
the same people who say he gets drunk with you every night .	1
tis caesar that you mean, is it not, cassius?	1
in faith ,  they are as true of heart as we .	1
what do you mean to dote thus on such luggage ?	1
but i’m sure he’ll get even with you .	1
come ,  go we to the king; our power is ready; our lack is nothing but our leave .	1
has fortune turned on me ,  like the whore she is ?	1
no ,  i am promised forth .	1
fulvia is dead .	1
titania, music call; and strike more dead than common sleep of all these five the sense.	1
two of the fairest stars in all the heaven ,  having some business ,  do entreat her eyes to twinkle in their spheres till they return .	1
let us take the law of our sides .	1
the other half goes to the state .	1
why ,  what’s the danger ?	1
bring the fancy clothes out of my house ,  to use as bait to catch these thieves .	1
sir, we were discussing how our garments now seem as fresh as they were when we were at the wedding of your daughter, who is now queen, in tunis.	1
most gracious duke, to my unfolding lend your prosperous ear.	1
when my tongue blabs ,  then let mine eyes not see .	1
tell me ,  good my friend ,  what torch is yond that vainly lends his light to grubs and eyeless skulls ?	1
and what to ?	1
i am called .	1
speak to her, hamlet.	1
whatever kind you want ,  i guess .	1
oh ,  you’re a clergyman ?	1
if duncan bleeds i’ll paint the servants' faces with his blood .	1
well then ,  your bond; and ,  let me see .	1
welcome ,  horatio .	1
i am glad on't; 'tis a worthy governor.	1
you said it right ,  old mole .	1
by the lord, horatio, this three years i have taken note of it, the age is grown so picked that the toe of the peasant comes so near the heel of the courtier he galls his kibe.	1
at least we'll die with armor on our back .	1
othello’s occupation’s gone .	1
o woeful day ,  o woeful day !	1
why should titania cross her oberon?	1
i should be wise, because honesty's a fool, and loses what it works for.	1
good ancient ,  you are welcome .	1
nothing is good, i see, without respect; methinks it sounds much sweeter than by day.	1
i’m afraid my thisbe has forgotten her promise ! —and you ,  oh wall ,  oh sweet ,  oh lovely wall ,  you stand between her father’s property and mine ,  you wall ,  oh wall ,  oh sweet and lovely wall .	1
what should i say to you ?	1
what’s this ?	1
indeed!	1
perhaps you have learned it without book .	1
here is his majesty .	1
a king ,  perhaps— my lord— how chance the prophet could not at that time have told me ,  i being by ,  that i should kill him ?	1
great happiness!	1
i won’t mess with him .	1
have you any else to tell me?	1
lock the doors .	1
you’ll just lie there like sleeping dogs and say nothing .	1
no ,  nor mine now .	1
we’ll mutiny .	1
how dost thou, sweet lord?	1
the moor replies that he you hurt is of great fame in cyprus and great affinity ,  and that in wholesome wisdom he might not but refuse you; but he protests he loves you ,  and needs no other suitor but his likings to take the safest occasion by the front to bring you in again .	1
good night, good night!	1
prithee ,  emilia ,  go know of cassio where he supped tonight . —	1
true, my lord.	1
signor lodovico ?	1
he’s dead .	1
my fairy lord ,  this must be done with haste ,  for night's swift dragons cut the clouds full fast; and yonder shines aurora's harbinger ,  at whose approach ,  ghosts ,  wandering here and there ,  troop home to churchyards .	1
i had rather be a toad ,  and live upon the vapor of a dungeon ,  than keep a corner in the thing i love for others' uses .	1
now, hamlet, where's polonius?	1
no ,  it would be impossible .	1
mark antony will say i’m not well ,  and to please you i’ll stay at home .	1
i told you, sir, they were red-hot with drinking; so full of smoothness that they beat the air for breathing in their faces; beat the ground for kissing their feet; yet always bending towards their project.	1
watch him carefully, because i will have my eyes riveted on his face, and, after the play, we will combine our observations in condemning of his actions.	1
tell her that the king ,  who has the power to command people ,  asks her .	1
ay ,  sir ,  they be ready .	1
what time is it ?	1
how well my comfort is reviv'd by this !	1
also ,  you’re supposed to visit all the bars and tell anyone who’s drunk to go home and go to bed .	1
he shall not live; look, i condemn him with a check.	1
what a pain .	1
wake up, look up, or i will die with you!	1
now ,  brutus ,  you have only yourself to thank .	1
what mean your graces ?	1
i gave you my vow before you asked for it ,  and yet ,  i wish i could give it again .	1
and throw this dead peasant into the manure pit . —regan ,  i’m bleeding .	1
oh ,  that we then could come by caesar’s spirit and not dismember caesar !	1
thou’dst shun a bear ,  but if thy flight lay toward the raging sea thou’dst meet the bear i' th' mouth .	1
get out of here !	1
oh ,  that a lady of one man refused should of another therefore be abused !	1
angelo ,  the jeweler .	1
what's the matter, lady?	1
let me ,  upon my knee ,  prevail in this .	1
just opposite to what thou justly seem'st— a damned saint ,  an honourable villain !	1
what is your pleasure ,  madam ?	1
then we'll move our ground .	1
no ,  my heart is turned to stone; i hit it ,  and it hurts my hand .	1
you shall do marvelous wisely ,  good reynaldo ,  before you visit him ,  to make inquire of his behavior .	1
let me see her .	1
a bridegroom ,  say you ?	1
go ,  take your sweetheart and leave him to me .	1
what, strike his wife!	1
but she ,  your subject ,  loathes such sovereignty .	1
i will go seek the king .	1
come now ,  your promise .	1
i have as much of this in art as you, but yet my nature could not bear it so.	1
he was somewhere in the middle ,  between them  .   .   .	1
love's heralds should be thoughts ,  which ten times faster glide than the sun's beams driving back shadows over low'ring hills .	1
no, but ask my opinion too about that.	1
there shall the pairs of faithful lovers be wedded ,  with theseus ,  all in jollity .	1
there is nothing on earth that is so evil that it does not provide the earth with some special quality .	1
the greater part ,  the horse in general ,  are come with cassius .	1
no die, but an ace, for him; for he is but one.	1
patience, i say; your mind perhaps may change.	1
oh ,  what a relief !	1
has he asked for me?	1
tear him apart ,  tear him up !	1
she wished she had not heard it ,  yet she wished that heaven had made her such a man .	1
why should he call her whore?	1
go quickly to high fortune!	1
he is a dreamer; let us leave him.	1
i can’t change your mind ?	1
infirmity ,  that decays the wise ,  doth ever make the better fool .	1
faith ,  no ,  as you may season it in the charge .	1
if you could hurt us, your swords are now too heavy for your strengths, and won’t be lifted up.	1
i won’t be far from you.	1
neither good nor bad .	1
anyway ,  sir ,  should i go see the lady ?	1
take up the bodies .	1
i'll get me to a place more void and there speak to great caesar as he comes along .	1
o you weed ,  who are so lovely beautiful ,  and smell so sweet ,  that the sense aches at you ,  i wish you had never been born !	1
murder !	1
he looks humbler than he used to .	1
was it you that was always plotting to kill him ?	1
my advocation is not now in tune; my lord is not my lord, nor should i know him were he in favor as in humor alter'd.	1
do you have it with you ?	1
if he awake, from toe to crown he'll fill our skins with pinches, make us strange stuff.	1
why have you become so rude?	1
would thou’dst be ruled by me !	1
what country is this ,  friends ?	1
by the mass, it is indeed like a camel.	1
but how is it possible that you still remember this ,  through all the darkness of the past ?	1
what's he that now is going out of door?	1
the devil take order now !	1
it is merely a lust of the blood and a permission of the will.	1
i met the young man at lawrence’s cell .	1
quiet !	1
why ,  anything; an honorable murderer ,  if you will ,  for nought did i in hate ,  but all in honor .	1
at pembroke ,  or at ha'rfordwest in wales .	1
to hell with you !	1
o heart as black as death !	1
pluck but his name out of his heart and turn him going .	1
barnardo’s taken my place .	1
so would not i .	1
o serpent heart hid with a flowering face !	1
ay ,  madam .	1
i doubt it’s anything but the obvious reason: his father’s dying and our quick marriage .	1
i will ,  my lord .	1
would you not swear ,  all you that see her ,  that she were a maid by these exterior shows ?	1
ay ,  to a niggardly host and more sparing guest .	1
o piteous spectacle!	1
to trinculo] stand farther.	1
he is full so valiant ,  and in his commendations i am fed; it is a banquet to me .	1
hear you me, jessica: lock up my doors; and when you hear the drum, and the vile squealing of the wry-neck'd fife, clamber not you up to the casements then, nor thrust your head into the public street, to gaze on christian fools with varnish'd faces: but stop my house's ears, i mean my casements; let not the sound of shallow foppery enter my sober house.—by jacob's staff i swear, i have no mind of feasting forth to-night: but i will go.—go you before me, sirrah; say, i will come.	1
you shall see many a duteous and knee - bending rogue that ,  doting on his own obedient slavery ,  wears himself out ,  much like his master's ass ,  for nothing but dry oats; and when he's old ,  dismissed from the service .	1
as we were trading blows ,  more and more people showed up to join the fight ,  until the prince came and broke everyone up .	1
no ,  no ,  i can’t ,  really .	1
mark well metellus cimber .	1
come ,  where’s the chain ?	1
i’d rather have this tongue cut from my mouth than it should do offense to michael cassio; still ,  i convince myself ,  speaking the truth shall not wrong him .	1
madam ,  with much ado .	1
it is so.	1
who's there?	1
but when i got here ,  some minutes before the time of her waking up ,  here the noble paris lay and true romeo ,  both untimely dead .	1
ha ,  they pluck out my eyes !	1
and i’ll be eternally grateful to you .	1
i was his daughter when your highness took my father’s dukedom .	1
what are you here that cry so grievously ?	1
i will live in your heart ,  die in your lap ,  and be buried in your eyes—and ,  what’s more ,  i will go with you to your uncle’s .	1
what was that cry for ?	1
tell me ,  what does he think of our situation ?	1
what say you ,  james soundpost ?	1
this is most brave ,  that i ,  the son of a dear father murder'd ,  prompted to my revenge by heaven and hell ,  must ,  like a whore ,  unpack my heart with words and fall a - cursing like a very drab ,  a scullion !	1
who is it ?	1
hark ,  canst thou hear me ?	1
then be thou jocund.	1
never .	1
i would do much to atone them ,  for the love i bear to cassio .	1
the wisdom of your loyalty ,  fair bianca ,  has cost me a hundred crowns since dinner .	1
hark !	1
why, why is this?	1
very soon ,  because you want it .	1
has this fellow no feeling of his business, that he sings at grave-making?	1
it shall penetrate your understanding that i am innocent of your father's death ,  and am most sincerely in grief for it ,  as day penetrates your eye .	1
i’ll bandage up these wounds and swear i got them in the french wars .	1
it’s strange that regan and her husband left their house without sending back my messenger .	1
well ,  she can get used to it .	1
but it shall not be so long; this wrestler shall clear all .	1
tis he .	1
to thine own peace .	1
beat them down !	1
yes ,  sir ,  and i’ll leave when you ask me to .	1
for she his hairy temples then had rounded with coronet of fresh and fragrant flowers; and that same dew which sometime on the buds was wont to swell, like round and orient pearls stood now within the pretty flowerets' eyes, like tears, that did their own disgrace bewail.	1
rise ,  and lend thine ear .	1
you see how naïve and foolish i’ve been .	1
why ,  no ,  sir .	1
god made him, and therefore let him pass for a man.	1
why are you telling me this ?	1
why ,  my boy ?	1
i fear me you’ll be in till then .	1
o, farewell, farewell the neighing steed and the shrill trump, the spiritstirring drum, the earpiercing fife, the royal banner, and all quality, pride, pomp, and circumstance of glorious war!	1
your death would prevent that .	1
upon your sword sit laurel victory ,  and smooth success be strewed before your feet .	1
i stay too long.	1
by mary ,  sir ,  by many a wind instrument that i know .	1
to sebastian] if but one of his pockets could speak, [to sebastian] if but one of his pockets could speak, would it not say he lies?	1
shall i be afraid when a madman stares at me?	1
excellent good .	1
you wanted to be king of the island ,  sir ?	1
or i do forget myself!	1
had i as many eyes as thou hast wounds ,  weeping as fast as they stream forth thy blood ,  it would become me better than to close in terms of friendship with thine enemies .	1
madam, i wish it may.	1
but ships are but boards, sailors but men: there be land-rats and water-rats, land-thieves and water-thieves; i mean, pirates; and then, there is the peril of waters, winds, and rocks.	1
come ,  merchant ,  have you any thing to say ?	1
a play there is, my lord, some ten words long, which is as brief as i have known a play; but by ten words, my lord, it is too long, which makes it tedious, because, in all the play there is not one appropriate word, one player a good actor.	1
who ?	1
she would make a good wife for benedick .	1
and sometime comes she with a tithe - pig’s tail tickling a parson’s nose as he lies asleep ,  then he dreams of another benefice .	1
take heed of cassius .	1
and o you mortal engines ,  whose rude throats the immortal jove’s dead clamors counterfeit ,  farewell !	1
for first was he contract to lady lucy— your mother lives a witness to that vow— and afterward by substitute betrothed to bona ,  sister to the king of france .	1
i am amazed and know not what to say .	1
drones hive not with me .	1
pray you ,  peace !	1
the boy was the very support of my age ,  my very prop .	1
never did mockers waste more idle breath .	1
here ,  peter quince .	1
remorseless ,  treacherous ,  lecherous ,  kindless villain !	1
he seeks my life .	1
do you know him ?	1
my clerk hath some good comforts too for you .	1
room for antony!—most noble antony!	1
speak thou now .	1
poor man !	1
what ,  dares the slave come hither ,  cover'd with an antic face ,  to fleer and scorn at our solemnity ?	1
the name of cassius gives credit to these corrupt actions ,  and so they go unpunished .	1
look at the calendar, and come back and tell me.	1
the wooing is like a scottish jig: hot and fast and full of whimsy and illusion .	1
listen, more knocking.	1
such comfort as do lusty young men feel when well - apparell'd april on the heel of limping winter treads ,  even such delight among fresh female buds shall you this night inherit at my house .	1
not i.	1
i’ll lock up the doors ,  grab some more ducats ,  and be with you right away .	1
men must not walk too late .	1
there be some such ,  no question .	1
okay ,  who does it trot for ?	1
and they thought margaret was hero ?	1
o regan ,  goneril ,  your old kind father ,  whose frank heart gave all— oh ,  that way madness lies .	1
tis very much .	1
it’s clear ,  every man must take responsibility for the manner of his own death .	1
ay, truly; for the power of beauty will sooner transform honesty from what it is to a bawd than the force of honesty can translate beauty into his likeness.	1
don’t wrong her birth .	1
brother ,  my lord the duke ,  stand to and do as we .	1
was this inserted to make interest good?	1
tis monstrous.	1
therefore i do advise you ,  take this note .	1
you say well .	1
i will not.	1
not that we love words better ,  as you do .	1
is it good news ?	1
are you the lady of the house ?	1
trinculo ,  if you trouble him any more in ’s tale ,  by this hand ,  i will supplant some of your teeth .	1
yet ‘banished’ ?	1
you think you can get rid of me that easily ?	1
honest, my lord!	1
you shall not go .	1
nine or ten times i had thought to have yerk'd him here under the ribs .	1
torture will open your lips.	1
and did not they put on my brows this wreath of victory and bid me give it thee ?	1
there's ne'er a villain dwelling in all denmark but he's an arrant knave.	1
welcome then .	1
i heard thee speak me a speech once, but it was never acted; or if it was, not above once; for the play, i remember, pleased not the million, 'twas caviary to the general; but it was—as i received it, and others, whose judgments in such matters cried in the top of mine—an excellent play, well digested in the scenes, set down with as much mod- esty as cunning.	1
i shall have glory by this losing day, more than octavius and mark antony by this vile conquest shall attain unto.	1
belike for want of rain ,  which i could well beteem them from the tempest of my eyes .	1
i’d bet my life that ,  as young as you are ,  you’ve fallen in love with someone .	1
he scrape a trencher!	1
i’ll tell him of fair hermia's flight; then tomorrow night ,  he will pursue her to the forest ,  and ,  even if he just thanks me for this knowledge ,  it is sweet payment .	1
souls and bodies hath he divorced three ,  and his incensement at this moment is so implacable that satisfaction can be none but by pangs of death and sepulchre .	1
i will go straight to visit him .	1
you won’t lose any respect .	1
some of them give me money ,  some invite me places ,  some thank me for the kind things i’ve done for them ,  some try to sell me things .	1
good morning ,  general .	1
even if we don’t fight foreign enemies ,  we’ll beat down these rebels at home .	1
i'll have grounds more relative than this.	1
remorseless ,  treacherous ,  lecherous ,  kindless villain !	1
i have many enemies in orsino’s court ,  else would i very shortly see thee there .	1
my friends ,  remember that you’re my guests here .	1
god forgive us our sins!	1
i long to hear him call the drunkard  “ husband ,  ”  and how my men will stay themselves from laughter when they do homage to this simple peasant .	1
still better, and worse.	1
i know my nails are stronger than my eyes; i’ll scratch them out .	1
what ,  gertrude ?	1
my name is roderigo .	1
i am dying ,  egypt ,  dying .	1
where should we eat ?	1
to be now a sensible man ,  by and by a fool ,  and presently a beast !	1
no ,  sure ,  i cannot think it ,  that he would steal away so guiltylike ,  seeing you coming .	1
we’ll speak again tomorrow .	1
i seek no revenge for myself ,  but so dearly do i hold the safety of my kingdom ,  which you sought to destroy ,  that you must be punished according to her laws .	1
but listen to me ,  gratiano .	1
there was, for a while, no money paid for debate unless the poet and the player fought over the question.	1
oh ,  go away !	1
hoyday ,  a riddle !	1
do you not hear me speak?	1
how did her eyes come to be so bright?	1
the king’s son have i landed by himself ,  whom i left cooling of the air with sighs in an odd angle of the isle ,  and sitting ,  his arms in this sad knot .	1
why rejoice?	1
i'll not be forsworn.	1
when should the three of us meet again?	1
you know that all my funds are invested in ships at sea; i don’t have the money or goods to raise such a large sum; so ,  go out ,  see what my credit in venice can do for you ,  credit that shall be stretched ,  even to the outer limits ,  to supply you for your trip to belmont to beautiful portia .	1
marry ,  i would not do such a thing for a joint - ring ,  nor for measures of lawn ,  nor for gowns ,  petticoats ,  nor caps ,  nor any petty exhibition .	1
i have looked on the world for twenty eight years, and since i could distinguish between a benefit and a disadvantage, i’ve never found man that knew how to love himself.	1
if you shut the windows ,  it will pour out the keyhole .	1
madam, i am here.	1
if you ever loved your dear father — o god!	1
i hope maybe then you’ll send him back home soon .	1
make a short shrift .	1
o ,  vengeance !	1
play me some music .	1
i never hurt you .	1
what is your will ,  sir ,  that you send for me ?	1
that’s her torment .	1
i cannot tell ,  except they are busied about a counterfeit assurance .	1
what should we say ,  my lord ?	1
would't had been done !	1
how do you mean ,   “ conspired ”  ?	1
are all the rest come back?	1
you are their heir and sit on their throne ,  and the blood and courage that glorified them run in your veins .	1
have you not hurt your head?	1
i will kiss thy lips .	1
what’s going on ,  my love ?	1
are you sure of that ?	1
where are your jokes now ?	1
oh ,  he hath murdered his master !	1
but listen, i thought you said you don’t lend or borrow by charging interest.	1
i cannot live to hear the news from england ,  but i do predict that the throne belongs to fortinbras .	1
my good knave eros ,  now thy captain is even such a body .	1
tis a wonder ,  by your leave ,  she will be tamed so .	1
you speak your whole part all at once ,  cues ,  and all . —pyramus enter .	1
therefore ,  put money in thy purse .	1
you have little cause to say so .	1
if i could shoot lightning bolts from my eyes ,  i can tell you who’d be on the ground .	1
your sweet brother wanted to come meet you ,  but his mother wouldn’t let him .	1
or is it a fee-grief due to some single breast?	1
if you send them word you’ll not come ,  they may change their minds .	1
he shall think ,  by the letters that thou wilt drop ,  that they come from my niece ,  and that she’s in love with him .	1
it’s true ,  i confess .	1
that’s out of tune ,  sir .	1
come, good sir, will you show me to this house?	1
where are your jokes now?	1
what is your will ?	1
so awake when i am gone; for i must go now to oberon .	1
on me ,  that halts and am misshapen thus ?	1
i think it is like a weasel.	1
are you serious ?	1
no, it’s not as deep as a well, or as wide as a church door; but it’s enough, it will do.	1
thou wouldst make a good fool .	1
and i ,  delivering you ,  am satisfied ,  and therein do account myself well paid .	1
a happiness that often madness hits on, which reason and sanity could not so prosperously be delivered of.	1
i am not bound to please thee with my answers .	1
farewell ,  then ,  signior lucentio .	1
oh pyramus, arise, speak, speak.	1
when he came to himself again, he said, if he had done or said any thing amiss, he desired their worships to think it was his infirmity.	1
i did so, and went further, which is now our point of second meeting.	1
it is neither here nor there.	1
there are no bushes or shrubs to protect me from the weather here .	1
well ,  i think it’s good to be serious and keep quiet .	1
oh ,  oh ,  oh ,  oh .	1
heaven help her ! —get him out of here for now .	1
what committed !	1
we will ,  my noble lord .	1
i am poison'd .	1
i do not find that thou dealest justly with me .	1
i beg your pardon .	1
some of your french crowns have no hair at all, and then you will play it with no beard!	1
this was the most unkindest cut of all .	1
i will leave you now to your gossip - like humor .	1
the date is out of such prolixity .	1
she speaks a lot about her father, she says she hears there are tricks in the world, and coughs, and beats her chest, kicks enviously at nothing, says things in doubt that only make half sense.	1
wast thou with rosaline?	1
what ,  hello !	1
he can hold his fingers in a v - shape like this ,  and pyramus and thisbe can whisper to each other through that little crack .	1
i was also ordered to add ,  hail ,  most worthy baron ,  for the title of baron of cawdor is yours .	1
i'll fight ,  ’til from my bones my flesh be hack'd .	1
quail ,  crush ,  conclude ,  and quell !	1
hail !	1
grim - visaged war hath smoothed his wrinkled front; and now ,  instead of mounting barbèd steeds to fright the souls of fearful adversaries ,  he capers nimbly in a lady’s chamber to the lascivious pleasing of a lute .	1
am i a married man or a bachelor?	1
i have performed your pleasure and my promise .	1
she cannot be so much without true judgment ,  having so swift and excellent a wit as she is prized to have ,  as to refuse so rare a gentleman as signior benedick .	1
the labor we delight in physics pain .	1
disorder ,  that hath spoiled us ,  friend us now .	1
ha?	1
my lord ,  the queen would speak with you ,  and presently .	1
let it go .	1
lysander ,  if you live ,  good sir ,  wake up !	1
i was .	1
what mean these masterless and gory swords to lie discolour'd by this place of peace ?	1
it is not madness that i have utt'red.	1
in debating which was best ,  we shall part with neither .	1
but one cup .	1
and that same vengeance doth he hurl on thee for false forswearing and for murder too .	1
o god !	1
my charms i'll break ,  their senses i'll restore ,  and they shall be themselves .	1
pardon me ,  lords and gentlemen who stayed awake .	1
now is it rome indeed ,  and room enough ,  when there is in it but one only man .	1
good morning ,  neighbor baptista .	1
tis hamlet's character.	1
arms ,  take your last embrace !	1
oh, damn you, stubborn dog!	1
will you make me happy?	1
happily he’s the second time come to them ,  for they say an old man is twice a child .	1
away before me to sweet beds of flowers .	1
here i am ,  your slave—a poor ,  sick ,  weak ,  hated old man .	1
indeed ,  my lord ,  you made me believe so .	1
let me not burst in ignorance, but tell why thy canonized bones, hearsed in death, have burst their cerements, why the sepulchre wherein we saw thee quietly inurn'd, hath oped his ponderous and marble jaws to cast thee up again.	1
my sister may receive it much more worse to have her gentleman abused ,  assaulted for following her affairs . —put in his legs .	1
stay ,  on thy peril .	1
laertes, was your father dear to you?	1
well then ,  the beef without the mustard .	1
do you believe his  “ offers ,  ”  as you call them ?	1
had i as many mouths as hydra, such an answer would stop them all.	1
on thursday ,  sir ?	1
o cassius ,  i’m sick because of many sorrows .	1
come ,  one for me .	1
but who asked you to join us?	1
if it pleases you to dine with us.	1
it said ,   “ love me and don’t leave me .  ”  how can you talk about the quality of the poem or the value of the ring ?	1
believe me, sir, had i such venture forth, the better part of my affections would be with my hopes abroad.	1
lain .	1
god, if he who wrote the play had played pyramus, and hanged himself in thisbe's garter, it would have been a fine tragedy.	1
my lord ,  i know what i’m saying .	1
a tomb must cover thy sweet eyes .	1
what do you want from me ,  my good man ?	1
yet she must die ,  else she’ll betray more men .	1
oh ,  i’m out of breath from this foolish chase .	1
master ,  for my hand ,  both our inventions meet and jump in one .	1
i know not ,  madam .	1
if we welcome our punishment ,  we punish it right back by seeming to take it lightly .	1
the boy gives warning something doth approach .	1
and now i’ll do ’t .	1
you corrupt judge ,  why did you let her escape ?	1
wisdom and goodness to the vile seem vile .	1
why do you complain about your birth, the heaven, and earth?	1
let’s go ,  because it’s already after midnight ,  and we want him on our side before daylight .	1
i’ll be more jealous of you than a wild rooster over his hen; more noisy than a parrot chattering about the rain; more fond of new things than an ape; more giddy about getting what i want than a monkey .	1
this is i ,  hamlet the dane .	1
o flesh, flesh, how art thou fishified!	1
look ,  let’s stay here tonight .	1
this did i fear ,  but thought he had no weapon ,  for he was great of heart .	1
o, then i see that madmen have no ears.	1
what have you done?	1
most certain .	1
o my brother's child!	1
will you go ahead?	1
let me go ,  i say .	1
a rhyme i learned even now from someone i couldn’t dance with.	1
you are all most welcome here; please make yourselves at home .	1
i always loved you.	1
where are the vile beginners of this fray ?	1
i will go on the slightest errand now to the antipodes that you can devise to send me on .	1
how is it with you ?	1
she has spoke what she should not ,  i am sure of that .	1
go ,  get away from here ,  because i will not leave .	1
marry ,  patience ,  or i shall say you are all in all in spleen ,  and nothing of a man .	1
is your marriage here ?	1
please wear this ring .	1
what rests?	1
hail !	1
your children caused you trouble in your youth ,  but mine will bring you comfort in your old age .	1
here on his manly breast.	1
gregory, on my word, we'll not carry coals.	1
sweetheart !	1
i am debating about my present monies ,  and ,  by the nearest guess ,  i remember that i cannot instantly raise up the whole sum of three thousand dollars .	1
shame of what ,  lady ?	1
i am glad 'tis night ,  you do not look on me ,  for i am much asham'd of my exchange: but love is blind ,  and lovers cannot see the pretty follies that themselves commit; for if they could ,  cupid himself would blush ,  to see me thus transformed to a boy .	1
it is ,  my lord .	1
peace ,  oh !	1
why didn’t you say  “ the swift steps ”  of time instead of the  “ lazy foot ”  ?	1
have you conspired ,  have you with these contrived ,  to bait me with this foul derision ?	1
it turns kings into gods and men of lower rank into kings .	1
i found this pinned to my tent this morning .	1
so ,  are you done ?	1
o dear ophelia ,  i am ill at these numbers .	1
it is unusually cold, my lord, indeed.	1
here is yet a postscript .	1
he almost begs for the opportunity to help you .	1
be friendly to people but don’t overdo it .	1
the duke greets you, general; and he requires your super-speedy appearance this instant.	1
what do you want to say ,  sir ?	1
what ceremony else?	1
now, you blasphemer, who sent grace overboard with swearing, don’t you have an oath on shore?	1
no ,  madam; we have selected the necessary things that are useful for our event tomorrow .	1
we spend more time seeking out the fleeting glories of this temporary world than looking to the permanent grace of god !	1
you did .	1
early tomorrow will we rise and hence.	1
and this man is now become a god, and cassius is a wretched creature, and must bend his body if caesar carelessly but nod on him.	1
hello ,  sir .	1
good gertrude ,  put a guard over your son .	1
who's there ?	1
went he hence now ?	1
your plantain leaf is excellent for that.	1
how can you stand there shamelessly talking about me and hippolyta ,  when you know that i know about your love for theseus ?	1
may heaven bless you .	1
if you don’t repay me on the day we agree on ,  in the place we name ,  for the sum of money fixed in our contract ,  your penalty will be a pound of your pretty flesh ,  to be cut off and taken out of whatever part of your body i like .	1
i'll re you ,  i'll fa you .	1
how 'strangely'?	1
down ,  therefore ,  and beg mercy of the duke .	1
let us be united in our revenge against him.	1
i pardon that man’s life .	1
his military ability is double that of the other two .	1
we both obey, and here we give up ourselves, without reservation, to lay our service freely at your feet, to be commanded.	1
my lord, the queen would speak with you, and presently.	1
it’s as if this show describes the argument of the play.	1
macbeth !	1
leonato ,  stand i here ?	1
to romeo] why the devil did you come between us?	1
now ,  good angels preserve the king !	1
be assured you may .	1
here is more news .	1
hear me yet ,  good shylock .	1
i’d deny whatever evidence you had against me—even if it were in my own handwriting—and turn it all into evidence against you and your plans for treachery .	1
and now you throw flowers in the way if the man that comes in triumph over pompey's death?	1
he’s somewhere else in the house .	1
that’ll keep them from being afraid .	1
what a blow was there given !	1
but i slip from underneath her and she falls down ,  crying ,   “ ow ,  my butt !  ”  and starts coughing ,  and then everyone laughs and has fun .	1
i shall, my lord.	1
no ,  rather i will go to benedick and counsel him to fight against his passion; and truly i’ll devise some honest slanders to stain my cousin with .	1
you’d think everyone was asleep .	1
all i’m saying is that strange things have been going on .	1
still be ’t yours .	1
i go ,  my lord .	1
i know well where he is.	1
let it alone .	1
for, coming thence, my son is lost, and, in my rate, she too, who is so far from italy removed i ne'er again shall see her.	1
no harm.	1
blest pudding !	1
a second daniel, a daniel, jew!	1
the lieutenant tonight watches on the court of guard.	1
such a wagon driver as phaeton (the son of the sun god) would whip you to the west and bring in a cloudy night immediately.	1
call yourself your own sister ,  because i want you .	1
so, as a painted tyrant, pyrrhus stood, and like a neutral to his will and matter, did nothing.	1
i will give thee mine .	1
fie ,  fie ,  fie ,  pah ,  pah ! —give me an ounce of civet ,  good apothecary ,  to sweeten my imagination .	1
i’m being repaid for that now .	1
worthily spoken ,  maecenas .	1
now is that noble vessel full of grief ,  that it runs over even at his eyes .	1
rightly to be great is not to stir without great argument ,  but greatly to find quarrel in a straw when honour's at the stake .	1
o!	1
only to satisfy my thought, no further harm.	1
lead me .	1
farewell .	1
from now on this is what i’ll think of your love .	1
madam ,  some actors happened to cross our paths on the way here .	1
peace, oh!	1
good friend ,  ”  he said ,   “ say that the faithful roman sends an oyster’s treasure to the great queen of egypt ,  and that he plans to enhance this meager gift by adding new kingdoms to her empire .	1
your fortunes are the same .	1
the devil is at my elbow and tempts me ,  saying to me ,   “ gobbo ,  launcelot gobbo ,  good launcelot ”  or  “ good gobbo ”  or  “ good launcelot gobbo ,  use your legs ,  get going ,  run away .  ”  my conscience says ,   “ no; be careful ,  honest launcelot ,  be careful ,  honest gobbo ”  or ,  as i said before ,   “ honest launcelot gobbo ,  don’t run; scorn running with your heels .  ”  well ,  the most courageous devil tells me to pack .	1
test me ,  and i will re - word the problem ,  which madness would run away from .	1
where is your husband ?	1
look to your house ,  your daughter ,  and your bags !	1
meaning ,  to curtsy .	1
his means of death ,  his obscure burial— no trophy ,  sword ,  nor hatchment o'er his bones ,  no noble rite nor formal ostentation ,  cry to be heard ,  as 'twere from heaven to earth ,  that i must call't in question .	1
yes ,  monstrous ,  monstrous !	1
why ,  what should be the fear ?	1
this is the door.	1
we are used to winning by standing on the earth and fighting toe to toe .	1
i pray thee ,  tell me then that he is well .	1
farewell .	1
good friends, sweet friends, don’t let me stir you up to such a sudden flood of rebellion.	1
why are you grown so rude ?	1
stop there ,  stop there .	1
out ,  loathed medicine !	1
caesar should be a beast without a heart if he should stay at home today for fear .	1
the great rage ,  you see ,  is killed in him .	1
she was worried about my absence ,  and about the fact that young octavius and mark antony have grown so strong—which i found out at the same time as the news of her death .	1
i therefore arrest and attack you as an abuser of the world, a practitioner of the forbidden and illegal arts.	1
o simple !	1
the town sounds a parley .	1
romeo killed him; he killed mercutio.	1
thy spirit walks abroad, and turns our swords in our own proper entrails.	1
look you ,  if you take the matter otherwise than is meant ,  captain macmorris ,  peradventure i shall think you do not use me with that affability as ,  in discretion ,  you ought to use me ,  look you ,  being as good a man as yourself ,  both in the disciplines of war and in the derivation of my birth and in other particularities .	1
my brother didn’t use my name to justify his rebellion .	1
thou mak'st me merry; i am full of pleasure .	1
no ,  sir ,  i did not give the finger to you ,  sir ,  but i did give the finger .	1
i know thou canst not choose .	1
what if i’d said i saw him do something to hurt you ?	1
god save your majesty .	1
what you have spoken may be so perhaps .	1
who was the thane lives yet, but under heavy judgement bears that life which he deserves to lose.	1
your crown burns my eyeballs.	1
how are you ?	1
my news shall be the fruit to that great feast .	1
who’s there ?	1
i am invisible; and i will overhear their conference.	1
please ,  remember i have worked faithfully for you ,  told you no lies ,  made no mistakes ,  served without a grudge or grumblings .	1
your grief should not be equal to his worth ,  because then your sorrow would never end .	1
we coted them on the way ,  and hither are they com -  ing to offer you service .	1
there, my lord.	1
o god ,  did romeo’s hand shed tybalt’s blood ?	1
would he have snuck away from me while i was asleep ?	1
i beg you ,  come; will you ?	1
i’m saying it to the girl who isn’t here and doesn’t hear me .	1
how now ,  what news ?	1
sir ,  that would be me and my partner .	1
methinks he hath no drowning mark upon him; his complexion is perfect gallows.	1
upon my soul ,  a lie ,  a wicked lie .	1
let's assist them, for our case is theirs.	1
o ,  heaven forgive us !	1
what disease is he talking about ?	1
and that which spites me more than all these wants ,  he does it under name of perfect love ,  as who should say ,  if i should sleep or eat ,  'twere deadly sickness or else present death .	1
pitiful situation !	1
and so far blameless proves my enterprise, that i have 'nointed an athenian's eyes; and so far am i glad it so did sort, as this their jangling i esteem a sport.	1
another general shout!	1
let quick sulfurous lightning ,  strong enough to split enormous trees ,  singe the white hair on my head .	1
the point envenomed too ! —then ,  venom ,  to thy work .	1
farewell .	1
ill luck, ill luck?	1
now ,  by the world ,  it is a lusty wench .	1
pray you ,  sir ,  stand up .	1
no .	1
no ,  good mother .	1
take out your sword .	1
what ,  wake up ,  man !	1
while then ,  god be with you !	1
for pity’s sake, my lord, my wife died tonight.	1
most happy !	1
yes ,  in a very gentlemanly way .	1
alas ,  he is too young .	1
goodbye ,  my lord .	1
to pay five ducats, five, i would not farm it; nor will it yield to norway or the pole a ranker rate, should it be sold in fee.	1
thou shalt be lord of it, and i'll server thee.	1
is ’t so ,  my lords of england ?	1
i swear ,  you speak the truth .	1
here comes one .	1
captain macmorris ,  if you take my words in some way other than how they were meant ,  see ,  i’ll have to think you’re not treating me with the good will you ought to ,  see ,  since i am as good a man as yourself ,  both in the practice of war and in my country of origin and in other respects .	1
and sayst thou yet that exile is not death ?	1
the poor people died .	1
but oh ,  poor gloucester— lost he his other eye ?	1
yes ,  my lord .	1
helena ,  adieu .	1
march to the bridge .	1
o, then, by day where wilt thou find a cavern dark enough to mask thy monstrous visage?	1
o god!	1
i am still a virgin; i have never gone back on my word ,  scarcely have wanted what was my own ,  at no time broke a promise ,  would not betray the devil to his fellow ,  and delight more in truth than life .	1
we are often to blame in this, it’s been proven often, that with devotion's face and holy actions, we sugar over the devil himself.	1
i think you’re denying what you really are .	1
it must be se offendendo; it cannot be else .	1
seigneur valentio and his cousin tybalt; lucio and the lively helena .  ”  a fair assembly .	1
you say so?	1
the world esteemed thy father honorable ,  but i did find him still mine enemy .	1
stay ,  then .	1
go away !	1
thou wretched, rash, intruding fool, farewell!	1
i have brought him a present .	1
you’re serious enough to know not to play games with satan .	1
friends am i with you all and love you all ,  upon this hope that you shall give me reasons why and wherein caesar was dangerous .	1
but one, poor one, one poor and loving child, but one thing to rejoice and solace in, and cruel death hath catch'd it from my sight!	1
no, my brutus, you have some sick offense within your mind, which by the right and virtue of my place i ought to know of; and, upon my knees, i charm you, by my once commended beauty, by all your vows of love and that great vow which did incorporate and make us one, that you unfold to me, yourself, your half, why you are heavy, and what men tonight have had resort to you; for here have been some six or seven, who did hide their faces even from darkness.	1
nay ,  that’s true ,  that’s very true .	1
don’t insult me with your distrust .	1
i'll follow you ,  and make a heaven of hell ,  to die by the hand that i love so well .	1
you juggler !	1
and i think she’s at least thirty .	1
showing mercy by pardoning killers only causes more murders .	1
and what other oath than honesty to honesty promised that this promise shall be, or we will die for it?	1
done what, my good lord?	1
indeed ,  he plied them both with excellent praises .	1
afraid that your anger would not subside ,  she sent you word she was dead .	1
i wouldn’t change my mind even if she were	1
let’s do it .	1
that’s why i’m worried about you .	1
it’s a friend of antony’s .	1
we see the ground on which these sorrows lie ,  but we cannot find the true ground of all these piteous woes without knowing what happened .	1
o ,  let us have him ,  for his silver hairs will purchase us a good opinion and buy men’s voices to commend our deeds .	1
here comes my little bird .	1
to the seaside straightway !	1
god make your majesty joyful ,  as you have been .	1
o scotland ,  scotland !	1
alas, the day!	1
the turkish navy will be broken up .	1
come now ,  keep your oath .	1
by my faith in love ,  i will ,  then .	1
o, break, my heart!	1
so sorrow's heaviness doth heavier grow for debt that bankrupt sleep doth sorrow owe; which now in some slight measure it will pay ,  if for his tender here i make some stay .	1
both sides are even .	1
i like not fair terms and a villain's mind.	1
nay, very pale.	1
every one.	1
i fear the trust othello puts him in on some odd time of his infirmity will shake this island .	1
i may say ,  thrusting it ,  because piercing steel and poison darts shall be as welcome to the ears of brutus as the news of this sight .	1
o hamlet, thou hast cleft my heart in twain.	1
let it go all .	1
my wife !	1
o dardanius!	1
scorn and derision never come in tears .	1
mend me ,  thou saucy -  fellow !	1
now ,  roderigo ,  where did you see her ? —oh ,  that miserable wretch ! —you say you saw her with the moor ? —oh ,  who would want to be a father ? —how did you know it was her ? —to think she tricked me so easily ! —what did she say to you ? —get me more candles ,  and wake up all my relatives .	1
o ,  sir ,  the conceit is deeper than you think for .	1
listen to me me, good brother.	1
there ,  my blessing with you !	1
whither will you that i go to answer this your charge ?	1
i have more cause .	1
then you live about her waist, or in the middle of her favours?	1
fetch me this herb ,  and be thou here again ere the leviathan can swim a league .	1
with all my heart ,  sir .	1
twill be a good way ,  and tomorrow the wrestling is .	1
how may that be ?	1
the very place puts toys of desperation ,  without more motive ,  into every brain that looks so many fathoms to the sea and hears it roar beneath .	1
or have we eaten some plant root that makes us hallucinate?	1
ecstasy?	1
angels are bright still, though the brightest fell.	1
i do not think't .	1
rather approach’d too late !	1
down with the montagues !	1
here ,	1
i’m all right .	1
this was an enterprise, sir, that jacob worked for; a thing that was not in his power to bring to pass, but swayed and fashioned by the hand of heaven.	1
why ,  no; the day dawned before we parted .	1
should we all give up and drown ?	1
and before i make her normal again—i can cure her by treating her with another plant—i’ll make her give me that little boy as my page .	1
i shall offend ,  either to detain or give it .	1
what change is this, sweet love?	1
i will requite your loves.	1
his horse is slain ,  and all on foot he fights ,  seeking for richmond in the throat of death .	1
an adder did it ,  for with doubler tongue than thine ,  thou serpent ,  never adder stung .	1
but do not go with it .	1
quiet !	1
a halter gratis ,  nothing else ,  for god’s sake .	1
heartily ,  farewell .	1
o ,  in this love ,  you love your child so ill that you run mad ,  seeing that she is well .	1
couldn’t this make you know that the hate i have for you made me leave you like that?	1
dear general ,  i never gave you any reason .	1
he's loved of the distracted multitude ,  who like not in their judgment ,  but their eyes; and where 'tis so ,  the offender's scourge is weigh'd ,  but never the offence .	1
caesar ,  beware of brutus .	1
no pains ,  sir .	1
ready.	1
who's there ?	1
let the gods who stirred up this dreadful storm bring their enemies to light .	1
i am no fighter .	1
i am debating about my present monies, and, by the nearest guess, i remember that i cannot instantly raise up the whole sum of three thousand dollars.	1
and i .	1
there is a river in macedon ,  and there is also ,  moreover ,  a river at monmouth .	1
o day and night ,  but this is wondrous strange !	1
i prithee ,  when thou seest that act afoot ,  even with the very comment of thy soul observe my uncle .	1
you gentle romans— quiet there !	1
i have heard of your paintings too ,  well enough .	1
double, double, toil and trouble; fire, burn; and caldron, bubble.	1
my lord ,  i have remembrances of yours that i have longèd long to redeliver .	1
had our general been what he knew himself ,  it had gone well .	1
damn her ,  lewd cat !	1
prepare the horses for your lady .	1
what counterfeit did i give you ?	1
you need a crutch, a crutch!	1
absolutely ,  you idiot .	1
proceed, moon.	1
i was always plain with you ,  and so now i speak my agitation of the matter .	1
how are you ,  my lord ?	1
like love ,  my lord ,  before it learns to love .	1
what ,  man ?	1
now i’m dromio and no longer attached to him .	1
it doesn’t seem right or suitable to my position to be a witness (which i will be if i stay) ,  against the moor .	1
good morrow ,  brother bedford .	1
take it back .	1
the what ?	1
i wouldn’t have them see you here for the world.	1
he speaks freely ,  madam .	1
if get the opportunity ,  i will find where truth is hidden ,  though it were hidden indeed within the centre of the man .	1
please ,  if you hate me ,  kill me now while your purpled hands smeared with fresh blood .	1
what would you with me ,  honest neighbor ?	1
naught’s had ,  all’s spent ,  where our desire is got without content .	1
truly, a peck of provender; i could munch your good dry oats.	1
it’s not because i don’t love you .	1
a thin face ,  which you don’t have; a sleepless ,  sunken eye ,  which you don’t have; an irritable temper ,  which you don’t have; a neglected beard ,  which you don’t have—but that might not be so telling ,  since you don’t have much beard anyway .	1
if i live to see you married ,  i have my wish .	1
that upsets me much more than getting wet .	1
if you hadn’t been their father ,  your white hair would have inspired in them only compassion .	1
at my lodging .	1
the boy was the very staff of my age ,  my very prop .	1
confess yourself to heaven, repent what's past, avoid what is to come, and don’t spread fertilizer on the weeds, to make them more rotten.	1
and for mine own part ,  i durst not laugh for fear of opening my lips and receiving the bad air .	1
mighty duke ,  look here and see a man who’s been treated most terribly !	1
so shall you quietly enjoy your hope and marry sweet bianca with consent .	1
what's the matter ?	1
kneel down to the duke before he passes by the abbey .	1
if you’ve got tears ,  get ready to shed them now .	1
yes ,  damn it ,  it was ,  and he pushed it aside three times ,  every time more gently than the last ,  and at each pushing aside ,  my honest neighbors shouted .	1
that high all - seer which i dallied with hath turned my feignèd prayer on my head and given in earnest what i begged in jest .	1
let me help you up .	1
three months from twelve; then let me see the rate .	1
i see ,  sir ,  you have found the goldsmith now .	1
it is now high sup -  pertime ,  and the night grows to waste .	1
save thee ,  curan .	1
why ,  it stood by her .	1
it is my will; the which if thou respect, show a fair presence and put off these frowns, an ill-beseeming semblance for a feast.	1
no ,  but the barber’s man hath been seen with him ,  and the old ornament of his cheek hath already stuffed tennis balls .	1
get going!	1
it is a quick lie, sir, it will go away again from me to you.	1
hasn’t he, gentlemen?	1
hold him in safety until the prince arrives .	1
what is thy name ?	1
tybalt’s death was woe enough ,  if it had ended there .	1
who are all these people ?	1
take thy forfeiture.	1
then will i lay the serving-creature's dagger on your pate.	1
ask me not what i know .	1
ay ,  sir; that soaks up the king's countenance ,  his rewards ,  his authorities .	1
my father is not dead ,  for all your saying .	1
what ,  can the devil speak the truth ?	1
there it goes ,  silver !	1
you have no stomach ,  signior .	1
himself in person there ?	1
yes, truly, so humbled that he has left part of his grief with me to suffer with him.	1
octavius ,  lead your battle quietly on ,  on the left hand of the even field .	1
very vilely in the morning, when he is sober; and most vilely in the afternoon, when he is drunk: when he is best, he is a little worse than a man; and when he is worst, he is little better than a beast: and the worst fall that ever fell, i hope i shall make shift to go without him.	1
if it prove lawful prize ,  he’s made for ever .	1
why then, god's soldier be he!	1
it is not so express'd ,  but what of that ?	1
you would lift the moon out of her sphere if she would continue in it five weeks without changing .	1
anon !	1
but	1
but ,  like a sickness ,  did i loathe this food; but ,  as in health ,  come to my natural taste ,  now i do wish it ,  love it ,  long for it ,  and will for evermore be true to it .	1
he’s very handsome and speaks well ,  but he’s very young .	1
that’s my good son .	1
why ,  worthy thane ,  you do unbend your noble strength ,  to think so brainsickly of things .	1
young boy ,  i wish i could make you believe that i’m in love .	1
we'll start rumors that praise your excellence and exaggerate the fame the frenchman gave you, bring you together in the end, and place bets on your fight.	1
how is it with her?	1
drinks .	1
come ,  seek the conspirators .	1
but thinking this way is not the way to choose a husband for me .	1
richmond is sailing on the sea .	1
coward ,  why don’t you come ?	1
death ,  that hath suck'd the honey of thy breath ,  hath had no power yet upon thy beauty .	1
an egyptian gave that handkerchief to my mother; she cast charms and could almost read the thoughts of people .	1
go to ,  say you nothing .	1
you should have a guard nearby if he comes in here ,  because he’s clearly disturbed .	1
i like doing things the old - fashioned way .	1
o lamentable day !	1
it was he that made the overture of thy treasons to us ,  who is too good to pity thee .	1
plague on ’t ,  an i thought he had been valiant and so cunning in fence ,  i’d have seen him damned ere i’d have challenged him .	1
send me away .	1
says the fiend; away !	1
observe her; stand close.	1
o ,  what learning is !	1
wear both the ring and my heart ,  because both are yours .	1
i' faith ,  he’ll have a lusty widow now that shall be wooed and wedded in a day .	1
thy master is a wise and valiant roman .	1
who comes so fast in silence of the night ?	1
both which ,  master constable— you have .	1
she that makes dainty and shy, she, i'll swear has corns!	1
if i can fasten but one cup upon him, with that which he hath drunk tonight already, he'll be as full of quarrel and offense as my young mistress' dog.	1
i think the best grace of wit will shortly turn into silence ,  and discourse grow commendable in none only but parrots .	1
my life for yours.	1
an inviting eye, and still i think it is properly modest.	1
come .	1
well, we shall see your bearing.	1
if i prove her unfaithful, although that her leashes were my dear heartstrings, i'd suddenly go away, and let her follow the wind to plunder fortune.	1
what news do you bring ?	1
the abuse of greatness is when it disjoins remorse from power ,  and ,  to speak truth of caesar ,  i have not known when his affections sway'd more than his reason .	1
now, may good digestion follow your appetites, and health on both!	1
where america ,  the indies ?	1
if i come back from the battlefield again to kiss those lips ,  i’ll be covered in blood .	1
indeed, upon my sword, indeed.	1
let me endure your wrath, if't be not so.	1
what ,  are you a pagan ?	1
go ,  sir andrew .	1
leave me ,  iago .	1
who is your lord?	1
and still i wish but for the thing that i already have .	1
didst thou not hear their shouts?	1
i'll send to one in mantua, where that same banish'd runagate doth live, shall give him such an unaccustom'd dram that he shall soon keep tybalt company; and then i hope thou wilt be satisfied.	1
approach the chamber, and destroy your sight with a new gorgon.	1
do you know the boy who was just speaking to me ?	1
hero ,  the daughter and heir of leonato .	1
now let’s have a catch .	1
if you “re” us and “fa” us, you note us.	1
and how does your happiness advance your own good fortune ?	1
from the time i was seventeen ,  over sixty years ago ,  i have lived in this house ,  but now i will live here no more .	1
the count himself here hard by woos her .	1
i was hurt under your arm .	1
what’s the matter here ?	1
i have heard her swear ’t .	1
then forth ,  dear countrymen .	1
this hard work would be boring and nasty to me ,  but i’m working for a mistress who makes me enjoy my labor .	1
anything your highness suffered in that disguise ,  i beg you to see it as your own fault and not mine ,  because if you’d been what i took you for ,  there would have been no offense .	1
they will ,  nerissa ,  but we’ll be disguised as men .	1
i do the wrong ,  and first begin to brawl .	1
is it e'en so?	1
dear celia ,  i show more mirth than i am mistress of ,  and would you yet i were merrier ?	1
would she had never given you leave to come !	1
i die an innocent death .	1
honest ,  my lord !	1
no .	1
i would gladly forget it ,  but ,  o ,  it presses into my memory like damned guilty deeds press into sinners' minds .	1
no ?	1
please ,  somebody ,  get us out of here !	1
he'll watch the clock all night if drink doesn’t rock his cradle.	1
normally i would ask you what your name is first .	1
nay, good goose, bite not!	1
dear friends ,  let’s go to bed .	1
i would give all my glory for a mug of ale and safety .	1
no ?	1
come ,  we'll go in here ,  wait for the mourners ,  and stay for dinner .	1
he goes forth to war bravely .	1
oh ,  it is my love .	1
it’s hamlet's handwriting .	1
this hebrew will turn christian; he grows kind.	1
but ,  wait ,  take this garland for your head .	1
choose your revenge yourself .	1
briefly ,  i live by the capitol .	1
she was too fond of her most filthy bargain .	1
i have watched two nights with you, but i can perceive no truth in your report.	1
oh ,  my lord ,  you once said that lazy weeds grow fast .	1
do i have the asp’s poison on my lips ?	1
look to your wife; observe her well with cassio; wear your eye thus ,  not jealous nor secure .	1
i like him not, nor stands it safe with us to let his madness range.	1
how answer you that?	1
i am about it; but indeed my invention comes from my pate as birdlime does from frieze; it plucks out brains and all .	1
how shall we spend the lazy time ,  if not with some delight ?	1
where hast thou been ,  sister ?	1
marry ,  before he fell down ,  when he perceived the common herd was glad he refused the crown ,  he plucked me ope his doublet and offered them his throat to cut .	1
or shall i think she's enclosed in the walls of this silver one ,  being worth ten times less than traditional gold ?	1
o!	1
a victory in battle is twice as victorious when all the soldiers return home safely .	1
benedick’s heart is like a bell ,  with his tongue as the clapper: everything his heart thinks ,  his tongue speaks .	1
this honest creature undoubtedly sees and knows more, much more, than he reveals.	1
our worser thoughts heavens mend .	1
how now ,  shylock ?	1
i had as lief be a brownist as a politician .	1
that you have wrong'd me doth appear in this: you have condemn'd and noted lucius pella for taking bribes here of the sardians ,  wherein my letters ,  praying on his side ,  because i knew the man ,  were slighted off .	1
it might ,  my lord .	1
push home .	1
hast thou no letters to me from the friar?	1
i was talking to some venetians down by the shore ,  and the fool showed up .	1
it were not for your quiet nor your good ,  nor for my manhood ,  honesty ,  or wisdom ,  to let you know my thoughts .	1
some people say that the earth shook as if it had a fever .	1
this [aside] why speaks my father so urgently ?	1
this looks not like a nuptial .	1
so perfect and so peerless ,  are created out of every creature's best virtues .	1
that’s the truth .	1
you old traitor ,  repent all your sins .	1
nor from mine own weak merits will i draw the smallest fear or doubt of her revolt; for she had eyes and chose me.	1
o heavy deed!	1
go out and feel what the impoverished feel .	1
out ,  you green sickness ,  carrion !	1
you did.	1
do you see this sweet sight ?	1
if i could win a lady at leapfrog or by vaulting into my saddle with my armor on my back ,  under the correction of bragging be it spoken ,  i should quickly leap into a wife .	1
not her that chides ,  sir ,  at any hand ,  i pray .	1
and yet complainest thou of obstruction ?	1
but is this law?	1
come what come may ,  time and the hour runs through the roughest day .	1
come with me ,  boy .	1
do you see that cloud over there that's almost in shape of a camel ?	1
besides ,  they’re fresh .	1
lies about me in the throat as deep as the lungs ?	1
exit romeo.	1
hold your desperate hand.	1
it makes us or it ruins us; think on that ,  and make your resolution very firm .	1
i have an interest in your hate's proceeding, my blood for your rude brawls lies there bleeding; but i'll punish you with so strong a fine that you shall all repent my loss.	1
so doth the woodbine the sweet honeysuckle gently entwist; the female ivy so enrings the barky fingers of the elm .	1
all i can hope for now is a share of the feast .	1
music such as charmeth sleep !	1
is your master coming?	1
to show our simple skill ,  that is the true beginning of our end .	1
i have not dined today .	1
tis strange that they should so depart from home ,  and not send back my messenger .	1
i see this hath a little dashed your spirits .	1
o ,  that a man might know the end of this day's business ere it come !	1
oh ,  make an end of what i have begun !	1
thy letters have transported me beyond this ignorant present ,  and i feel now the future in the instant .	1
i’ll find your servant ,  and he’ll update you now and then on your case as it stands here .	1
i think that on a night like this ,  when the wind blew the trees so gently that they didn’t make a sound ,   on a night like this ,   on a night like this ,   on a night like this ,	1
in the meantime ,  i’ll raise an army that will surpass his .	1
when she was a little chatterbox, o, there's a nobleman in town, one paris, that would gladly like her attention; but she, good soul, would rather see a toad, a very toad, than to see him.	1
they’ll set their watches to whatever time we say .	1
i am not i if there be such an  or those eyes shut that makes thee answer  “ ay .  ”  if he be slain ,  say  “ ay ,  ”  or if not ,   “ no .  ”  brief sounds determine of my weal or woe .	1
look ,  whether he has not turned his colour ,  and has tears in's eyes .	1
the grave where she’s buried, that is also her womb, and, from her womb, we find children of diverse kinds when we are sucking on her natural bosom; many plants are excellent for many virtues, some have none, others have some, but are all different.	1
exchange forgiveness with me ,  noble hamlet .	1
clever lies .	1
o that she knew she were!	1
just you wait .	1
how many, do you guess?	1
was he not here ?	1
can i go forward when my heart is here ?	1
it’s not possible .	1
where is lucentio ?	1
is not tomorrow ,  boy ,  the ides of march ?	1
until now ,  no one could say that only one man mattered in all of vast rome .	1
at mine own house ,  good lady .	1
no ,  it is struck .	1
he’s dead .	1
at sea ,  i think .	1
what’s the matter ?	1
i am cinna the poet ,  i am cinna the poet .	1
yes ,  and paid me well for doing it .	1
by and by .	1
i leave him in your care—but oh ,  if only i were still in his favor i could arrange for better care for him .	1
the wide ocean doesn’t prevent them from coming to see her—they travel across it as if it were a little stream .	1
it is not so express'd, but what of that?	1
it is a good prophet that follows his own instructions; it’s easier for me to teach twenty people what was good to do than to be one of that twenty and follow my own teaching.	1
iago ,  look carefully about the town ,  and silence those whom this vile brawl has upset .	1
i protest i take these wise men that crow so at these set kind of fools no better than the fools' zanies .	1
now will i question cassio of bianca ,  a huswife that by selling her desires buys herself bread and clothes .	1
thou dost not mark me .	1
then here comes one with light to open the tomb, and, by-and-by, my master drew his sword on him; and then i ran away to call the guards.	1
i accept that offer happily ,  madam .	1
it seems that the sky would pour down stinking, boiling tar, except that the sea, mounting to the cloud’s cheek, puts the fire out.	1
shall we give o'er and drown ?	1
why doth the jew pause ?	1
cassio’s been wounded .	1
hold, my hand.	1
i’m not as happy as i seem .	1
turning th' accomplishment of many years into an hour - glass; for the which supply ,  admit me chorus to this history; who ,  prologue - like ,  your humble patience pray gently to hear ,  kindly to judge our play .	1
death has sucked the honey from your breath ,  but it has not yet ruined your beauty .	1
i gave my love a ring ,  and made him swear never to part with it ,  and here he stands ,  i would dare to swear for him that he would not leave it nor pluck it from his finger for all the wealth in the world .	1
go softly on.	1
that shall she .	1
call philostrate.	1
wilt thou be pleased to hearken once again to the suit i made to thee?	1
why ,  what’s tybalt’s story ?	1
that’s a scary thought!	1
do you know the way to dover ?	1
if thou beest prospero, give us particulars of thy preservation; how thou hast met us here, who three hours since were wrecked upon this shore; where i have lost— how sharp the point of this remembrance is!— my dear son ferdinand.	1
away !	1
confusion's cure lives not in these confusions.	1
retire thee; go where thou art billeted: away, i say.	1
o deadly sin!	1
i will see them .	1
now, looking at both sides, nature has made strange fellows in her time: some that will peep through their eyes forever, and laugh like parrots at a bag-piper, and the others of such sour disposition that they'll never smile although a wise old man swears that the joke is funny.	1
no more yet of this ,  for ‘tis a chronicle of day by day ,  not a relation for a breakfast ,  nor befitting this first meeting .	1
oh ,  that your frowns would teach my smiles such skill !	1
madman ,  thou errest .	1
ay, marry, i'll be gone about it straight.	1
where is he ?	1
wake up and see yourself.	1
my lord?	1
you barely have the heart to tell me ,  so you can’t possibly have the nerve to do it .	1
if you be pleased ,  retire into my cell and there repose .	1
for besides the good news ,  we are also celebrating his marriage .	1
oh ,  is that so ?	1
well ,  i'll point you in the right direction .	1
light ,  gentlemen ,  i’ll bind it with my shirt .	1
the queen, your mother, in most great affliction of spirit hath sent me to you.	1
oh ,  sir toby ,  stop !	1
you haven’t got dreams or fantasies which busy care draws in the brains of men.	1
look behind you ,  my lord .	1
make thee a fortune from me .	1
why are our bodies soft and weak and smooth ,  unapt to toil and trouble in the world ,  but that our soft conditions and our hearts should well agree with our external parts ?	1
be assured you may.	1
i do consent , — mark him down ,  antony .	1
if i could bid the fifth welcome with so good a heart as i can bid the other four farewell ,  i should be glad of his approach .	1
fled to england ?	1
in faith ,  you'll be sick tomorrow because you stayed up all night ,  supervising .	1
you would make a nasty suitor .	1
then murder 's out of tune ,  and sweet revenge grows harsh .	1
i tell thee, churlish priest, a ministering angel shall my sister be when thou liest howling.	1
even so ?	1
ha, ha, ha!	1
no, gentle romeo, we must have you dance.	1
with all my heart . —some three or four of you go give him courteous conduct to this place . — meantime the court shall hear bellario’s letter .	1
is the day so young ?	1
i know you’re the right person for this job .	1
i’ll tell you what to do .	1
if you were civil and knew courtesy ,  you would not do me thus much injury .	1
i’ve finished it for you ,  and it ends in  “ margaret .  ”  he’s turned your curse against you ,  margaret .	1
o ,  their bones ,  their bones !	1
didn’t i meet up with your allies ?	1
here’s some money for you .	1
goodbye .	1
hide ,  fox ,  and show all later .	1
good morrow ,  friends .	1
benedick and beatrice have been waging a war of wits between themselves .	1
his absence, sir, means he didn’t keep his promise.	1
go ,  coward as thou art .	1
or maybe there’s a chance he didn’t drown . —what do you think ,  sailors ?	1
my lord ,  what is your will ?	1
where art thou?	1
cowards die many times before their deaths; the valiant only taste of death once.	1
i’m a prince by birth ,  miranda—maybe even a king now; though i wish i weren’t—and normally i wouldn’t put up with carrying these logs any more than i’d let flies breed in my mouth .	1
if i do so, it will be of more price, being spoke behind your back, than to your face.	1
he ran this way, and leapt this orchard wall.	1
let it not ,  brutus .	1
are you a god ?	1
a fine woman !	1
when comes such another ?	1
you look tired .	1
thus ornament is but the guiled shore to a most dangerous sea; the beauteous scarf veiling an indian beauty; in a word ,  the seeming truth which cunning times put on to entrap the wisest .	1
the count’s messenger ,  cesario .	1
you'll ask me ,  why i rather choose to have a weight of carrion flesh ,  than to receive three thousand ducats: i'll not answer that: but ,  say ,  it is my humour .	1
my lord, this would not be believed in venice, though i should swear i saw't.	1
what?	1
we judge no less . —uncle of exeter ,  enlarge the man committed yesterday that railed against our person .	1
mean you his majesty?	1
and then throw the seeds in the sea ,  to make more islands grow .	1
how all the other passions fly to the air, as doubtful thoughts, and rash-embraced despair, and shuddering fear, and green-eyed jealousy!	1
stained with blood?	1
i’ve never heard such confused emotions as what that jew dog was shouting in the streets .	1
even if he only winks, i know what i have to do.	1
the gods do this to test my bravery .	1
my soul will keep yours company on the way to heaven .	1
truly, sir, to wear out their shoes, to get myself into more work.	1
a lover that kills himself most gallantly for love .	1
damn her, lewd cat!	1
was not that cassio parted from my wife?	1
of launcelot ,  an't please your mastership .	1
why does the jew wait ?	1
go to ,  carry this .	1
here come the lovers, full of joy and mirth.— joy, gentle friends!	1
farewell .	1
how did this trick come on him?	1
o ,  for two special reasons ,  which may to you ,  perhaps ,  seem a bit cowardly ,  but yet to me they are strong .	1
go blabber with your gossiping friends .	1
not this hour, lieutenant; it is not yet ten of the clock.	1
commend me to your daughter .	1
ready.	1
all torment ,  trouble ,  wonder ,  and amazement inhabits here .	1
this is venice; my house is not a farm.	1
o piteous spectacle !	1
if you really feel that way ,  then i hope you won’t kill me .	1
every one .	1
no one marries the second without killing the first love .	1
here ,  sir ,  as foolish as i was before .	1
o ,  this evil wind that spreads nothing but misery .	1
you are welcome.	1
thou rascal beadle ,  hold thy bloody hand .	1
i will grant you he is bloody, luxurious, avaricious, false, deceitful, sudden, malicious, smacking of every sin that has a name.	1
if i’m not dreaming ,  you are emilia .	1
i wish you had deserved less ,  then the greater proportion both of thanks and payment might have been my !	1
the glowworm shows the morning is near ,  and he begins to put out his ineffective fire .	1
ay, but, lady, that policy may either last so long, or feed upon such nice and waterish diet, or breed itself so out of circumstances, that i being absent and my place supplied, my general will forget my love and service.	1
lorenzo ,  and thy love .	1
friend launcelot ,  what’s the news ?	1
i don’t want her .	1
then let us say, you are sad, because you are not merry: and 'twere as easy for you to laugh, and leap, and say you are merry, because you are not sad.	1
please, tell me this; if he should break his promise, what should i gain by taking his forfeit?	1
unhappy that i am ,  i cannot heave my heart into my mouth .	1
i am afraid ,  standing in this night ,  that all this is only a dream ,  too promising and sweet to be real .	1
don’t worry about that .	1
how if your husband start some otherwhere ?	1
poor lady ,  she’ll go crazy when she sees it’s missing .	1
keep your promise ,  my love .	1
good norfolk ,  hie thee to thy charge .	1
and do but see his vice; 'tis to his virtue a just equinox, the one as long as the other.	1
and have not we affections, desires for sport, and frailty, as men have?	1
o my soul's joy !	1
and you ,  good yeoman ,  whose limbs were made in england ,  show us here the mettle of your pasture .	1
why ,  a bad action is just a wrong in this world ,  but when you’ve won the whole world ,  it’s a wrong in your own world ,  so you can make it right then .	1
i sincerely hope it does you good ,  mangy rascal .	1
who was it that came by ?	1
i have been talking with a suitor here ,  a man that languishes in your displeasure .	1
for all this same ,  i'll hide me hereabout .	1
that handkerchief which i so loved and gave you, you gave to cassio.	1
good morning ,  sir .	1
your crown burns my eyeballs .	1
forth ,  my sword; he dies .	1
don’t doubt it ,  cassio ,  that i will have my lord and you as friendly again as you were .	1
nobody .	1
whose house ?	1
get busy ,  go !	1
will you not tell me who told you so ?	1
no, not for all the world.	1
i see you all are bent to set against me for your entertainment.	1
remember you!	1
here was a caesar !	1
nobody; i myself .	1
o lord ,  i could have stayed here all the night to hear good counsel .	1
attack the breach in the city wall once more ,  dear friends ,  attack it once more—or else let’s close it up with english corpses .	1
besides ,  he brings his destiny with him .	1
an unauthorized kiss .	1
the gods do this in shame of cowardice.	1
yes ,  let the count take you in your bed .	1
i am tired .	1
there is a cliff ,  whose high and bending head looks fearfully in the confinèd deep .	1
benvolio ,  who began this bloody fray ?	1
and a good lady, and a wise and virtuous.	1
my young remembrance cannot parallel a fellow to it.	1
then the liars and swearers are fools, because there are liars and swearers enough to beat the honest men and hang up them.	1
you can’t blame anyone for it anyone ,  i say .	1
list ,  list ,  o ,  list !	1
how the man jowls it to the ground ,  as if it were cain's jawbone ,  that did the first murder !	1
i am amazed ,  and know not what to say .	1
all except the sailors jumped in the foaming ocean and abandoned ship, then i was all on fire: the king's son, ferdinand, with hair standing up straight —then like reeds, not hair— was the first man that jumped, crying “hell is empty, and all the devils are here.” why, that's my spirit!	1
beg another of thy daughters .	1
he is welcome too .	1
nay ,  by saint jamy ,  i hold you a penny ,  a horse and a man is more than one and yet not many .	1
if that’s what you say ,  go fight a duel with me and prove it .	1
but of that tomorrow ,  when therewithal we shall have cause of state craving us jointly .	1
your mother's poisoned.	1
i know this act shows horrible and grim .	1
for three months ,  well .	1
ever note, lucilius, when love begins to sicken and decay it useth an enforced ceremony.	1
and in this brainish apprehension kills the unseen good old man.	1
not proud you have, but thankful that you have.	1
let me enjoy my private .	1
our intention was to be gone from athens, and to get to a place where we might be together without the punishment of the athenian law.	1
if haply you my father do suspect an instrument of this your calling back ,  lay not your blame on me .	1
i know this act looks horrible and grim .	1
by this sword ,  i will .	1
but please don’t let any of your people wake me up .	1
how is't with you ,  my lord ?	1
and when i love thee not ,  chaos is come again .	1
goodbye .	1
it is well .	1
be it as you shall privately determine ,  either for her stay or going .	1
take up the body .	1
farewell ,  farewell .	1
oh ,  i see ,  you will only part with lightweight presents .	1
you cram these words into mine ears against the stomach of my sense.	1
aren’t you moved, when the entire earth is shaking uncontrollably?	1
i’m going to england .	1
it will be out ,  it will be out .	1
o julius caesar, you’re mighty yet!	1
gentlemen ,  i don’t know what you intend to do ,  who else you intend to kill ,  who else you consider corrupt .	1
o ,  touch me not .	1
hello ,  sir .	1
good troth ,  you do me wrong ,  good sooth ,  you do ,  in such disdainful manner me to woo .	1
well ,  give me the worst news .	1
i’m sorry i said anything .	1
and so ,  good capulet—which is a name i love like my own name—you should be satisfied with what i say .	1
how much does he owe the jew?	1
so go in peace .	1
a tailor make a man ?	1
the woman who might have blocked you from all the murders you’ve committed by strangling you in her cursed womb .	1
you’ll discover that his youthful follies were like the persona that  well ,  you’re wrong ,  my lord high constable .	1
they were planning to pull a mischievous trick on ferdinand and miranda ,  who have sworn not to sleep together till their wedding day .	1
and why are you here from wittenberg, horatio?	1
i’ve heard her say that .	1
truly ,  a peck of provender; i could munch your good dry oats .	1
exchange me for a goat, when i shall turn the business of my soul to such exsufflicate and blown surmises, matching thy inference.	1
come with me .	1
let merriman catch his breath—the poor dog’s foaming at the mouth .	1
i think we are too bold upon your rest .	1
a governor shines as brightly as a king until a king is near by ,  and the governor suddenly looks like a nobody .	1
now, mother, what's the matter?	1
strumpet ,  i come !	1
let’s go, and, with a clear eye, compare her face with some others that i shall show you, and i will make you think your swan is a crow.	1
ay ,  if you dare do yourself a profit and a right .	1
how now, general?	1
tell me how you have disposed of the king's ship, the sailors, and all the rest of the fleet?	1
how now!	1
o you othello ,  that was once so good ,  fallen in the plan of a damned slave ,  what shall be said to you ?	1
come on then; down, and swear.	1
swagger?	1
wake up all my servants!	1
oh ,  my lady ,  i’m ashamed to admit it .	1
let every eye nogetiate for itself and trust no agent ,  for beauty is a witch against whose charms faith melteth into blood .	1
tybalt is gone ,  and romeo banishèd .	1
my husband then?	1
it would have amazed you very much.	1
my thoughts were never on money .	1
you must contradict me !	1
goodbye .	1
i cannot go to ,  man ,  nor ’tis not very well .	1
you shall see it will fall pat as i told you; yonder she comes .	1
that dreamers often lie.	1
well ,  you know ,   “ some are born great ,  some achieve greatness ,  and some have greatness thrust upon them .  ”  anyway ,  i was part of the trick ,  sir .	1
now all the blessings of a glad father compass thee about!	1
confess yourself freely to her; importune her help to put you in your place again .	1
oh ,  yes ,  benedick has returned and is as cheerful as ever .	1
so were you .	1
yes.	1
a friendly eye could never see such faults.	1
and i his clerk; therefore be well advis'd how you do leave me to mine own protection .	1
fear not ,  my lord .	1
so shines a good deed in a naughty world.	1
i am myself indifferent honest, but yet i could accuse me of such things that it were better my mother had not borne me.	1
i have not art to reckon my groans ,  but that i love thee best ,  oh ,  most best ,  believe it .	1
i’d rather die in a ditch in egypt ,  and make it my gentle grave .	1
where are lysander and fair hermia?	1
such a kind father ! —are my horses ready ?	1
fair portia's counterfeit?	1
have we devils here?	1
and here i am ,  with that piece .	1
for your broken shin.	1
here, lord bassanio, swear to keep this ring.	1
i beg you, take your fingers from my throat, for, although i am not impatient and rash, i still have something dangerous in me, which you should fear.	1
he reads a lot; he’s a great observer, and actually he looks through the deeds of men.	1
or is it a fee - grief due to some single breast ?	1
here hung those lips that i have kissed i don’t know how many times .	1
if he steals anything the while this play is going on, and he escapes detection, i will pay for the theft.	1
what does the silver say ,  with her virgin color ?	1
they’re in the heat of passion; they simply have to be together .	1
yet i have known those which have walked in their sleep who have died holily in their beds .	1
o you invisible spirit of wine ,  if you don’t have a name to be known by ,  let’s call you devil !	1
listen!	1
damn it ,  shut your mouth .	1
your face, my thane, is as a book where men may read strange matters.	1
god's my life, stolen hence, and left me asleep!	1
i loved you ever .	1
o ,  vengeance !	1
they say there's only five on this island; we’re three of them; if the other two are brained like us ,  the state shakes .	1
for hecuba!	1
hence ,  horrible villain ,  or i’ll spurn thine eyes like balls before me !	1
who’s there ?	1
now am i dead ,  now am i fled; my soul is in the sky .	1
i warrant thee my man's as true as steel.	1
but like an unruly deer ,  he’s always trespassing past the park borders and straying away from home to feed in new pastures .	1
your husband.	1
no ,  please ,  speak seriously .	1
at that exact moment ,  titania woke up and immediately fell in love with him ,  an ass .	1
they shall ,  nerissa ,  but in such a habit that they shall think we are accomplishèd with that we lack .	1
but take a taste of my finding him ,  and relish it with good observance .	1
your words have moved me ,  and maybe it’ll do some good .	1
i long to know the truth hereof at large .	1
o, thou art wise; 'tis certain.	1
i cannot speak about this .	1
farewell ,  good signior love .	1
now he denies it faintly and laughs it out .	1
this man is that banished, arrogant montague that murdered my love's cousin, by which grief, it is supposed, the beautiful creature died, and he’s come here to desecrate the dead bodies.	1
he doesn’t dare come there for the candle ,  because you see ,  it’s already out .	1
liar and slave !	1
here is a place reserved ,  sir .	1
you are dromio ,  you are my servant ,  and you are yourself .	1
i will be deaf to pleading and excuses ,  nor shall tears or prayers buy your way out .	1
doesn’t it go well ?	1
i don’t know whether he fought on norway’s side ,  or if he secretly aided the rebels ,  or if he fought with both of our enemies .	1
ha !	1
can you not stay awhile ?	1
tis a wild night .	1
me neither .	1
my dear sir !	1
give me my mask .	1
i swear that gown’s for me .	1
what likelihood ?	1
this story breaks my heart .	1
what adam dost thou mean ?	1
i’ll take you to where he sleeps ,  and you can pound a nail into his head .	1
the raven himself is hoarse with croaking about the fatal entrance of duncan under my castle walls .	1
we shall obey, if she were ten times our mother.	1
god in heaven bless her !	1
no tongue ,  all eyes !	1
leave me and do the thing i bid thee do .	1
no ,  lady .	1
wash your hands ,  put on your nightgown; look not so pale .	1
look ,  here comes helena .	1
on ,  on ,  on ,  on ,  on !	1
i prithee ,  peace .	1
i’m so amazed by this ,  i don’t know what to say .	1
to do thus i learned of thee .	1
take him to my sleeping area .	1
drunk!	1
i am ready now .	1
to alonso] is not, sir, my doublet as fresh as the first day [to alonso] is not, sir, my i wore it?	1
why would you give birth to sinners?	1
you won’t see anything like that ,  sweetheart .	1
what warlike noise is this?	1
stand close and list him .	1
i thank you ,  even for that: so ,  please ,  lead me to the chests so i may try my luck .	1
here comes your father .	1
his name’s cinna .	1
still as the grave.	1
was he a gentleman ?	1
i’m not going to bed tonight .	1
twere to consider too curiously ,  to consider so .	1
unless your taunts can undo the signature on my contract ,  you’re just wearing out your lungs by speaking so loud .	1
none of us .	1
i know he loves me well .	1
if you offend him ,  i for him defy you .	1
crown him?— that.	1
i cry your worships mercy ,  heartily; i beseech your worship's name .	1
but what’s your trade?	1
who’s there ?	1
oh you damned villain !	1
help me hence ,  ho !	1
then be ’t so ,  my good lord . — how does the king ?	1
to tell the truth ,  though ,  i think the duke hasn’t lost a single man ,  except for one who will probably be executed for robbing a church ,  one bardolph—i don’t know if your majesty knows the man .	1
now ,  tell me—which of my bad qualities did you fall in love with first ?	1
look ,  where thy love comes .	1
what do you think will be the result of this storm ?	1
are they return'd ?	1
what is your name ?	1
tell the hot - headed duke that i… but no ,  not yet .	1
we’ll be ready when the time comes .	1
seyton, send out.	1
what kind of help ?	1
wilt thou let him ,  my lord ?	1
what's here?	1
but when we in our viciousness grow hard— oh ,  misery on ’t ! —the wise gods seel our eyes ,  in our own filth drop our clear judgments ,  make us adore our errors ,  laugh at ’s while we strut to our confusion .	1
well, let's go, and tell macbeth how much we did.	1
how do you ,  pretty lady ?	1
how?	1
you lie about her ,  and you are a devil .	1
mine ,  neither .	1
nevertheless ,  it’s all one—the two rivers are as alike as my fingers are to my fingers ,  and there are salmon in both .	1
is it possible?	1
a hearty laugh.	1
away!	1
my lord ,  as i was sewing in my chamber ,  lord hamlet ,  with his shirt all unbuttoned ,  no hat upon his head ,  his stockings dirty ,  not pulled up ,  and fallen down around his ankles ,  pale as his shirt ,  his knees knocking together ,  and with a look so pitiful in its meaning as if he had been freed out of hell to speak of horrors ,  he comes before me .	1
why ,  then may you leave a panel of the great chamber - window ,  where we play ,  open; and the moon may shine in at that panel .	1
good day to you ,  captain fluellen .	1
thou art sensible in nothing but blows ,  and so is an ass .	1
then was this island— save for the son that she did litter here ,  a freckled whelp ,  hag - born—not honoured with a human shape .	1
i know i will too ,  if it’s the last thing i do .	1
i’ll tell thee more of this another time .	1
are you going to join them ?	1
o ,  the pipes .	1
i regret all the boring time i wasted with her .	1
why ,  sir ,  cobble you .	1
don’t tire yourself out ,  monsieur .	1
go in; and tell my lady i am gone ,  having displeas'd my father ,  to laurence’ cell ,  to make confession and to be absolv'd .	1
my lord, i did, but it made me no answer.	1
and will you give me leave ?	1
where is my lady ?	1
i think i do .	1
these good fellows will bring you to where i am .	1
what have you done ?	1
this afternoon, sir?	1
but yet i’ll make assurance double sure ,  and take a bond of fate .	1
murder ,  indeed ,  should not be a church activity ,  because then revenge should have no bounds .	1
it wants to be spoken to.	1
tis a very excellent piece of work ,  madam lady .	1
it’s even stranger when an angel is so angry .	1
is he alone ?	1
why, sir, i’m a carpenter.	1
she is of so free ,  so kind ,  so apt ,  so blessed a disposition ,  she holds it a vice in her goodness not to do more than she is requested .	1
heavens keep him from these beasts!	1
and what’s the point ,  sir ?	1
the lady beatrice hath a quarrel to you .	1
o my son ,  what theme ?	1
but yet i run before my horse to market .	1
whip me, ye devils, from the possession of this heavenly sight!	1
we were somewhere where i couldn’t pick a fight with him ,  but i’ve decided to wear it in my cap until i see him again ,  whereupon i’ll give him a little piece of my mind .	1
keep my lover quiet .	1
where is your husband ?	1
it was as i have seen it in his life ,  a sable silvered .	1
to cut the default from that bankrupt there .	1
he’s as smart as they come ,  but just a jester .	1
watch her .	1
heaven will direct it .	1
speak, man.	1
yet you began rudely .	1
you rudely snuck out of bed .	1
lovely katherine ,  if you will love me well with your french heart ,  i’m happy to hear you confess it in broken english .	1
please have a seat .	1
listen ,  guildenstern ,  and you too ,  rosencrantz—listen as close as you can !	1
i did hear the galloping of horse .	1
i know my rights .	1
yes ,  hamlet .	1
i tell thee ,  i am as well in my wits as any man in illyria .	1
think upon vaughan ,  and with guilty fear let fall thy lance .	1
that is hot ice and wondrous strange snow .	1
no woman’s heart so big ,  to hold so much .	1
i’m happy about that .	1
i do desire it with all my heart ,  and i hope it is no dishonest desire to desire to be a woman of the world .	1
really, madam, i hear nothing.	1
good love ,  call him back .	1
that's horrible and shows very bad manners in the fool that uses it .	1
in respect that it is solitary ,  i like it very well; but in respect that it is private ,  it is a very vile life .	1
my good lysander !	1
this was well done ,  my bird .	1
let’s hear what he has to say .	1
i will read it .	1
give you good morrow ,  sir .	1
i will say for you.	1
i will ,  my lord .	1
what form ?	1
be wise ,  and get you home .	1
hold!	1
sir ,  i think i have the right to speak ,  and speak i certainly will .	1
he looks gentler than he did .	1
i never hated thee .	1
let me be cursed if i marry again!	1
these tidings would well comfort cassius .	1
if he is not born to be hanged, then our present state is pitiful.	1
well ,  let’s away and say how much is done .	1
most reverend signior ,  do you know my voice ?	1
seafaring men ,  sir .	1
your sister is the better soldier .	1
is it sport ?	1
you speak absolutely correctly ,  sir .	1
i will deny thee nothing !	1
corporal nym ,  be a man and put away your sword .	1
stir not until the signal.	1
in christening ,  shalt thou have two god - fathers; had i been judge ,  thou shouldst have had ten more ,  to bring thee to the gallows ,  not the font .	1
why are you wringing your hands ?	1
he's gone ,  he's kill'd ,  he's dead !	1
what then?	1
portia ,  what are you doing ?	1
stop eating ?	1
you speak like a green girl, ignorant in such dangerous circumstances.	1
the people in the street cry “romeo,” some “juliet,” and some “paris,” and all run with open outcries toward our tomb.	1
i’m going to make sure i stay on your good side ,  lady .	1
yet brutus says he was ambitious ,  and brutus is an honorable man .	1
content, in faith; i'll seal to such a bond, and say there is much kindness in the jew.	1
we will talk about this more of this tomorrow .	1
i'll bear him no more sticks ,  but follow thee ,  thou wondrous man .	1
how now !	1
a great disturbance in nature, to receive at once the benefit of sleep, and do things as if awake.	1
where art thou ,  keeper ?	1
well, we will leave you then till dinner-time.	1
do you hear ,  masters ?	1
the best news of all is that we’ve located our king and our men .	1
i didn’t think you would follow me .	1
he hath not yet made wan- ton the night with her, and she is sport for jove.	1
i say  “ silver sound ”  because musicians makes sounds for silver .	1
i’ll fight at sea .	1
i will be proud ,  i will read politic authors ,  i will baffle sir toby ,  i will wash off gross acquaintance ,  i will be point -  devise the very man .	1
you lie .	1
come back to my house with me .	1
but as ’tis, we cannot miss him: he does make our fire, fetch in our wood, and serves in offices that profit us.	1
why then ,  thus it is: you must prepare your bosom for his knife .	1
look you how pale he glares!	1
this hill is far enough.	1
i can no more.	1
murder !	1
listen a minute .	1
my arm is sore .	1
why the devil came you between us ?	1
you lie, malignant thing!	1
damn you!	1
she gave it him ,  and he hath given it his whore .	1
if you want to read it ,  as i haven’t heard it yet ,  though i’ve heard too much of phoebe’s cruelty .	1
you are—a senator .	1
the count will be here soon with music, because he said he would.	1
call forth my household servants .	1
what is the matter ?	1
why did you laugh then ,  when i said  “ man delights not me ”  ?	1
roderigo!	1
tis now near night .	1
a pox of drowning thyself !	1
o god ! —o nurse ,  how shall this be prevented ?	1
villain, thou diest!	1
why ,  thou silly gentleman !	1
soldiers ,  sir .	1
run one before and let the queen know of our gests .	1
had i it written, i would tear the word.	1
he was not born to shame .	1
give me up the truth .	1
to the health of our general !	1
no ,  faith ,  my lord .	1
good night, mother.	1
sir topas !	1
tell antony, brutus is taken.	1
we are resolved, my lord.	1
take whatever wife you want to bed with you ,  you’ll have a fool’s head forever .	1
doth not the day break here?	1
shall i hear more ,  or shall i speak at this ?	1
i owe you much ,  and ,  like a willful youth ,  that which i owe is lost .	1
i’m headed for your niece ,  sir .	1
i shall obey you in all fair commands .	1
go, farewell.	1
what can i do for you ,  madam ?	1
i know that virtue to be in you ,  brutus ,  as well as i do know your outward favor .	1
ere he take ship for france ,  and in southampton .	1
tell me where it is .	1
i would sing my song without a burden .	1
i wish the fool were dead and married to her grave !	1
were you dreaming, lucius, that you cried out like that?	1
i will hence to - night .	1
come ,  nerissa . —	1
lysander, if you live, good sir, awake.	1
i’ve spent most of my money ,  and tonight i got beaten up .	1
o, i’m killed!	1
he is dead and gone, lady, he is dead and gone, at his head a grass green turf, at his heels a stone.	1
true ,  madam; he ,  of all the men that ever my foolish eyes looked upon ,  was the best deserving a fair lady .	1
this might be my lord such-a- one, that praised my lord such-a-one's horse when he meant to beg it, might it not?	1
say ,  why is this ?	1
i believe drink gave thee the lie last night.	1
alas ,  alas !	1
thus the bowl should run ,  and not unluckily against the bias .	1
alack the day!	1
it’s almost morning ,  but i’m sure you’re not fully satisfied about what happened .	1
this fellow might be in's time a great buyer of land, with his statutes, his recognizances, his fines, his double vouchers, his recoveries.	1
even if marrying her meant i died .	1
put up thy sword, or manage it to part these men with me.	1
now ,  my co - mates and brothers in exile ,  hath not old custom made this life more sweet than that of painted pomp ?	1
come ,  warble ,  come .	1
the king has heard them ,  but as yet has made no answer .	1
i’ll do whatever the king wants .	1
madam ,  good night; i humbly thank your ladyship .	1
look, look!	1
by janus, i don’t think so.	1
therefore stay a bit longer, you don’t need to go.	1
but there are two more hard things, that is, to bring the moonlight into a chamber, because, as you know, pyramus and thisbe meet by moonlight.	1
i tell you ,  i’m as sane as any man in illyria .	1
i think i see my cousin's ghost looking for romeo who pierced his body with a sword's point.	1
is this true ?	1
save yourself, my lord.	1
and for the sake of them thou sorrowest for ,  do me the favour to dilate at full what hath befall'n of them and thee till now .	1
i'll go after that same villain ,  because he is a damned slave .	1
or i'll cry a match.	1
well ,  god give them wisdom that have it .	1
my soul is full of sorrow .	1
great happiness !	1
and you ,  the judges ,  watch carefully .	1
then i’ll be brief .	1
i wouldn’t even hear your enemy say so, and you shall not violently throw those words to my ear, to make my ear the keeper of your own report against yourself.	1
safe ,  antony ,  brutus is safe enough .	1
is he come home yet ?	1
i’ll entreat for thee .	1
and have you mercy too!	1
thieves !	1
we would so ,  and then go a - batfowling .	1
i think nobly of the soul ,  and no way approve his opinion .	1
who’s here ?	1
i jest to oberon ,  and make him smile ,  when i a fat and bean - fed horse beguile ,  neighing in likeness of a filly foal; and sometime lurk i in a gossip's bowl in very likeness of a roasted crab ,  and ,  when she drinks ,  against her lips i bob ,  and on her withered dewlap pour the ale .	1
what should i do ?	1
who here is so rude that they wouldn’t be a roman ?	1
let us die honorably .	1
save you ,  friend cassio !	1
we do not doubt it .	1
but of that tomorrow ,  when therewithal we shall have cause of state craving us jointly .	1
we shall lose our time ,  and all be turned to barnacles ,  or to apes with foreheads villanous low .	1
do i entice you ?	1
tell me ,  good brutus ,  can you see your face ?	1
call claudius and some others of my men; i'll have them sleep on cushions in my tent .	1
thieves !	1
if but as well i other accents borrow ,  that can my speech diffuse ,  my good intent may carry through itself to that full issue for which i razed my likeness .	1
who started it this time ?	1
yes ,  that the king is dead .	1
i fear no uncles dead .	1
we’re wandering in a maze .	1
so you shall; and where the offence is let the great axe fall .	1
we must be patient .	1
no, sir.	1
give your sorrow words .	1
ha !	1
for certain she is dead ,  and by strange manner .	1
my lord bassanio, since you have found antonio, we two will leave you; but at dinner-time, i pray you have in mind where we must meet.	1
but life itself ,  my wife ,  and the whole world aren’t more valuable to me than your life is .	1
your wife and children were savagely slaughtered .	1
take them in .	1
alas ,  my lord ,  your confidence is getting the better of your wisdom .	1
thou still hast been the father of good news.	1
i like the work well .	1
and your experience makes you sad .	1
if you go on thus ,  you will kill yourself ,  and ’tis not wisdom thus to second grief against yourself .	1
my lord, my lord!	1
tomorrow ,  and tomorrow ,  and tomorrow ,  creeps in this petty pace from day to day to the last syllable of recorded time ,  and all our yesterdays have lighted fools the way to dusty death .	1
if the world were mine ,  i’d give it all up—everything except demetrius—to be you .	1
it is the most impenetrable cur that ever kept with men .	1
goodbye .	1
sweet soul ,  take heed ,  take heed of perjury; thou are on thy deathbed .	1
isn’t he jealous ?	1
our foster nurse of nature is repose ,  the which he lacks—that to provoke in him are many simples operative ,  whose power will close the eye of anguish .	1
from top to toe ?	1
o cassio ,  cassio ,  cassio !	1
please avoid it .	1
you lie out on't ,  sir ,  and therefore 'tis not yours .	1
whenever you like .	1
too bad it’s spoiling our pleasure tonight .	1
let's take leave of him .	1
hence ,  bashful cunning !	1
i will.	1
o ,  cry your mercy ,  sir . —        tom’s a - cold .	1
they couldn’t ,  they wouldn’t .	1
well ,  sir ,  in brief ,  the gown is not for me .	1
you lying brat .	1
i think he will stand very strong with us.	1
pray heaven it is state matters, as you think, and no plot or no jealous reason concerning you.	1
if he do bleed ,  i’ll gild the faces of the grooms withal ,  for it must seem their guilt .	1
tybalt is gone ,  and romeo banished; romeo killed him; he is banished .	1
my lord !	1
fairy king ,  attend ,  and mark .	1
that which you are ,  my thoughts cannot transpose .	1
and then the moon ,  like to a silver bow new bent in heaven ,  shall behold the night of our solemnities .	1
well ,  i will thither .	1
despair thy charm ,  and let the angel whom thou still hast served tell thee ,  macduff was from his mother's womb untimely ripp'd .	1
signior, it is the moor.	1
what say you, hermia?	1
do you not jest ?	1
what would he do ,  had he the motive and the cue for passion that i have ?	1
security gives way to conspiracy .	1
so - so ”  is good ,  very good ,  very excellent good .	1
oh ,  he’s acting just like juliet ,  just like her .	1
thou marvell'st at my words ,  but hold thee still: things bad begun make strong themselves by ill .	1
yes ,  by saint patrick ,  but there is ,  horatio ,  and much offense too .	1
i’ll go my own way .	1
this is old ninny's tomb .	1
now is the time of help .	1
nothing, neither way.	1
is ink and paper ready ?	1
come ,  my spade !	1
and maybe a third ?	1
o, i am out of breath in this fond chase!	1
if not ,  why then this parting was well made .	1
soldiers, sir.	1
they bore him barefaced on the bier hey no nonny, nonny, hey nonny and on his grave rained many a tear.	1
o, by whom?	1
if you’re a member of a divine spiritual order of men who forgive sins ,  and you say you’re my friend ,  how do you have the heart to mangle me with the word banishment ?	1
and ,  when i do marry ,  i swear ,  it will be romeo ,  whom you know i hate ,  rather than paris .	1
the prince and monsieur love !	1
what’s the problem ,  that they cry out so loud ?	1
near birnam wood shall we well meet them; that way are they coming .	1
then must i think you would not have it so .	1
three civil brawls, bred of an airy word by thee, old capulet, and montague, have thrice disturb'd the quiet of our streets and made verona's ancient citizens cast by their grave beseeming ornaments to wield old partisans, in hands as old, canker’d with peace, to part your canker'd hate.	1
o damned iago !	1
what, are you hurt?	1
nay, i'll conjure too.	1
o good sir toby ,  hold !	1
give me thy hand, messala.	1
now, ere the sun advance his burning eye the day to cheer and night's dank dew to dry, i must up-fill this osier cage of ours with baleful weeds and precious-juiced flowers.	1
hold off thy hand .	1
i represent her .	1
safer than trust too far .	1
mark antony ,  here ,  take caesar's body .	1
what have you done ?	1
if he resists ,  subdue him at his peril .	1
will you dine with me tomorrow ?	1
if i owe you anything ,  i’ll pay you in clubbings .	1
gentle octavia ,  let your best love draw to that point which seeks best to preserve it .	1
where is he ?	1
art thou afeard ?	1
but who is this ?	1
take heed ,  sirrah—the whip .	1
you may leave .	1
come ,  come ,  you answer with an idle tongue .	1
now ,  i swear by apollo… by apollo ,  king ,  you’re taking the names of the gods in vain .	1
that he hath not .	1
o fool !	1
shall i deny you ?	1
demetrius is a worthy gentleman.	1
all traitors protest like this .	1
foul shame upon you ,  you have all moved mine .	1
thank you ,  sir .	1
what is ’t you seek ?	1
patience perhaps meeting with a willful temper makes my flesh tremble in their differences.	1
thou know’st the mask of night is on my face ,  else would a maiden blush bepaint my cheek for that which thou hast heard me speak tonight .	1
what say'st thou, my dear nurse?	1
go back to my sister’s .	1
it doesn’t matter .	1
your answer ,  sir ,  is enigmatical .	1
that a woman conceived me ,  i thank her .	1
your love says, like an honest gentleman, ”where is your mother?” o god's lady dear!	1
do you see something wrong with that ?	1
your grace ,  we think ,  should soonest know his mind .	1
will money buy ’em ?	1
what do you want ?	1
alack the day .	1
all three of them are desperate .	1
therefore do nimble - pinion'd doves draw love ,  and therefore hath the wind - swift cupid wings .	1
it is the best horse in europe .	1
your virtue is my privilege.	1
i will be on the right hand; you keep to the left .	1
what say you ?	1
this disease is beyond my practice.	1
and if anything important happens ,  find me and let me know .	1
flatterers ? —now ,  brutus ,  thank yourself .	1
yes ,  at philippi .	1
there is time enough .	1
fortinbras swore never to threaten denmark again .	1
she’s the worse for all this .	1
i do beg you, although i am, perhaps, vicious in my guess, as i confess it is a bad habit of mine to look deeply into wrongs, and to find faults that aren’t by my jealousy, that your wisdom still would take no notice from one that so imperfectly imagines things, or create a problem for yourself out of his scattered and unsure observations.	1
that by proscription and bills of outlawry octavius ,  antony ,  and lepidus have put to death an hundred senators .	1
i do not know from what part of the world i should be greeted ,  if not from lord hamlet .	1
you or any man living may be drunk at some time ,  man .	1
drowned !	1
if arguing makes us sweat ,  the proof of it will turn to redder drops .	1
my lady's dead!	1
in the most high and palmy state of rome ,  a little ere the mightiest julius fell ,  the graves stood tenantless and the sheeted dead did squeak and gibber in the roman streets as stars with trains of fire and dews of blood ,  disasters in the sun ,  and the moist star upon whose influence neptune’s empire stands was sick almost to doomsday with eclipse .	1
o loving hate !	1
good sir ,  be patient .	1
who bids thee call ?	1
welcome ,  my lord .	1
my dismal scene i needs must act alone .	1
because ,  before demetrius looked on hermia's eyes ,  he swore many oaths that he was only mine; and ,  when this torrent of oaths was rejected by hermia ,  demetrius dissolved ,  and his oaths melted too .	1
know him!	1
i dare, my lord, to bet that she is honest, burn me at the stake.	1
what is this ?	1
and yet i’ll still have plenty .	1
so will you say when you have seen the sequel .	1
then thou art damned .	1
if you be well pleas'd with this ,  and hold your fortune for your bliss ,  turn you where your lady is ,  and claim her with a loving kiss .	1
i ordered that the sleeves be cut out and sewed up again ,  and i’ll prove it in combat even if your little finger is armed with your thimble .	1
scornful lysander!	1
i can stand well enough ,  and i speak well enough .	1
oh ,  woe the day !	1
tell him his pranks have been too broad to bear with, and that your grace hath screen'd and stood between much heat and him.	1
what would you like me to do at salisbury ?	1
i want more uncles here to welcome me .	1
snout, the tinker!	1
hang her !	1
where’s seleucus ?	1
one side will mock another—th' other too .	1
after you .	1
hurry ,  go !	1
i do consent,— mark him down, antony.	1
god 'ild you for your last company .	1
let’s be disciplined and not delay ,  because tomorrow is a busy day .	1
be gone!	1
i have no idea ,  my lord .	1
what says he of our marriage?	1
then, brutus, i have much mistook your passion, by means whereof this breast of mine hath buried thoughts of great value, worthy cogitations.	1
give me a living reason why she's unfaithful.	1
but where was this ?	1
what is this news about ?	1
now would i give a thousand furlongs of sea for an acre of barren ground—long heath ,  brown furze ,  anything .	1
captain macmorris ,  i think ,  see—correct me if i’m wrong—there are not many of your nation— my nation ?	1
we’re talking here in a public place .	1
i’ll observe his looks, i’ll watch his every move.	1
did you just call me  “ beautiful ”  ?	1
fair sir ,  i pity her and wish ,  for her sake more than for mine own ,  my fortunes were more able to relieve her .	1
here is a mourning rome, a dangerous rome, a rome not safe for octavius yet; get going, and tell him so.	1
that ever holds .	1
you have seen the cruel proof of this man’s strength .	1
i think he only loves the world for him.	1
jailer ,  watch out for this one .	1
but there's no bottom, none, in my voluptuousness.	1
but, sir, take my advice.	1
no ,  it’s a story .	1
merciful heaven !	1
ho ,  awake !	1
we'll to church to-morrow.	1
fie on thee !	1
i hope all will be well .	1
i love not to see wretchedness o'er-charged, and duty in his service perishing.	1
what, can the devil speak true?	1
don’t follow me .	1
o cassius, you are yoked with a lamb, that carries anger as the flint bears fire, who, much enforced, shows a hasty spark and straight is cold again.	1
to get used to the life you’ll most likely be leading soon ,  get rid of your low - class trappings .	1
my dearest sister !	1
and so do i ,  my lord .	1
tell me but this ,  haven’t you sometimes seen a handkerchief spotted with strawberries in your wife's hand ?	1
trust me, i fear it has.	1
yes—as you and the rest will find out as soon as he’s home .	1
yes ,  like your horse ,  who ,  staggering under your boasts ,  would trot more easily if some of them dismounted .	1
nothing, my lord.	1
if it pleases your majesty ,  let his neck pay the price ,  if there is any martial law in the world .	1
rather on nilus’ mud lay me stark naked and let the waterflies blow me into abhorring .	1
alas ,  my lord ,  what may you mean by that ?	1
now i will believe that there are unicorns ,  that in arabia there is one tree ,  the phoenix’ throne ,  one phoenix at this hour reigning there .	1
to make me blessed or cursed among men!	1
romeo is coming .	1
i come to answer your best requests; is it to fly ,  to swim ,  to dive into the fire ,  to ride on the curled clouds; give ariel and all his quality your strong requests .	1
this choice was as foolish as they are .	1
o perjured woman !	1
you call it my  “  don’t you know ?	1
romeo cries aloud ,   ” stop ,  friends !	1
is thy name william ?	1
what's your gracious pleasure ?	1
if you tell your lady i’m here to speak with her ,  and bring her out with you when you come back ,  you might make me more generous .	1
don’t learn from him ,  emilia ,  although he is your husband .	1
o fates !	1
the fearful passage of their death - marked love and the continuance of their parents' rage ,  which ,  but their children’s end ,  naught could remove ,  is now the two hours' traffic of our stage— the which ,  if you with patient ears attend ,  what here shall miss ,  our toil shall strive to mend .	1
i’m hoping my holy mood will pass .	1
all which the moor is defective in .	1
good pilgrim ,  you wrong your hand too much ,  which is showing devotion and good manners in this touch; for saints have hands that pilgrims' hands touch ,  and putting a palm to another palm is a holy pilgrim's kiss .	1
listen to my excuse .	1
but now they rise from the dead with twenty fatal head wounds and push us off our stools .	1
he found it then; i never gave it him.	1
honest !	1
he hath commission from thy wife and me to hang cordelia in the prison and to lay the blame upon her own despair ,  that she fordid herself .	1
here he comes .	1
yes ,  amen !	1
this just may cheer me up .	1
opportunity’s knocking for you ,  and in my imagination i see a crown dropping onto your head .	1
yet, by your gracious patience, i will a round unvarnish'd tale deliver of my whole course of love: what drugs, what charms, what conjuration, and what mighty magic for such proceeding i am charged withal i won his daughter.	1
no one will get food poisoning ,  sir; i'll watch to see if they lick their fingers .	1
you haven’t got it in you to frown or look displeased or bite your lip as angry women do .	1
what’s wrong ?	1
if i do find him fit, i'll move your suit, and seek to effect it to my uttermost.	1
but if thou diest before i come ,  thou art a mocker of my labor .	1
alack ,  ’tis he .	1
so are the prince and claudio ,  who accused her upon the error that you heard debated .	1
give me your hand .	1
stay then; i'll go alone.	1
i cannot speak to her ,  yet she urged conference .	1
those that hobgoblin call you, and sweet puck, you do their work, and they shall have good luck.	1
the love that follows us sometimes is our trouble, which are still grateful for as love.	1
i will chop her into messes !	1
who did strike out the light?	1
they’re such oversexed gluttons that i feel like we’re living in a pub or a whorehouse rather than a respectable palace .	1
courage .	1
defend yourself !	1
why then ,  we are awake .	1
go then, for 'tis in vain ‘to seek him here that means not to be found.	1
i’ll be at thy elbow .	1
his kiss is as holy as bread blessed by a priest .	1
the police are here .	1
that useless old man still thinks he can wield all the powers he’s given away .	1
why, anything; an honorable murderer, if you will, for nought did i in hate, but all in honor.	1
what lawful quest have given their verdict up unto the frowning judge ?	1
thou dost, and think'st it much to tread the ooze of the salt deep, to run upon the sharp wind of the north, to do me business in the veins o'th’ earth when it is baked with frost.	1
what wound ever healed except bit by bit ?	1
pish for thee ,  iceland dog ,  thou prick - eared cur of iceland !	1
impudent prostitute!	1
have you forgotten her?	1
and how is she doing ?	1
for no man ,  sir .	1
mine would ,  sir ,  if i were human .	1
it persuades you and discourages you .	1
there is nothing distinctive ,  nothing remarkable left in the world .	1
what is the reason for this terrible summons?	1
before i hear him ,  i want to decide some important issues that are on my mind concerning my throne and france .	1
you all do know this mantle .	1
here comes the lady; let her witness it.	1
i will follow you .	1
such welcome and unwelcome things at once ’tis hard to reconcile.	1
to repay her for her troubles ,  death gives her undying fame .	1
the laws are mine ,  not thine .	1
could not this make thee know the hate i bear thee made me leave thee so ?	1
that way the noise is.	1
didst thou dream ,  lucius ,  that thou so criedst out ?	1
oh ,  they take the part of a better wrestler than myself .	1
go ,  sirrah ,  take them to the buttery and give them friendly welcome every one .	1
you cram these words into mine ears against the stomach of my sense .	1
the mayor is here at hand .	1
the single and peculiar life is bound, with all the strength and amour of the mind, to keep itself from madness, but much more so for that spirit on whose government the lives of many depend and rest.	1
but i won’t sleep till i get back .	1
their unfortunate deaths put an end to their parents' feud .	1
with this, i leave — that, as i killed my best friend for the good of rome, i have the same dagger for myself, to be used when it shall please my country to need my death.	1
o blessed ,  blessed night !	1
farewell to you both .	1
worthy gentleman!	1
there is a play tonight before the king .	1
you must be patient a while.	1
by a name i know not how to tell thee who i am.	1
as caesar loved me, i weep for him; as he was fortunate, i rejoice at it; as he was valiant, i honor him; but as he was ambitious, i slew him.	1
that, methinks, is strange.	1
bad luck, bad luck?	1
i accept it freely ,  and will play this brother's wager honestly .	1
is it a free visit?	1
that is done ,  sir .	1
talk you of young master launcelot ?	1
that’s how flimsy and unreal pleasure is .	1
this shall label our purpose as necessary and not jealous ,  which appearing to be respectful to common eyes ,  we shall be called purgers ,  not murderers .	1
march on ,  march on ,  since we are up in arms ,  if not to fight with foreign enemies ,  yet to beat down these rebels here at home .	1
amen !	1
the honor is sacred which he talks on now ,  supposing that i lacked it . —but ,  on ,  caesar .	1
ophelia ,  you walk here .	1
was a man ever beaten as much as me ?	1
bandage my wounds !	1
o spartan dog ,  more fell than anguish ,  hunger ,  or the sea !	1
but not the woman who scolds ,  anyway ,  i hope .	1
i fear we shall out - sleep the coming morn ,  as much as we this night have overwatch'd .	1
tis but a peevish boy—yet he talks well— but what care i for words ?	1
tis since the nuptial of lucentio, come pentecost as quickly as it will, some five-and-twenty years, and then we mask'd.	1
with god as my witness ,  i swear i have wept for yours .	1
sound, music.	1
i think withal there would be hands uplifted in my right; and here from gracious england have i offer of goodly thousands.	1
didn’t i tell you to meet me outside and bring these morons with you ?	1
there are still some streaks of day in the west.	1
he want to know if will play with laertes now, or whether you will take a longer time.	1
where is that damnèd villain ,  tranio ,  that faced and braved me in this matter so ?	1
thou hast wronged caius ligarius .	1
the brain may come up with laws to control society ,  but one hot temper jumps over a cold law; madness the youth is just such a jumper ,  skipping over the nets of good advice the cripple .	1
trebonius wants you to read this humble suit at your leisure.	1
to be now a sensible man ,  by and by a fool ,  and presently a beast !	1
who’s that at the gate ,  uncle ?	1
i shall do so; but i must also feel it as a man.	1
why ,  lady !	1
lead’s too crass to hold her .	1
for lead ?	1
trinculo, if you trouble him any more in his tale, by this hand, i will displace some of your teeth.	1
help ,  ho !	1
come ,  a passionate speech .	1
sir, i will walk here in the hall.	1
these are nothing but jealous lies .	1
what a man ! —especially compared to my husband .	1
fare you well ,  my liege .	1
move these eyes ?	1
i’ll leave you now.	1
o heavenly powers, restore him!	1
but god forbid he says no to us !	1
when you are gentle ,  you shall have one ,  too ,  and not till then .	1
the poor world is almost six thousand years old ,  and in all this time there was not any man died in his own person ,  videlicet ,  in a love cause .	1
she whom i love now doth grace for grace and love for love allow .	1
let me weep for feeling such a loss.	1
it’s the blessed sun .	1
marry, now i can tell!	1
i did nothing.	1
who's there ,  in the name of the devil ?	1
let them marry your children !	1
to have no hope that he is drowned is another way to have such a high hope ,  that even ambition can’t see beyond it ,  but defies belief .	1
why ,  i am glad on't .	1
i had forgot the reward .	1
toward his own father who loves him so completely .	1
if he’s caught the benedick ,  he’ll lose all his money before he’s cured .	1
that’s what you’ll say once you’ve seen part two .	1
have a safe trip .	1
you shall not go out of your house today.	1
thou desirest me to stop in my tale against the hair.	1
i am your spaniel .	1
where is my love?	1
my eyesight has always been bad .	1
who chooseth me ,  shall get as much as he deserves .	1
hear me for my cause ,  and be silent ,  that you may hear .	1
fool !	1
i come to thee for charitable license ,  that we may wander o'er this bloody field to book our dead and then to bury them; to sort our nobles from our common men ,  for many of our princes—woe the while ! — lie drowned and soaked in mercenary blood .	1
oh ,  will it never be day ?	1
if i should report this now in naples, would they believe me?	1
nine or ten times i had thought to have stabbed him here under the ribs .	1
welcome ,  gentlemen !	1
who comes here ?	1
pray you, look in.	1
and there were drawn upon a heap a hundred ghastly women ,  transformèd with their fear ,  who swore they saw men all in fire walk up and down the streets .	1
strike, as thou didst at caesar, for i know, when thou didst hate him worst, thou lovedst him better than ever thou lovedst cassius.	1
alack ,  poor gentleman !	1
so i can eat lunch .	1
i think he bought his doublet in italy ,  his round hose in france ,  his bonnet in germany ,  and his behavior everywhere .	1
where shall we go?	1
the worm of conscience still begnaw thy soul .	1
no, i'll conjure him up too.	1
i may say “thrusting” it, for piercing steel and darts envenomed shall be as welcome to the ears of brutus as tidings of this sight.	1
that's the dog's name .	1
your voice shall be as strong as any man's in giving out the new honorable offices .	1
my lord ,  i’ll do it right away .	1
i’ll to dinner .	1
may we do so ?	1
as you shall prove us, praise us.	1
fare thee well, lord.	1
give you good night.	1
i will ,  sir .	1
ha ?	1
only hide yourself ,  and mark the sneers ,  the taunts ,  and outstanding scorns ,  that dwell in every region of his face ,  because i will make him tell the story as if it were new ,  about where ,  how ,  how often ,  how long ago ,  and when he has had ,  and is again to have ,  sex with your wife .	1
mark how he trembles in his ecstasy .	1
flat burglary as ever was committed .	1
do so ,  good messala .	1
look in the almanac .	1
oh ,  liars can look so honest !	1
i’m happiest of all that i’m yours now ,  my lord ,  my king ,  and you can guide me as you wish .	1
well ,  we were born to die .	1
oh ,  why do you reject him that loves you so ?	1
you cannot feed capons so .	1
do thou but close our hands with holy words, then love-devouring death do what he dare— it is enough i may but call her mine.	1
this wind you talk of blows us from ourselves.	1
by - and - by is easily said .	1
what think’st thou ,  will our friends prove all true ?	1
after so long grief ,  such nativity !	1
it is important that the moor should be more than reason; but if she is less than an honest woman ,  she is indeed more than i took her for .	1
the two of them were separated during the storm .	1
ay ,  while you live ,  draw your neck out of the collar .	1
what a wonderful time to be alive !	1
don’t miss our feast .	1
why ,  there ,  there ,  there ,  there !	1
you ,  constable ,  are to present the prince’s own person .	1
ay ,  biddy ,  come with me . —what ,  man !	1
his son was a minor only two years ago .	1
i must get his belongings ashore .	1
persist with desdemona well ,  and you are sure of it .	1
since my dear soul was mistress of her choice ,  and could of men distinguish her election ,  sh'hath seal'd thee for herself .	1
no ,  my good lord .	1
oh ,  a thousand thousand times—and then of so gentle a condition !	1
once at sardis and once last night ,  here in philippi fields .	1
and, sir, tonight, i do entreat that we may sup together.	1
think on lord hastings .	1
and if he advances unopposed ,  my lord ,  let us abandon france .	1
run ,  run ,  o ,  run !	1
bow, stubborn knees; and heart with strings of steel, be soft as sinews of the new-born babe!	1
a hit ,  a very palpable hit .	1
they that have done this deed are honorable.	1
the king comes here tonight.	1
so that in these ten thousand they have lost ,  there are but sixteen hundred mercenaries .	1
true ,  madam .	1
do thou meet me presently at the harbor .	1
give me my amour .	1
i never saw an action of such shame .	1
yes ,  i do .	1
thriftless ambition, that wilt ravin up thine own life's means!	1
then fall, caesar!	1
ay ,  and brought off the field .	1
but you won’t take his flesh if he can’t pay .	1
o wretched villain!	1
let it fly out .	1
then saw you not his face ?	1
lord mayor ,  the reason we have sent— look back !	1
no, he's a flower, i believe, a very flower.	1
i recognize his trumpet .	1
and yet i wish but for the thing i have .	1
good night.	1
o lamentable day !	1
can i have a word with you ?	1
woe, alas!	1
i wish i had been there.	1
as long as heaven and nature extend it .	1
it is a tale told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, signifying nothing.	1
let me shake your hand .	1
be ’t so .	1
i really do believe your highness; and did it to provide opportunity to these gentlemen ,  who have similar common sense and nimble lungs that they always use to laugh at nothing .	1
he did not call ,  he’s busy in the paper .	1
at thy request, monster, i will do reason, any reason.	1
i may dismiss this court by my power ,  unless bellario ,  a learned doctor ,  whom i have sent for to determine this ,  comes here today .	1
are you a married man or a bachelor ?	1
for the sake of your father’s memory ,  make peace .	1
ariel sings in gonzalo's ear] [ariel sings in gonzalo's ear] while you here do snoring lie, open-eyed conspiracy his time doth take.	1
horatio—or i do forget myself.	1
not now, sweet desdemona; some other time.	1
curse my heart, but i pity the man.	1
take note ,  take note ,  o world ,  to be direct and honest is not safe .	1
your lips are warm!	1
o ,  there be players that i have seen play ,  and heard others praise ,  and that highly ,  not to speak it profanely ,  that ,  neither having the accent of christians ,  nor the gait of christian ,  pagan ,  nor man ,  have so strutted and bellowed that i have thought some of nature's journeymen had made men ,  and not made them well ,  they imitated humanity so abominably .	1
in truth ,  i know it is a sin to be a mocker ,  but he ! —why ,  he hath a horse better than the neapolitan’s ,  a better bad habit of frowning than the count palatine .	1
look at it ,  horatio .	1
but repetition of what thou hast marred .	1
listen, listen, someone is knocking.	1
you are well fleshed .	1
i could do a great job with hercules ,  or any other part that requires ranting and raving .	1
so don’t think that i’m drunk .	1
bring ink and paper ,  charmian .	1
oh ,  it’s horrible ,  horrible ,  so horrible !	1
what from the cape can you discern at sea ?	1
these are gracious tears .	1
o iago, the pity of it, iago!	1
for brutus ,  as you know ,  was caesar’s angel .	1
refuse it not .	1
oh ,  i’d never be that cruel .	1
kind gentlemen ,  your pains are register'd where every day i turn the leaf to read them .	1
thy mother was a piece of virtue, and she said thou wast my daughter; and thy father was duke of milan, and his only heir and princess no worse issued.	1
it’s dark ,  like my shoe .	1
good morning ,  brutus; are we troubling you ?	1
nay ,  hear them ,  antony .	1
yes ,  one ,  and in this manner .	1
and you ,  go call my fool .	1
but where hast thou been ,  then ?	1
go lodge a complaint about this with the duke .	1
i was reminded of my son ,  even though i despised my son at that time .	1
what are they that do play it ?	1
the old rooster .	1
a contract of true love to celebrate; and some donation freely to estate on the blest lovers.	1
but hear me, countrymen; still hear me speak.	1
so the gods preserve thee !	1
had the gods taken pity on us ,  i wouldn’t be here calling them merciless .	1
my lord ,  i won’t .	1
iago ,  who started it  ?	1
could you not take some occasion without giving ?	1
these happy masks that kiss fair ladies' brows ,  being black ,  puts us in mind they hide the fair .	1
you speak all your part at once ,  cues ,  and all .	1
come now; what plays, what dances shall we have, to pass the three hours between our after-supper and bed-time?	1
at thy request ,  monster ,  i will do reason ,  any reason . — come on ,  trinculo ,  let us sing .	1
your father was always a holy man ,  and holy men have good ideas when they die; so the lottery that he has thought up in these three chests ,  made of gold ,  of silver ,  and of lead ,  by means of which whoever chooses the right chest chooses you ,  will ,  no doubt ,  never be chosen by the right man except the one you shall rightly love .	1
i evermore did love you, hermia, did ever keep your counsels, never wrong'd you; save that, in love unto demetrius, i told him of your stealth unto this wood.	1
a very pleasing night to honest men .	1
a noble prisoner !	1
i dare do all that may become a man; who dares do more is none.	1
we cannot get from him where the dead body is hidden ,  my lord .	1
it is the lark that sings so out of tune, straining harsh discords and unpleasing sharps.	1
do so .	1
he shall get his mind back there, or, if he doesn’t, it's no great problem there.	1
nothing at all; yet all that is i see .	1
run to your houses, fall on your knees, pray to the gods to stop the plague that must be the punishment for this ingratitude.	1
i thank you ,  sir john ,  with all my heart .	1
no, lay down and roar; because you have killed the sweetest innocent that ever lifted open eyes.	1
say ,  when ?	1
i saw you at count orsino’s recently .	1
how can that be, when the king himself says you will succeed him to the throne in denmark?	1
is fleance going with you?	1
oh ,  well - a - day ,  lady !	1
we’ll overreach the graybeard ,  gremio ,  the narrow - prying father ,  minola ,  the quaint musician ,  amorous litio ,  all for my master’s sake ,  lucentio .	1
therefore this project should have a plan b or c, that might hold if this first one failed.	1
royal seductress !	1
he has killed me, mother.	1
monday!	1
listen ,  listen !	1
you guide me on the way that i was going ,  and show me the instrument i was to use .	1
nay ,  then— well ,  well ,  th' event .	1
sir, here is newly come to court laertes; believe me, an absolute gentleman, full of most excellent differences, of very soft society and great showing.	1
so hurry up ,  because we have twenty miles to cover today .	1
here the painter plays the spider in her hair, and has woven a golden mesh to capture the hearts of men faster than gnats are caught in cobwebs: but her eyes!— how could he see to do them?	1
gentlemen, my master antonio is at his house, and desires to speak with you both.	1
i hear none, madam.	1
give me my long sword ,  ho !	1
i will chop her into pieces.	1
what eye but such an eye would spy out such a quarrel ?	1
enobarbus ,  welcome .	1
today the lords you talked of are beheaded .	1
if our father continues to use his authority as usual ,  then his recent abdication of the kingdom will just hurt us .	1
i myself .	1
to gonzalo] first, noble friend, [to gonzalo] first, noble friend, let me embrace thine age, whose honour cannot be measured or confined.	1
i don’t like games; i lack some part of that quick spirit that antony has .	1
come on ,  noble captain .	1
not a word from me .	1
the war’s over and the turks are drowned .	1
here ,  or at the capitol .	1
for that it is not night when i do see your face, therefore i think i am not in the night; nor doth this wood lack worlds of company, for you, in my respect, are all the world.	1
murder !	1
what devil was it that trick you like this with a blindfold?	1
good madam ,  what's the matter with my lord ?	1
read it instantly .	1
i prithee, be my god.	1
like this, sir: although this lord of weak memory, this man who shall be remembered little when he is buried, here has almost persuaded,— because he's a spirit of persuasion, only he professes to persuade,—the king’s son is alive, it is as impossible that he's not drowned as he who sleeps here swims.	1
i mean a husband .	1
affection is not rated from the heart .	1
my lord ,  it shall is done .	1
get lost ,  will you ?	1
your honor is most welcome.	1
lady ,  amen .	1
i sent dromio to you with money for bail ,  but i don’t think he brought it to you .	1
please ,  sir ,  have patience .	1
is it a free visitation ?	1
and ere i take this charm from of her sight— as i can take it with another herb— i’ll make her render up her page to me .	1
it must be by his death ,  and ,  for my part ,  i know no personal cause to spurn at him ,  but for the general .	1
have i thought long to see this morning's face, and doth it give me such a sight as this?	1
i’ll knock your teeth out ,  sir .	1
feed and sleep .	1
he doesn’t miss much.	1
the nephew to old norway, fortinbras.	1
she shall ,  lucentio .	1
he keeps tearing out his white hair ,  which the blindly raging winds catch up and blow away into nothingness .	1
you are welcome; take your place .	1
you know not what you do.	1
hum !	1
good evening ,  brother .	1
you were born from a woman .	1
on each side her stood pretty dimpled boys ,  like smiling cupids ,  with divers - colored fans ,  whose wind did seem to glow the delicate cheeks which they did cool ,  and what they undid did .	1
then, lord have mercy on me!	1
is he gone ?	1
start a fight ?	1
despair ,  and die !	1
donalbain .	1
let me know .	1
are you thinking about me ?	1
how is it with you?	1
the king won’t live ,  i hope .	1
what did you mean by giving me this handkerchief ?	1
i’ve rented land from you and your father for eighty years .	1
are you sebastian ?	1
love takes the meaning in love's conversation .	1
but gilded tombs contain worms .	1
what’s the matter ,  my love !	1
she had a song of “willow”; an old thing 'twas, but it express'd her fortune, and she died singing it.	1
what is the matter ?	1
and so will i.	1
i don’t like games; i lack some part of that quick spirit that antony has.	1
and my heart too.	1
sir ,  i’ll give you a whole history .	1
signior bassanio,— gratiano!	1
speak .	1
go with me to bless these two ,  that they may be prosperous ,  and honored in their children .	1
therefore ,  for fear of the worst ,  i pray thee ,  set a deep glass of rhenish wine on the contrary casket; for ,  if the devil be within and that temptation without ,  i know he will choose it .	1
my lord, for aught i know.	1
what havoc have you wreaked in this part of the forest ?	1
your lieutenant ,  cassio .	1
if ever thou wilt thrive ,  bury my body .	1
what wound did ever heal but by degrees?	1
how can it be ?	1
good master ,  take it not unkindly ,  pray ,  that i have been thus pleasant with you both .	1
how do you get along now?	1
who are you talking about ,  niece ?	1
well ,  juliet ,  i’ll sleep with you tonight .	1
well ,  we shall see your bearing .	1
seyton, send out.	1
makest thou this shame thy pastime ?	1
i’ll write him a taunting letter ,  and you can deliver it .	1
although i may not be as graceful as you, so hung upon with love, so fortunate, but most miserable most, to love and still be unloved?	1
she shall not .	1
listen to you !	1
i would be sorry ,  sir ,  but the fool should be as oft with your master as with my mistress: i think i saw your wisdom there .	1
it’s a villain and a bastard and a coward and a rascal .	1
dear my lord ,  be not familiar with her .	1
listen ,  can you hear me ?	1
the enemies of caesar shall say this: then ,  in a friend ,  it is cold modesty .	1
nor know i aught but that he’s well and will be shortly here .	1
how does he love me ?	1
i’ll lie down here and measure out my grave .	1
which ones are the malefactors ?	1
what ,  are there masques ?	1
there are the players.	1
i’ll only admit that you’re sane when you agree with pythagoras and hesitate to kill a bird because it might contain your grandmother’s soul .	1
o brave new world that has such people in it!	1
ha !	1
o cassio ,  whence came this ?	1
is your master coming ?	1
nonsense !	1
exit ariel] [exit ariel] awake ,  dear heart ,  awake !	1
that’s like hot ice and strange snow .	1
is she enclosed in silver ,  which is ten times less valuable than gold ?	1
i’ll moan very believably . —name the other actors . —but i’m really in the mood to play a tyrant .	1
look what i have.	1
their papers is more lawful .	1
my lord ,  whoever journeys to the prince ,  for god’s sake let not us two at home .	1
tubal, a wealthy hebrew of my tribe, will furnish me.	1
he doesn’t seem to be alive .	1
will you laugh me asleep, for i am very heavy?	1
piteous predicament !	1
definitely not .	1
no ,  my lord ,  not i .  alas ,  it is the baseness of thy fear that makes thee strangle thy propriety .	1
what ,  will the line stretch out to the crack of doom ?	1
yes, for a score of kingdoms you should wrangle, and i would call it fair play.	1
hide, fox, and show all later.	1
come here ,  man .	1
the thane of fife had a wife; where is she now?	1
it shall be said his judgment ruled our hands .	1
perchance till after theseus' wedding - day .	1
oh great ,  here come the capulets .	1
let me love him because he deserves it ,  and you can love him because i do .	1
we have sworn, my lord, already.	1
a man that all his life has founded his good fortunes on your love ,  shared dangers with you ,  the handkerchief !	1
is it possible?	1
doth he not mend ?	1
all of us have cause to wail the dimming of our shining star ,  but none can help our harms by wailing them . — madam ,  my mother ,  i do cry you mercy; i did not see your grace .	1
it is a high - wrought flood .	1
what victory does he bring home ?	1
tell your men as much .	1
it is merely a lust of the blood and a permission of the will .	1
what’s the news ?	1
oh ,  but there’s one more thing to tell you .	1
here ,  under leave of brutus and the rest— for brutus is an honorable man; so are they all ,  all honorable men— come i to speak in caesar’s funeral .	1
i followed you here in the chase ,  not like a hound that hunts ,  but like the hunted by the hound .	1
we see it and will say it .	1
here's to my love !	1
take thy forfeiture .	1
no, not till thursday.	1
but while i say one prayer!	1
being unprepared, our will became the servant to defect, which else should free have wrought.	1
he comes upon a wish .	1
we found him in the churchyard .	1
it’s best that he doesn’t speak harm about brutus here.	1
speak briefly ,  can you like paris' love ?	1
none but friends .	1
o lord ,  i could have stay'd here all the night to hear good counsel .	1
tell him there's a post come from my master ,  with his horn full of good news; my master will be here ere morning .	1
he’s as ugly in his manners as he is in appearance . — i will indeed .	1
this sight would make him do a desperate turn ,  yea ,  curse his better angel from his side and fall to reprobation .	1
why are you grown so rude ?	1
directly, i’m going to caesar's funeral.	1
take that ,  and that .	1
forgive me ,  cousin .	1
wear thou thy wrongs; the title is affeer'd.	1
i tried to play games with god ,  and he turned my fake prayer on my head ,  giving me for real what i’d asked for as a joke .	1
oh ho ,  is that what you’re getting at ?	1
custom hath made it in him a property of easiness.	1
come, sit down, every mother's son, and rehearse your parts.	1
i will not entertain so bad a thought.	1
too cruel any where .	1
oh ,  sir ,  someone would think i was a good fake .	1
caesar ,  thou art revenged ,  even with the sword that killed thee .	1
oh ,  stop ,  fool .	1
i wouldn’t have dared !	1
look—they’re crying .	1
but i have spoke with one that saw him die ,  who did report that very frankly he confess'd his treasons ,  implored your highness’ pardon ,  and set forth a deep repentance .	1
well ,  good for him !	1
if caesar had stabbed their mothers ,  they would have done the same thing .	1
if, after every storm such calms come, may the winds blow until they have awakened death!	1
most grave brabantio ,  in simple and pure soul i come to you .	1
how say you by that?	1
couch we a while and mark .	1
but what warmth is there in your affections towards any of these princes that have already come to try ?	1
with a needle and thread .	1
here comes brabantio and the valiant moor .	1
their names are pricked .	1
i’ll answer for you .	1
give them the swords ,  young osric .	1
no more be done .	1
if i prove her unfaithful ,  although that her leashes were my dear heartstrings ,  i'd suddenly go away ,  and let her follow the wind to plunder fortune .	1
things that are past are done ,  with me .	1
i could find in my heart to beat him— come ,  kiss .	1
will you hear me ,  roderigo ?	1
if there are any ,  speak ,  because i offended him .	1
the mind i think with and the courage i have shall never sag with doubt or shake with fear.	1
o, shut the door!	1
lorenzo certain ,  and my love indeed— for who love i so much ?	1
didst thou not see her paddle with the palm of his hand ?	1
spread the rumor abroad that anne ,  my wife ,  is very sick .	1
my liege ,  here is a villain and a traitor ,  that ,  look your grace ,  has struck the glove which your majesty is take out of the helmet of alençon .	1
if by your art ,  my dearest father ,  you have put the wild waters in this roar ,  allay them .	1
then, if we lose this battle, you’re contented to be led in triumph thorough the streets of rome?	1
keep an eye on him .	1
bear this body away ,  and wait for our instructions .	1
everything i am and everything i have now belongs to you .	1
you admit it ,  then ?	1
away ,  slight man !	1
what change is this, sweet love?	1
i curse her .	1
good sister ,  let us dine and never fret .	1
you say well.	1
for thou art as glorious to this night, being o'er my head, as is a winged messenger of heaven unto the white-upturned wond'ring eyes of mortals that fall back to gaze on him when he bestrides the lazy-pacing clouds and sails upon the bosom of the air.	1
the one the moor gave to desdemona ,  which you asked me to steal so many times .	1
here comes another of the tribe .	1
what, with a torch!	1
he was in bed with— with her ?	1
his ceremonies laid by ,  in his nakedness he appears but a man ,  and though his affections are higher mounted than ours ,  yet when they stoop ,  they stoop with the like wing .	1
oh ,  that most wicked fiend !	1
therefore be patient ,  take no note of him ,  it is my will .	1
as a friend or an enemy ?	1
and yet to win her ,  all the world to nothing !	1
let’s start .	1
what’s going on ?	1
looking at the guts of an offering, they couldn’t find a heart inside the beast.	1
o mischief strangely thwarting !	1
let your epilogue alone .	1
mercutio's relative ,  noble count paris !	1
and yet ,  words are a good thing when the man speaking them is pleasant to listen to .	1
poor and content is rich ,  and rich enough ,  but riches fineless is as poor as winter to him that ever fears he shall be poor .	1
to the mariners] play the i pray now ,  keep below .	1
charmian !	1
i am so .	1
if it be mine ,  keep it not from me .	1
nay, an there were two such, we should have none shortly, for one would kill the other.	1
no ,  before !	1
i’ll ask later; first let’s go in to dinner .	1
what was your dream ,  my lord ?	1
death and damnation!	1
excellent well .	1
thank god i’m not a woman and afflicted with all the giddiness that troubles that entire sex .	1
the thief gone with so much ,  and so much to find the thief; and no satisfaction ,  no revenge; or only bad luck stirring and sits on my shoulders; no sighs except the ones i’m breathing; no tears except the ones i’m shedding .	1
how long within this wood intend you stay ?	1
if you’re just insane ,  then get out of here .	1
come ,  go we to the king .	1
for i am sick when i do look on thee .	1
yet do i fear thy nature; it is too full o’ the milk of human kindness to catch the nearest way .	1
that great baby you see there is not yet out of his swaddling clouts.	1
take time to pause; and by the next new moon— the sealing-day betwixt my love and me for everlasting bond of fellowship,— upon that day either prepare to die for disobedience to your father's will, or else to wed demetrius, as he would, or on diana's altar to protest for aye austerity and single life.	1
if in naples i should report this now ,  would they believe me’ if i should say i saw such islanders ?	1
are your men searching for him ?	1
that cannot be; since i am still possess'd of those effects for which i did the murder— my crown ,  mine own ambition ,  and my queen .	1
speak ,  i am obliged to listen .	1
madam ,  with all my heart .	1
oh, father abraham, what are these christians, whose own hard dealings teach them to suspect the thoughts of others.	1
take me to the garden .	1
lord hamlet . — please let him be all right !	1
it’s been proven that lady hero is innocent ,  that the prince and claudio have been utterly deceived ,  and that don john—who has run away—is the source of all the trouble .	1
don’t pity me ,  but listen seriously to what i shall disclose to you .	1
yours ,  claudio ,  yours ,  i say .	1
what’s going on, wife!	1
it’s true ,  my lord .	1
i beg you all ,  stand up .	1
come, hamlet, come, and take this hand from me.	1
do you love me ,  master ?	1
you must contrary me!	1
who were you following with your sword ?	1
ok ,  i’ll say no more but to the problem .	1
if you were ever yourself ,  and this sadness was yours ,  you and your sadness were all for rosaline .	1
i am afeard ,  being in night ,  all this is but a dream ,  too flattering - sweet to be substantial .	1
it is not lost ,  but what and if it were ?	1
then murder’s out of tune ,  and sweet revenge grows harsh .	1
you ,  mistress ,  all this coil is 'long of you .	1
of these we told him, and there did seem in him a kind of joy to hear of it.	1
oh ,  he has given example for our flight most grossly by his own !	1
groan?!	1
you tremble and look pale .	1
even my hair revolts .	1
what’s this ?	1
within three hours juliet will wake up .	1
what, durst not tempt him?	1
all the diseases that the sun sucks up from bogs ,  swamps ,  flats ,  fall on prospero and make him a disease inch by inch !	1
by jupiter ,  this shall not be revoked .	1
sometimes she rides over a courtier’s lips ,  and he dreams of making money off of someone .	1
sovereign ,  here lies count paris slain ,  and romeo dead ,  and juliet ,  who was dead before ,  no warm and newly killed .	1
will you leave and hide?	1
her funeral rites have been as far enlarged as we can enlarge .	1
i do not think thou canst, for then thou wast not out three years old.	1
o, now forever farewell the tranquil mind!	1
i say you aren’t.	1
for se offendendo; it cannot be else .	1
while one with moderate haste might tell a hundred .	1
and i’ll be wise hereafter and seek for grace .	1
oh ,  that’s a brave man .	1
sorry ,  sir ?	1
all offices are open, and there is full liberty of feasting from this present hour of five until the clock rings eleven.	1
let me go with you .	1
faith, that he did—i know not what he did.	1
he's gone, but his wife's killed.	1
you’ve forgotten the will i told you of .	1
i’m yours forever .	1
i have been in similar a pickle since i saw you last that ,  i’m afraid ,  will never get out of my bones .	1
what committed ?	1
that defense thou hast ,  betake thee to ’t .	1
in god’s name ,  speak .	1
go home !	1
he that is yours, sweet lady.	1
this ,  decius brutus .	1
i doubt it is no other but the main: his father’s death and our o'erhasty marriage .	1
here they’ll be ,  man .	1
if then that friend demands why brutus rose against caesar ,  this is my answer , —not that i loved caesar less ,  but that i loved rome more .	1
no ,  not for venice .	1
will you be here when i return ?	1
and we’ll leave together ,  like friends .	1
don’t be afraid .	1
go now and ask where money can be found, and i will too, and i will not object to borrowing it on my account or in my name.	1
perpend.	1
i must fetch his necessaries ashore .	1
no ,  no ,  put your hat back on .	1
but if thou dost break her virgin knot before all sanctimonious ceremonies may with full and holy rite be ministered ,  no sweet aspersion shall the heavens let fall to make this contract grow ,  but barren hate ,  sour - eyed disdain ,  and discord shall bestrew the union of your bed with weeds so loathly that you shall hate it both .	1
oh ,  she is ten times more gentle than her father’s crabbed ,  and he’s composed of harshness .	1
the goodness of the night on you, friends!	1
come over here; i am here .	1
peaseblossom .	1
richard of york ,  how fares our loving brother ?	1
i’m not here .	1
better thou hadst not been born than not t' have pleased me better .	1
after you ,  my lords ?	1
i think he’ll carry this island home in his pocket and give it to his son like an apple .	1
good morrow ,  neighbor gremio . —god save you ,  gentlemen !	1
and in a p . s .	1
in sicyon .	1
tis well thou art not fish; if thou hadst, thou hadst been poor-john.	1
ay ,  by heaven ,  my lord .	1
a sail.	1
what ,  my lord ?	1
those are the raised father and his friends.	1
ay, mine own fortune in my misery.	1
o, i have bought the mansion of a love, but not possess'd it; and though i am sold, not yet enjoy'd.	1
you have all served me well ,  and kings are your peers .	1
look ,  i don’t love you ,  so stop following me around .	1
here comes a spirit of his, to torment me for bringing in wood too slowly.	1
a worthy pioneer!	1
if i were so easy to quarrel as you are ,  any man should buy the inherited estate of my life for an hour and a quarter .	1
thou hast most kindly hit it .	1
if you’d known how much that ring meant ,  how much the woman who gave it to you is worth ,  or how much your honor depended on your keeping the ring ,  you wouldn’t have let it go .	1
good morrow to you .	1
here is more of us!	1
it’s easy to err when left to our own devices ,  but criticism helps us to see our faults and correct them .	1
i reign in my resolution and begin to doubt the lie of the fiend that lies the same as telling the truth.	1
you’re a fool .	1
does the moon shine that night we play our play?	1
swear .	1
come in ,  who ever is out there !	1
if i speak like myself in this ,  let him be whipped that first finds it so .	1
what is this here?	1
wherefore ?	1
by the moon and stars !	1
but, othello, speak.	1
my daughter he hath wedded .	1
fair portia's counterfeit ?	1
but that i do not .	1
oh ,  blessed ,  blessed night !	1
i’ve stayed too long.	1
watch over signior leonato’s house; with the wedding being held there tomorrow ,  there’s a great to - do there tonight .	1
come ,  more ,  another stanzo .	1
what's here ?	1
he lets the bird hop a little from his hand and then yanks him back by a string .	1
he hath an argosy bound to tripolis ,  another to the indies .	1
i'll look to like ,  if looking liking move; but no more deep will i endart mine eye than your consent gives strength to make it fly .	1
i cannot believe that in her; she is full of very blessed qualities.	1
she hath prevented me .	1
very potent ,  grave ,  and reverend signiors ,  my very noble and approved good masters ,  that i have taken away this old man's daughter ,  is very true; true ,  i have married her .	1
no way but this ,  killing myself ,  to die on a kiss .	1
oh ,  no ,  good gentleman !	1
is this the poultice for my aching bones ?	1
why ,  this was modeled on a porridge bowl !	1
is he dead ?	1
sweet montague, be true.	1
away with him !	1
i was always plain with you ,  and so now i speak my agitation of the matter: therefore ,  be of good chee; for ,  truly ,  i think you are damned .	1
why ,  you will quarrel with a man that has a hair more or a hair less in his beard than you have .	1
his word is more miraculous than the magic harp .	1
i have heard him read many lectures against it ,  and i thank god i am not a woman ,  to be touched with so many giddy offenses as he hath generally taxed their whole sex withal .	1
i do entreat your grace to pardon me .	1
but what ,  is catesby gone ?	1
i’ll fight brutally .	1
oh ,  these flaws and starts ,  impostors to true fear ,  would well become a woman’s story at a winter’s fire ,  authorized by her grandam .	1
she's the worse for all this .	1
how many months do you want ?	1
she is so generous ,  kind ,  and ready to help that she thinks it’s wrong not to do everything she can ,  even more than she is asked to do .	1
well aimed of such a young one .	1
oh !	1
well, think of marriage now.	1
come ,  casca ,  you and i will yet ere day see brutus at his house .	1
i am ashamed i did yield to them .	1
the testament !	1
so ,  perhaps ,  did yours .	1
why ,  he had none .	1
then murder's out of tune, and sweet revenge grows harsh.	1
what is't ,  ophelia ,  he hath said to you ?	1
ready to go ,  but never to return .	1
and what a beard trimmed like the general’s or a rough uniform will do among foaming mugs and brains washed with ale ,  you wouldn’t believe .	1
yes ,  let’s go to sleep .	1
she’ll find out soon enough by one of our messengers how respectfully and kindly we plan to treat her .	1
were you dreaming ,  lucius ,  that you cried out like that ?	1
how do you, pretty lady?	1
as i am an honest man ,  he looks pale . —art thou sick ,  or angry ?	1
looks he as freshly as he did the day he wrestled ?	1
so litio’s out of the picture .	1
troth ,  my lord ,  i have played the part of lady fame .	1
for all the rest, let lion, moonshine, wall, and lovers twain, at large discourse while here they do remain.	1
my heart is wonderfully light since this same wayward girl is so reformed.	1
since she belongs to me ,  i may dispose of her ,  which shall be either to this gentleman or to her death ,  according to our law which is fit to these circumstances .	1
if we let crimes like this happen ,  slaves and heathens will be our rulers .	1
walk a little before me .	1
my lord .	1
there’s two or three of us have seen strange sights .	1
why did you so cry out ,  sirs ,  in your sleep ?	1
when our actions do not ,  our fears do make us traitors .	1
i’ll take no lesser name than that of  something that refers to my current state .	1
no, only in the sincerity of love and honest kindness.	1
fair love ,  you are exhausted with wandering in the forest .	1
my lord ,  i did ,  but answer made it none .	1
tis a quick lie ,  sir; 'twill away again from me to you .	1
base trojan ,  thou shalt die .	1
first ,  peter quince ,  tell us what the play is about ,  then read the names of the actors ,  and then shut up .	1
at supper !	1
is it fit, the three-fold world divided, he should stand one of the three to share it?	1
would i might never o’ertake pursued success ,  but i do feel ,  by the rebound of yours ,  a grief that smites my very heart at root .	1
you must therefore be content to slubber the gloss of your new fortunes with this more stubborn and boisterous expedition.	1
does it go against the main part of poland ,  sir ,  or for some frontier ?	1
my dear-lov'd cousin, and my dearer lord?	1
thou must be patient .	1
a substitute shines brightly as a king until a king be by ,  and then his state empties itself ,  as doth an inland brook into the main of waters .	1
my lady!	1
if cleopatra hears even a breath of this ,  she’ll die immediately .	1
he's for a jig or a tale of bawdry ,  or he sleeps .	1
did you hear this ,  gonzalo ?	1
yes, he is dead.	1
calphurnia !	1
please ,  uncle ,  let’s go in and ask your daughters to forgive you .	1
o hamlet, don’t say anything else.	1
ay ,  marry ,  is't; crowner's quest law .	1
o!	1
on thursday, it’ll be then.	1
but though my cates be mean ,  take them in good part .	1
and why should caesar be a tyrant then?	1
if you want to go to hell ,  there are better ways to do it than killing yourself .	1
all?	1
then learn this of me: to have is to have .	1
when you shall please to play the thieves for wives ,  i’ll watch as long for you then .	1
gentleness ,  go away to heaven ,  and fire - eyed fury be my guide now !	1
oh ,  lucilius !	1
what ladybird !	1
vile earth, to earth resign; end motion here, and thou and romeo press one heavy bier!	1
good my lord ,  be quiet .	1
between whom ?	1
must i watch you?	1
they know your grace hath cause and means and might; so hath your highness .	1
their sweet smells come from those little freckles .	1
it was about to say something when the rooster crowed .	1
one sees more devils than vast hell can hold; that is the madman .	1
why wither not the leaves that want their sap ?	1
trinculo ,  run into no further danger: interrupt the monster one word further ,  and ,  by this hand ,  i'll turn my mercy out o'doors and make a stockfish of thee .	1
hold, for your lives!	1
heaven knows i am .	1
no ,  come to my cabin .	1
i'll send a friar to mantua quickly, with my letters to romeo.	1
of one not easily jealous ,  but being wrought ,  perplexed in the extreme .	1
time, thou the flighty purpose never is o'ertook unless the deed go with it.	1
come ,  boy ,  with me .	1
your hands are quicker than mine for a fight; my legs are longer ,  though ,  to run away .	1
and what are you going to do after you’ve spent your money ?	1
oh ,  be sick ,  great greatness ,  and bid thy ceremony give thee cure !	1
give me your hand ,  mr .  mustardseed .	1
then ,  since the case so stands as now it doth ,  i think it best you married with the county .	1
we shall ,  my lord ,  perform what you command us .	1
so then ,  you must think that hairy men are honest and simpleminded .	1
farewell ! —god knows when we shall meet again .	1
where are all the rest ?	1
stop there ,  stop there !	1
truly ,  she must be given ,  or the marriage is not lawful .	1
did heaven look on ,  and would not take their part ?	1
how many then should cover that stand bare !	1
don’t i deserve more than this ?	1
she had a song of "willow," it was an old thing but it expressed her fortune, and she died singing it.	1
keep me in temper .	1
he does nothing but frown ,  as if he wants to say ,   “ if you don’t want me ,  i don’t care .  ”  he doesn’t even smile when he hears funny stories .	1
something’s wrong .	1
the pig or the mighty or the huge or the magnanimous—they all mean the same thing ,  with some variation .	1
and the boys are winning so far ?	1
what's hecuba to him ,  or he to hecuba ,  that he should weep for her ?	1
let him go ,  gertrude .	1
why do you keep these talents behind a curtain ?	1
this doth not so ,  for she divideth us .	1
what are you going to do ?	1
the enemy comes on in a show full of noble daring; their bloody sign of battle is hung out ,  and something has to be done immediately .	1
i should not urge thy duty past thy might; i know young bloods look for a time of rest.	1
and what's the news, good cousin lodovico?	1
i would have daffed all other respects and made her half myself .	1
under a compelling occasion ,  let women die .	1
o ,  let it not be so .	1
you all know this cloak .	1
in that and all things will we show our duty .	1
will it please you to see the epilogue, or to hear an italian country dance between two of our company?	1
the ocean, overpeering of his list, eats not the flats with more impetuous haste than young laertes, in a riotous head, o'erbears your offices.	1
if he come not, then the play is marred; it goes not forward, doth it?	1
that’ll happen soon enough .	1
i am sorry that i was wrong about him.	1
sailors ,  my lord ,  they say .	1
wife ,  we scarce thought us blest that god had lent us but this only child; but now i see this one is one too much ,  and that we have a curse in having her .	1
things for the cook, sir; but i don’t know what.	1
no more !	1
let not a traitor live!	1
oh ,  if it prove ,  tempests are kind and salt waves fresh in love !	1
hey ,  you !	1
but do not stain the even virtue of our enterprise ,  nor th' insuppressive mettle of our spirits ,  to think that or our cause or our performance did need an oath ,  when every drop of blood that every roman bears—and nobly bears— is guilty of a several bastardy if he do break the smallest particle of any promise that hath passed from him .	1
hey ,  bride !	1
that's my noble master!	1
i don’t want to go mad .	1
with a touch of green in it .	1
good day to you ,  sir .	1
she said she loved me for the dangers i’d survived ,  and i loved her for feeling such strong emotions about me .	1
shall i do such a deed ?	1
of the king’s ship ,  the mariners ,  say how thou hast disposed ,  and all the rest o' th' fleet .	1
thank you ,  tubal .	1
you are my guests .	1
i will get peter quince to write a ballad of this dream .	1
then ’tis most like the sovereignty will fall upon macbeth.	1
and that necklace around his neck is the very one he swore he didn’t have !	1
what should a man do but be merry ?	1
edmund is dead ,  my lord .	1
still harping on my daughter.	1
that’s a poor example .	1
speak .	1
if you stick us ,  don’t we bleed ?	1
how but well ,  sir ?	1
nay ,  i’ll ne'er believe a madman till i see his brains .	1
let’s see these pockets .	1
shall we part ,  sweet girl ?	1
i’ve never been taught how to make anything .	1
contagious infection of humanity ,  give me a chance to condemn you for the evils i know you’ve committed .	1
oh lord ,  who’s that crying ?	1
and ,  sister ,  as the winds give benefit and convoy is assistant ,  do not sleep ,  but let me hear from you .	1
we all stand up against the spirit of caesar, and, in the spirit of men, there is no blood.	1
the gods forbid !	1
where nothing, but who knows nothing, is once seen to smile, where sighs, and groans, and shrieks, that tear at the air, are made, not marked, where violent sorrow seems a modern ecstasy.	1
the woman falls; sure ,  he hath kill'd his wife .	1
didn’t i tell you she was innocent ?	1
soldiers, sir.	1
o lady ,  speak again !	1
i can’t watch any more .	1
are decius brutus and trebonius there?	1
silence ,  then !	1
prithee, listen well.	1
i can suck melancholy out of a song as a weasel sucks eggs .	1
prithee, dispatch.	1
all that is spoke is marred .	1
listen !	1
i have an interest in your hearts' proceeding .	1
let’s follow the old earl ,  and get that crazy tom to take him wherever he wants to go .	1
how tall is she ?	1
where are you running so fast ?	1
i brought news of juliet's death to my master, and then he came from mantua, by horse, to this same place, to this same tomb.	1
but that i love you best, o most best, believe it.	1
and yesterday the bird of night did sit even at noon - day upon the marketplace ,  hooting and shrieking .	1
his son is elder ,  sir; his son is thirty .	1
see you soon .	1
just opposite to what thou justly seem'st— a damned saint, an honourable villain!	1
close your curtain ,  love - performing night ,  so that rude eyes may look away ,  and romeo can leap to these arms ,  un - talked about and unseen .	1
he has always loved cordelia best ,  and his bad judgment in disowning her now is obvious .	1
oh ,  look ,  sir ,  look ,  sir !	1
the dauphin ,  whom we asked for reinforcements ,  sends back the answer that he’s not yet in a position to raise so great an army .	1
good luck ,  sir .	1
tell us about the letters that you got from france .	1
my lord of cambridge ,  and my kind lord of masham ,  and you ,  my gentle knight ,  give me your thoughts .	1
this imaginary suitor for katherina—i’d buy him the best horse in padua if he’d get here quickly ,  woo her ,  marry her ,  take her to bed ,  and rid the house of her .	1
say thou but ‘i , ’ and that bare vowel ‘i’ shall poison more than the death - darting eye of cockatrice .	1
what else do you see in the old ,  dark ,  bottomless pit of time ?	1
but were i brutus ,  and brutus antony ,  there were an antony would ruffle up your spirits and put a tongue in every wound of caesar that should move the stones of rome to rise and mutiny .	1
are you going to watch again tonight?	1
that we shall die ,  we know; 'tis but the time and drawing days out that men stand upon .	1
god protect you from them and from other false friends !	1
yet i suppose him virtuous ,  know him noble ,  of great estate ,  of fresh and stainless youth .	1
if she is ,  you can sue me for lying to you .	1
therefore i took your hands, but was indeed sway'd from the point by looking down on caesar.	1
tybalt, here slain, whom romeo's hand did slay.	1
thriftless ambition, that will plunder your own life's means!	1
oh ,  sweet england !	1
all school - days' friendship ,  childhood innocence ?	1
not?	1
let’s go find him and cheer him up .	1
a ring he hath of mine worth forty ducats ,  and for the same he promised me a chain .	1
he made this rope ladder to be a highway to my bed ,  but i am a virgin ,  and i will die a virgin and a widow .	1
as i was standing my watch upon the hill, i looked toward birnam, and in a minute, i thought, the wood began to move.	1
it is impossible you should see this ,  were they as prime as goats ,  as hot as monkeys ,  as salt as wolves in pride ,  and fools as gross as ignorance made drunk .	1
i think it was to see my mother's wedding.	1
but they are dead ,  and you killed them ,  you slave of the devil .	1
it blesses the one who gives it and the one who receives it .	1
what is going on between you?	1
now sit down ,  everybody ,  and rehearse your parts—pyramus ,  you start .	1
what ,  rome ?	1
no ,  with demetrius .	1
yes, cassius, and from henceforth, when you are overearnest with your brutus, he'll think your mother chides, and leave you so.	1
now does he feel his title hang loose about him, like a giant's robe upon a dwarfish thief.	1
hamlet return'd shall know you are come home.	1
what music?	1
go and commend me to my brother cassius .	1
stay, you imperfect speakers, tell me more.	1
come ,  then ,  and send his body to thasos .	1
i will meditate the while upon some horrid message for a challenge .	1
and so will i .	1
god’s bodkin ,  man ,  better .	1
i wish my eyes were	1
with cassio, mistress.	1
if it’s okay with you ,  you should not press your grievances any further ,  but realize that the current situation should be enough to reconcile you .	1
i wish i could live longer .	1
who’s that ?	1
you’re a king’s advisor .	1
let me be your servant .	1
i know him now.	1
then if he loses ,  it’ll be his swan song ,  music before the end .	1
i have thousands of logs to take away and pile up ,  on strict orders from him .	1
peace there!	1
all that glisters is not gold ,  often have you heard that told: many a man his life hath sold ,  but my outside to behold: gilded tombs do worms enfold .	1
but brutus says he was ambitious ,  and brutus is an honorable man .	1
you are completely wrong about this king .	1
hath she forsook so many noble matches ,  her father and her country and her friends ,  to be call'd whore ?	1
i know not ,  madam .	1
as thick as hail came post with post, and every one did bear thy praises in his kingdom's great defense, and pour'd them down before him.	1
look who’s here !	1
whilst you were here o'erwhelmed with your grief— a passion most unsuiting such a man— cassio came hither .	1
would i might but ever see that man !	1
woe ,  woe for england !	1
now here's another unhappy document ,  found in his pocket too; and this ,  it seems ,  that roderigo meant to have sent this damned villain; but that ,  very likely ,  iago in the meantime came in and satisfied him .	1
tis new to thee .	1
antonio will guarantee it ,  hmmm .	1
my lord?	1
what is that noise ?	1
my lord ,  i'll tell my lady you will come .	1
no ,  a flatterer wouldn’t ,  even if the faults were as huge as mount olympus .	1
hie therefore, robin, overcast the night; the starry welkin cover thou anon with drooping fog as black as acheron, and lead these testy rivals so astray as one come not within another's way.	1
how noble in reason !	1
go thou .	1
laertes, was your father dear to you?	1
i will not fight with you .	1
can we go ?	1
my lord!	1
o cassius, brutus gave the word too early, who, having some advantage on octavius, took it too eagerly.	1
let it go up to heaven .	1
my dukedom since you have given me again ,  i will requite you with as good a thing; at least bring forth a wonder to content ye as much as me my dukedom .	1
forever, and forever, goodbye, cassius!	1
he had his helmet visor up .	1
come talk to me about this .	1
i got it from him: pardon me ,  bassanio ,  because ,  by this ring ,  the doctor slept with me .	1
why ,  your lieutenant ,  cassio .	1
yes ,  sir ,  i have .	1
she says enough; yet she's a simple rabbit that cannot say as much .	1
you know that banquo and his son fleance are still alive .	1
ophelia ,  come here . —   i hear him coming .	1
how am i then a villain to counsel cassio to this parallel course ,  directly to his good ?	1
break an hour’s promise in love ?	1
you’ve never seen anything like it .	1
now am i dead, now am i fled; my soul is in the sky.	1
i hope he’s grown a lot since i last saw him .	1
here’s to caesar .	1
the thane of cawdor lives .	1
well ,  your imprisonment won’t last long .	1
come, let’s go to the king; our power is ready; the only thing is missing is our leaving.	1
what does he say of brutus ?	1
give me your hand .	1
hold your peace .	1
we see the ground whereon these woes do lie, but the true ground of all these piteous woes we cannot without circumstance descry.	1
either there is a civil strife in heaven ,  or else the world has been too impudent with the gods ,  incensing them to send destruction .	1
if a christian do not play the knave and get thee ,  i am much deceived .	1
had it th' ability of life to thank you .	1
now i have to go find some dewdrops and hang a pearl earring on every cowslip flower .	1
shall any other man be killed besides caesar ?	1
sir ,  i don’t have a promotion .	1
what, have you lost your wits?	1
and ,  to inure thyself to what thou art like to be ,  cast thy humble slough and appear fresh .	1
come on then ,  let's to bed .	1
thy lands and all things that thou dost call thine worth seizure ,  do we seize into our hands till thou canst quit thee by thy brother’s mouth of what we think against thee .	1
he was armed, you say?	1
woo’t weep ?	1
faith ,  here it is .	1
henceforth be never number'd among men !	1
o ,  the heavens !	1
thieves!	1
i hear him nearby .	1
step aside and hide yourself a little while, he will recover right away.	1
how if they will not ?	1
what can i do for you ?	1
when i was putting on the ceres show ,  i thought of reminding you about caliban ,  but i was afraid of upsetting you .	1
yes ,  and a nice one at that .	1
is decius brutus and trebonius there?	1
wait!	1
yes ,  they are .	1
no ,  not sure ones when we’re talking about something unsure .	1
you that choose not by the view ,  chance as fair ,  and choose as true !	1
in truth ,  i know it is a sin to be a mocker ,  but him !	1
most like a gentleman .	1
no.	1
emilia, run to the fortress, and tell my lord and lady what has happened.	1
now please ,  tell beatrice to come out .	1
i have no desire to go outside ,  yet something leads me there .	1
in terms of choice i am not solely led by nice direction of a maiden's eyes: besides, the lottery of my destiny bars me the right of voluntary choosing: but, if my father had not scanted me, and hedg'd me by his wit, to yield myself his wife, who wins me by that means i told you, yourself, renowned prince, then stood as fair as any comer i have look'd on yet, for my affection.	1
have you delivered to her our decree ?	1
my leg’s been cut in two .	1
why then ,  god’s soldier be he !	1
i have to admit that when i saw his suicide during rehearsal ,  i had tears in my eyes—but they were tears of laughter .	1
i remember one said there were no sal- lets in the lines to make the matter savoury, nor no mat- ter in the phrase that might indict the author of affecta- tion; but called it an honest method, as wholesome as sweet, and by very much more handsome than fine.	1
yes ,  the leader of the team; the one that gets you if you can’t pay a debt; the one who assumes people are always going to bed and says to them ,   “ have arrest .  ”  well ,  sir ,  stop your joking there .	1
my lord of warwick ,  a most corrupt treason—god be praised for it ! —has been discovered ,  as plain as any you’d hope to see on a summer’s day .	1
bear with me, good boy, i am much forgetful.	1
if you shall send them word you will not come ,  their minds may change .	1
wake up ,  sir ,  wake up .	1
tis a good silling ,  i warrant you ,  or i will change it .	1
this is a guy who’s been praised for his honest bluntness ,  and who now insolently pretends to be plainspoken and twists the natural meanings of words .	1
the gods reward your kindness !	1
this trick may chance to scathe you ,  i know what .	1
i must tell you everything .	1
oh ,  wait ,  sir .	1
there is but one hope in it that can do you any good; and that is but a kind of bastard hope neither .	1
mass ,  and well said .	1
why ?	1
farewell content !	1
perchance he will not mind me .	1
give him this money and these notes ,  reynaldo .	1
and i another so weary with disasters, tugg'd with fortune, that i would set my life on any chance, to mend it or be rid on ’t.	1
the same .	1
were such things here as we do speak about ?	1
i come to fetch you to the senate - house .	1
ha ,  ha ,  ha !	1
what sadness lengthens romeo's hours ?	1
your worship was wont to tell me, i could do nothing without bidding.	1
let me speak proudly: tell the constable we are but warriors for the working day; our gayness and our gilt are all besmirched with rainy marching in the painful field .	1
no, not charge interest; not, as you would say, directly charge interest; listen to what jacob did.	1
goodbye, brave moor; be kind to desdemona.	1
and in public too .	1
he made you to be a highway to my bed; but i, a maid, die a maiden and a widow.	1
how did you get this sober?	1
i can ,  at any unseasonable instant of the night ,  appoint her to look out at her lady’s chamber window .	1
o ,  now you weep and i can see that you feel the blow of pity .	1
they swore that you were well - nigh dead for me .	1
but for a fine ,  quaint ,  graceful ,  and excellent fashion ,  yours is worth ten on ’t .	1
madam ,  what should i do ?	1
won’t the dawn come from here ?	1
let me go .	1
that's not amiss; but yet keep time in all .	1
let them in.	1
i give him curses, but he gives me love.	1
gentlemen ,  can any of you tell me where i can find young romeo ?	1
what’s that ,  my lord ?	1
he is very changed.	1
not hermia but helena i love .	1
my royal lord, you do not give the cheer.	1
would you have the crown which you believe to be the ornament of life, and yet live like a coward in your own self-esteem, letting "i shouldn’t" wait for "i would," like the poor cat in the proverb?	1
no, i swear it as a man.	1
thyself do grace to them, and bring them in.	1
if he is too insistent ,  tell him that romance is like a dance: it has its own rhythm and timing .	1
here's cassio, hurt by villains.	1
o simple !	1
trinculo ,  run into no further danger: interrupt the monster one word more and ,  i swear ,  i'll turn you out of doors ,  and make a dried fish out of you .	1
the meat was well ,  if you were so contented .	1
i did nothing .	1
foul weather ?	1
none that i know will be; much that i fear may chance .	1
let them put fear in your heart .	1
go tread the path that thou shalt ne'er return .	1
malcolm !	1
i know this is a joyful trouble to you, it is still only one.	1
so let me hear what you have to say .	1
what ?	1
i am afraid this great lubber ,  the world ,  will prove a cockney .	1
i’ll do it .	1
how should they, when that wise men have no eyes?	1
never mind .	1
for the law of writ and the liberty, these are the only men.	1
your sister's drowned, laertes.	1
the rooster has already crowed twice .	1
there is one within ,  besides the things that we have heard and seen ,  recounts most horrid sights seen by the watch .	1
yes, my lord.	1
no ,  that you shall not till you take her hand before this friar and swear to marry her .	1
if you come to me after tomorrow and say ,   “ that’s my glove ,  ”  i swear by this hand ,  i will take it and give you a box on the ear .	1
it shall be done.	1
it’s caesar that you mean, isn’t it, cassius?	1
my lord— ay ,  what’s o'clock ?	1
fair princess ,  you’ve missed some good sport .	1
marry, that, i think, be young petruchio.	1
therefore this project should have a back or second, that might hold if this did blast in proof.	1
i marry her !	1
why, shall we turn to men?	1
i don’t have the position to speak knowingly of her; although i may fear, her will, rebelling against her better judgment, may decide to match you with her countrymen, and happily repent her ways.	1
of her society be not afraid .	1
saints do not move ,  though grant for prayers’ sake .	1
shall we to the court?	1
it means being faithful and ready to serve ,  just like i am for phoebe .	1
since the youth will not be entreated ,  his own peril on his forwardness .	1
i’ll take the queen into my custody .	1
i wish mine eyes would, with themselves, shut up my thoughts: i find they are inclined to do so.	1
indeed !	1
i have forgotten that name, and that name's pain.	1
then i’ll listen to her .	1
i hear him near .	1
i take this offer then , —pay the bond thrice and let the christian go .	1
it’s impossible .	1
but one ,  poor one ,  one poor and loving child ,  but one thing to rejoice and take comfort in ,  and cruel death has taken it from my sight !	1
it’s good you hunted for yourself ,  sir .	1
upon mine honour ,  sir ,  i heard a humming ,  and that a strange one too ,  which did awake me .	1
as much to him, otherwise his thanks is too much.	1
that a maiden’s heart hath burned ?	1
touch her soft mouth ,  and march .	1
my lord ,  i warrant you we will play our part as he shall think by our true diligence he is no less than what we say he is .	1
i am for you.	1
come ,  musicians ,  play .	1
ay, past all surgery.	1
i have rubb'd this young quat almost to the sense, and he grows angry.	1
if you do that ,  i’ll never respect you again .	1
be quiet ,  boy ,  or you’ll lose your mind .	1
i’m wide awake .	1
tell me .	1
now, sir, her father counts it dangerous that she do give her sorrow so much sway, and in his wisdom hastes our marriage to stop the inundation of her tears, which, too much minded by herself alone, may be put from her by society.	1
we will watch the execution .	1
tis caesar that you mean ,  is it not ,  cassius ?	1
give us kind keepers ,  heavens !	1
i’ll do everything i can for you ,  cassio .	1
yes ,  as sparrows eagles ,  or the hare the lion .	1
if we take away caesar’s support ,  he’ll have to come back down to earth; otherwise ,  he’ll fly too high and keep the rest of us in a state of fear and obedience .	1
give me a little breathing space ,  my lord ,  a little pause to think .	1
yes, madam, only to return again tonight.	1
madam ,  i’m a bit like you in that i can’t tolerate a tone of disapproval .	1
where is my page ? —go ,  villain ,  fetch a surgeon .	1
was my father a traitor, mother?	1
so a snowy dove trooping with crows shows as yonder lady over her fellows shows.	1
emilia ,  run to the fortress ,  and tell my lord and lady what has happened .	1
your highness told me i should post before .	1
will you sup with me tonight ,  casca ?	1
there is no vice so simple that it takes on some mark of virtue on outside.	1
what ,  are you crazy ?	1
your juliet is alive .	1
ay .	1
has he asked for me ?	1
be not afraid; she shall not harm thee, helena.	1
these are old wives’ tales to make fools laugh in the alehouse .	1
there’s some conceit or other likes him well when that he bids good morrow with such spirit .	1
dry sorrow drinks our blood.	1
tell me.	1
i will piece out the comfort with what addition i can .	1
that’s when you gave them the spanking paddle and pulled your pants down ,             please ,  uncle ,  hire a teacher who can teach your fool to lie .	1
i would gladly forget it, but, o, it presses into my memory like damned guilty deeds press into sinners' minds.	1
let thy blood and spirit embrace them .	1
tom will chase them off . —go away ,  you mongrels !	1
all this ?	1
by running away ?	1
no less ?	1
say the last word i spoke was  “ antony ,  ”  and please word it pathetically .	1
did he confess ?	1
o ,  well done !	1
i should be ridiculed if i were offended so easily—and laughed at even more for speaking of you disrespectfully ,  when i had no reason to speak of you at all .	1
i urged you further ,  then you scratched your head and too impatiently stamped with your foot .	1
thou shalt not from this grove till i torment thee for this injury . — my gentle puck ,  come hither .	1
in a minute !	1
when we see that our betters have the same problems we do ,  we can almost forget our own misery .	1
it fits, when such a villain is a guest.	1
as kill a king ?	1
proceed .	1
it’s obvious .	1
not i, my lord, by heaven.	1
i would i had thy inches .	1
trebonius doth desire you to o'er read ,  at your best leisure ,  this his humble suit .	1
that ’scuse serves many men to save their gifts .	1
here is more news.	1
tell me ,  good grandmother ,  is our father dead ?	1
god bless you ,  sir !	1
but macbeth is .	1
a drum ,  a drum !	1
nothing in his life became him like the leaving it; he died as one that had been studied in his death, to throw away the dearest thing he owed as ’twere a careless trifle.	1
by heaven ,  i saw my handkerchief in ’s hand .	1
for shame, for shame!	1
no ,  i don’t—except as a friend .	1
we might as well send orders to the whale to come ashore as try to restore order in soldiers carried away with their looting .	1
on thy life i charge thee ,  hold !	1
hard working men that work here in athens, who never worked in their minds until now, and now they have toiled their bad memories to do this play in honor of your wedding.	1
godspeed ,  fair helena !	1
o churl !	1
no, i assure you; the wall is down that parted their fathers.	1
you’ll be my role model .	1
romeo !	1
when the blood is made calm with playing, there should be something to fire it up again and to satisfy a fresh appetite, loveliness in favor; sympathy in years, manners, and beauties, all which the moor lacks.	1
oh ,  sweet mermaid ,  don’t command me to drown myself in the flood of your sister’s tears .	1
did it go to sleep it off?	1
it is here, hamlet.	1
what is't, ophelia, he hath said to you?	1
i was sure your lordship didn’t give it me.	1
i couldn’t deliver it ,  so here it is again ,  i couldn’t even get a messenger to bring it back to you ,  they were so afraid of getting infected with the plague .	1
thou troublest me; i am not in the vein .	1
o julius caesar ,  thou art mighty yet !	1
bring a conclusion ,  rather than need a spirit: appear ,  and quickly .	1
i know well where he is .	1
seyton !	1
for me ,  with sorrow i embrace my fortune .	1
you know that i used to believe in epicurus and his disregard for omens .	1
farewell ,  and thanks .	1
i can swim like a duck ,  i swear .	1
what company is this ?	1
how say you?	1
he’s close by ,  and pindarus has come to bring you greetings from his master .	1
signed ,  she who would be your servant ,      the fortunate unhappy .  ”  this is as clear as sunlight in an open field .	1
nurse ,  where's my daughter ?	1
i didn’t think i would ever fight pompey .	1
truly ,  sir ,  all that i live by is with the awl .	1
do all men kill the things they don’t love?	1
thou ,  it seems ,  that calls for company to countenance her .	1
and bad'st me bury love .	1
not in my house ,  lucentio ,  for you know pitchers have ears ,  and i have many servants .	1
what say you?	1
yes ,  indeed ,  and all the king’s men ,  the duke of milan and his fine son too .	1
nym ,  thou hast spoke the right .	1
domestic fury and fierce civil strife shall cumber all the parts of italy .	1
do you triumph?	1
my heart to her but as guest-wise so journ'd, and now to helen is it home return'd, there to remain.	1
goodbye !	1
thou hast ,  ventidius ,  that without the which a soldier and his sword grants scarce distinction .	1
has caesar gone to the capital yet ?	1
very well mended .	1
live you ?	1
good sentences, and well pronounced.	1
for me ,  that i may surely keep mine oath ,  i will be married to a wealthy widow ,  ere three days pass ,  which hath as long loved me as i have loved this proud disdainful haggard .	1
it is better with you out here than he inside the hall.	1
whoever he is that, in this disgusting event, has tricked your daughter of herself like this, and you of her, the bloody book of law you shall read yourself to the bitter letter of it as you see fit.	1
how now ?	1
it weeps ,  it bleeds ,  and each new day a gash is added to her wounds .	1
well, then, confess, and live.	1
goes the king hence today?	1
beshrew me ,  if i would do such a wrong for the whole world .	1
saint valentine’s day is past; do these forest - birds begin only now to make a couple ?	1
besides ,  he brings his fate with him .	1
i care not for good life .	1
heaven help him !	1
octavius ,  i have seen more days than you .	1
every offence is not a hate at first.	1
out of the moon, i assure you: i was the man in the moon, a long time ago.	1
we'll put on those shall praise your excellence and set a double varnish on the fame the frenchman gave you, bring you in fine together and wager on your heads.	1
what cannot be preserved when fortune takes it ,  patience makes a mockery of her injury .	1
have you not spoken to her since then ?	1
dearest olivia— what do you have to say for yourself ,  cesario ? —my lord ,  please— my lord wants to speak .	1
give us the place alone .	1
the source from which your royal blood comes has been stopped .	1
he so impressed me ,  that i ,  through lies and tricks ,  didn’t waste time in finding out what he did .	1
for what favor ?	1
news, lads!	1
the scripture says adam digged .	1
a crazy bastard .	1
i'll have the work ta'en out, and give't iago.	1
with him i sent the queen ,  my reason all the same ,  and they are ready tomorrow or at further space t' appear where you shall hold your session .	1
these griefs and losses have so bated me ,  that i shall hardly spare a pound of flesh tomorrow to my bloody creditor . — well ,  jailer ,  on . —pray god bassanio come to see me pay his debt ,  and then i care not .	1
i will, my lord.	1
you have a daughter named elizabeth ,  who is virtuous and beautiful ,  aristocratic and full of grace .	1
did this in caesar seem ambitious ?	1
have you your father's leave?	1
if such tricks as these strip you out of your lieutenantry ,  it had been better you had not kissed your three fingers so oft ,  which now again you are most apt to play the sir in .	1
have lost ,  and the indignity we have endured ,  for which he is too insignificant to sufficiently pay us back .	1
well ,  if he’s not rotten before he dies ,  as we have many small pox corpses nowadays that will scarce last beyond the wake ,  he will last you some eight years or nine years .	1
for standing up for this unpopular king .	1
good night ,  everyone .	1
come on .	1
let us hear ,  sweet bottom .	1
why then ,  ’tis good to be a post .	1
good duke ,  come receive your daughter .	1
o wall, full often hast thou heard my moans, for parting my fair pyramus and me!	1
some twenty of them fought in this black strife ,  and all those twenty could but kill one life .	1
i will be brief, for my short date of breath is not so long as is a tedious tale.	1
i am informed thoroughly of the cause .	1
is not the leaf turned down where i left reading ?	1
what’s up, roderigo!	1
what’s the matter ,  dear ?	1
more ,  more ,  please ,  more .	1
let me speak like yourself, and lay a sentence which, as a grise or step, may help these lovers into your favor.	1
i’ve relinquished my authority ,  so please—i’ll see you all before long .	1
the great fight of the sea and skies separated our fellowship.	1
quiet !	1
i’m going to take it from you now .	1
i thank you; and be blessed for your good comfort .	1
o caesar, read mine first, because mine's a suit that touches caesar nearer.	1
i rather choose to wrong the dead ,  to wrong myself and you ,  than i will wrong such honorable men .	1
don’t worry about me .	1
no ,  villain ,  but you didn’t work alone .	1
fortune is merry ,  and in this mood will give us any thing .	1
i’ll follow you and turn this hell i’m in into a kind of heaven .	1
kill men i' th' dark !	1
and before i remove this charm from her sight — because i have another herb that is the antidote — i'll make her give that boy to me.	1
i am in your debt for your last exercise .	1
we’re all waiting for the revenge !	1
if his fitness speaks, mine is ready; now or when- soever, provided i be so able as now.	1
please, let me look on the promise to pay.	1
he’s certainly crossed the river somme .	1
take my sword .	1
here’s one comes in his shirt ,  with light and weapons .	1
by heaven ,  i’ll make a ghost of him that lets me .	1
no, let's come in!	1
isn’t this stephano ,  my drunken butler ?	1
before we were even at sea for two days, a very nasty looking pirate chased us.	1
i haven’t done anything to you .	1
i think it is like a weasel .	1
i don’t think so .	1
no more words .	1
put this in any liquid thing you will and drink it off, and if you had the strength of twenty men, it would dispatch you straight.	1
why do the roses in your cheeks fade so fast ?	1
woe to the hand that shed this costly blood!	1
if we should fail?	1
burn !	1
nay ,  then .	1
what else ?	1
no ,  trust me ,  sir ,  nor i .  i am sure thou dost .	1
how hath your lordship brooked imprisonment ?	1
if good ,  thou shamest the music of sweet news by playing it to me with so sour a face .	1
gower is a good captain ,  and is good knowledge and literatured in the wars .	1
i’ll go on with my speech praising you ,  and then i’ll get to the point .	1
i haven’t spoken to him since i sent him away from the marketplace earlier .	1
what would you undertake to show yourself your father's son in deed more than in words ?	1
your tale ,  sir ,  would cure deafness .	1
aside] poor worm, thou art infected!	1
wasn’t he born from a woman ?	1
farewell .	1
i ask that none of you leave ,  except myself ,  until antony has finished .	1
fled to his house amazed .	1
have i done something to offend you without knowing it ?	1
my words are dull .	1
it’s still waving to me .	1
he might have treated me like that ,  because i’m as unused to abuse as a little child .	1
who does it ,  then ?	1
i hope now you aren’t drowned.	1
good.	1
signior antonio, many a time and oft, in the rialto you have rated me about my moneys, and my usances: still have i borne it with a patient shrug, for sufferance is the badge of all our tribe: you call me,—misbeliever, cut-throat dog, and spet upon my jewish gaberdine, and all for use of that which is mine own.	1
your reason ?	1
what concerns ourselves shall be the last thing considered .	1
when it is paid ,  bring your true friend along .	1
my plenteous joys, wanton in fullness, seek to hide themselves in drops of sorrow.	1
if it will please caesar to be so good to caesar as to hear me ,  i shall beseech him to befriend himself .	1
now ,  by my virginity at twelve years old ,  i told her to come .	1
take up those ropes .	1
take from them now the sense of reck'ning ere th' opposèd numbers pluck their hearts from them .	1
dwell i but in the suburbs of your good pleasure ?	1
that’s not necessary .	1
hamlet, you have offended your father very much.	1
i didn’t see you; welcome, gentle signior; we missed your advice and your help tonight.	1
sweet ,  say on .	1
i know thee well .	1
for so thou art .	1
therefore exhale .	1
ay, with cassio.	1
and so ,  adieu .	1
to be count malvolio !	1
if this which he avouches does appear ,  there is nor flying hence nor tarrying here .	1
how sweet it would be to actually have the woman i love ,  when merely thinking about love makes me so happy .	1
isn’t this stephano ,  my drunken butler ?	1
some  now listen ,  either give me my ring or give me the necklace .	1
yes ,  for three months .	1
come on ,  sweet audrey .	1
now ,  fellows ,  you are welcome .	1
i feel sicker and sicker .	1
haven’t those in charge of it returned yet?	1
i could interpret between you and your love ,  if i could see the puppets dallying .	1
i must talk a word with you .	1
most holy and religious fear it is to keep those many many bodies safe that live and feed upon your majesty.	1
yes ,  my lord .	1
with what addition?	1
good night .	1
we will go to the best marriage - bed ,  which shall be blessed by us; and the children created there shall forever be lucky and prosperous .	1
my brother’s love ,  the devil ,  and my own anger made me do it .	1
it starts ,   “ shut up .  ”  i’ll never be able to start if i shut up .	1
when she takes a sip ,  i bob up against her lips and make her spill the drink all over her withered old neck .	1
no ,  to my cabin .	1
look with thine ears .	1
my bounty is as boundless as the sea, my love as deep; the more i give to thee, the more i have, for both are infinite.	1
they only feel the shadow of joy .	1
you don’t need to be afraid ,  lady ,  of having any of these lords; they have told me their intentions ,  which is indeed to go back to their homes ,  and to trouble you with no more suits ,  unless you may be won by some other way than your father's command ,  that getting you depends on the chests .	1
talk no more .	1
i have lost the immortal part of myself, and what remains is beastly.	1
what is't thou canst demand?	1
as he was valiant ,  i honor him .	1
now quit you well . —             torches ,  torches !	1
now this is where you come in .	1
i have a beard coming .	1
casca will tell us what’s wrong.	1
in some bush ?	1
how now ,  my headstrong ?	1
i’ll return the favor .	1
with whom ?	1
it’s damnation to think such a low thought; it’s too gross even to be used as her shroud in the obscure grave.	1
wasn’t charles ,  the duke’s wrestler ,  here to speak with me ?	1
he sent me word if i said his beard was not cut well ,  he was in the mind it was .	1
she did compliment me on my yellow stockings recently ,  and she said she liked how the crisscross laces looked on my legs .	1
nay, guiltiness will speak, though tongues were out of use.	1
a fair woman !	1
i am sure the duke will never grant this forfeiture to hold .	1
it’s a good tragedy ,  very well done .	1
you pulled my sleeve; do you want to speak with me?	1
where is he gone?	1
friends ,  begone .	1
and i.	1
take thou that .	1
let's do it, i beg you, and i know exactly where we shall easily find him.	1
he had a thousand noses and twisted horns ,  like wave crests in a storm at sea .	1
and that were much he should, for he is given to sports, to wildness, and much company.	1
what a three times two ass i was, to take this drunkard for a god, and worship this dull fool!	1
speak ,  i charge you .	1
cancel his bond of life ,  dear god i pray ,  that i may live to say ,   “ the dog is dead .  ”	1
those linen cheeks of your are counselors to fear.	1
may we do that ?	1
i sent for thee upon a sad occasion .	1
why have your rosy cheeks faded so quickly ?	1
well, well.	1
good friend, go to him, for by this light of heaven, i know not how i lost him.	1
and after this let caesar seat him sure; for we will shake him, or worse days endure.	1
exit romeo .	1
i have sent to bid cassio come speak with you.	1
are you sick ?	1
what likelihood?	1
what ,  art thou hurt ?	1
but why did you tempt the sky like that ?	1
yes ,  and he’s been carried off the field .	1
but, good my brother, do not, as some ungracious pastors do, show me the steep and thorny way to heaven, whilst, like a puff'd and reckless libertine, himself the primrose path of dalliance treads and recks not his own rede.	1
though he seems a little old - fashioned ,  there is much care and courage in this welshman .	1
you’ve killed an innocent woman ,  and you’re going to pay dearly for her death .	1
cassio shall take my place.	1
god !	1
pray ,  have you not a daughter called katherina ,  fair and virtuous ?	1
she well instructs me.	1
ah, good demetrius, will you give him to me?	1
ding, dong, bell.	1
i shall desire you of more acquaintance ,  good master cobweb .	1
then he’s no good .	1
i’ll bet we’re both thinking the same thing ,  master .	1
speak within door.	1
i may command where i adore ,  but silence ,  like a lucrece knife ,  with bloodless stroke my heart doth gore; m . o . a . i .	1
ay ,  my good lord .	1
there is something else .	1
why did i get married ?	1
follow not .	1
tell antony that brutus has been taken .	1
you don’t speak as you think; it cannot be.	1
be merciful ,  great duke ,  to men of mold .	1
ready .	1
yes ,  truly ,  and so do you .	1
since birth is heaven and heaven is earth, all three meet in you at once, which you would lose at once.	1
i'll free you within two days for this.	1
he’s ,  in his retirement to bed ,  exceedingly upset .	1
let their beds be as soft as yours ,  and let them eat the same food as you ”  ?	1
but while i say one prayer!	1
think on thy sins.	1
and find a poverty stricken gentleman who i can marry straightaway to clarence’s daughter .	1
why do you cross me in this exigent ?	1
alack the day ,  she's dead ,  she's dead ,  she's dead !	1
i swear ,  anyone smart who laughs at these courts jesters is nothing but a jester’s apprentice .	1
no ,  keep flattery for kissing the hands of those who can pay well .	1
i have done .	1
well ,  just say it ,  sir .	1
and so had mine .	1
all offices are open ,  and there is full liberty of feasting from this present hour of five till the bell have told eleven .	1
i cannot think you are my son .	1
for those of old ,  and the recent titles heaped on them ,  we remain your hermits .	1
o ,  she says nothing ,  sir ,  but weeps and weeps; and now falls on her bed ,  and then starts up ,  and tybalt calls; and then on romeo cries ,  and then down falls again .	1
why then, you left me,—oh, the gods forbid!— seriously, shall i say?	1
every uncontrolled cup is evil, and the ingredient is a devil.	1
pray heaven it be state matters, as you think, and no conception nor no jealous toy concerning you.	1
it must needs be of subtle ,  tender ,  and delicate temperance .	1
proceed ,  solinus ,  to procure my fall ,  and by the doom of death end woes and all .	1
well ,  sir .	1
and in the morn i’ll bring you to your ship and so to naples ,  where i have hope to see the nuptial of these our dear - belovèd solemnized ,  and thence retire me to my milan ,  where every third thought shall be my grave .	1
am not i hermia ?	1
most welcome home !	1
he's what he is .	1
that’s it !	1
the english have promised me thousands of troops .	1
hail to thee ,  thane of cawdor !	1
age ,  shame on you !	1
is the storm overblown?	1
what's the matter ?	1
hurry .	1
i have no knowledge of the king-becoming graces, such as justice, verity, temperance, stableness, bounty, perseverance, mercy, lowliness, devotion, patience, courage, fortitude, but i only abound in the division of each several crime, acting it many ways.	1
he swears he used to be a courtier .	1
my gentle puck ,  come here .	1
nay, if you stare, we shall hear more anon.	1
humbly i thank your grace.	1
you are welcome here ,  as are all of you english princes .	1
fie, fie upon thee, strumpet!	1
where’s seleucus ?	1
i swear on my soul it was a lie .	1
no talking !	1
then gave i her (so tutored by my art) a sleeping potion; which so took effect as i intended ,  for it wrought on her the form of death .	1
i ask you ,  if you have a grudge against me ,  to kill me now ,  while your stained hands still reek of blood .	1
he says they can do nothing in this kind .	1
my queen and eros have by their brave examples beaten me to the history books .	1
forget about him ,  jack !	1
i would cure you if you would but call me rosalind and come every day to my cote and woo me .	1
not for thy fairy kingdom.	1
horatio, when you read this, give these fellows some way to talk to the king.	1
he is not doubted . —a word ,  lucillius .	1
and mine a hundred and forty .	1
tell them so, publius.	1
i’ll try to persuade him to put on something more appropriate before going to the church ,  if it’s at all possible .	1
o proper stuff !	1
no i don’t ,  believe me .	1
well ,  to our work alive .	1
freedom high-day!	1
tell me ,  how is my mother ?	1
villainous whore!	1
but if you just repeat it ,  as many actors do ,  i would prefer the town crier spoke my lines .	1
now .	1
it’s the truth .	1
when they will not give a dolt to relieve a lame beggar, they will lay out ten to see a dead indian.	1
that is no slander ,  sir ,  which is a truth; and what i spake ,  i spake it to my face .	1
either thou or i ,  or both ,  must go with him .	1
as of a man faithful and honourable.	1
make him believe thou art sir topas the curate .	1
shall i believe that death that has no substance is a lover ,  and that the lean ugly monster keeps you here in dark to be his mistress ?	1
o, let me kiss this princess of pure white, this seal of bliss!	1
i hope luck will give me what my heart hopes for !	1
shall i believe that unsubstantial death is amorous ,  and that the lean abhorrèd monster keeps thee here in dark to be his paramour ?	1
no watch ?	1
come ,  madam ,  let's away ,  good morrow ,  cousin .	1
he’s gone ,  but his wife’s killed .	1
goodbye ,  good mr .  love .	1
what man has courage to do, i have courage to do.	1
my most dear lord !	1
speak my thoughts ?	1
a blessèd labor ,  my most sovereign lord .	1
where do i live ?	1
is that possible ?	1
his lips were nice and red ,  a little more lively and passionate than the red that was in his cheeks—one was pure red and the other more pink .	1
welcome, then.	1
nay ,  i am the very pink of courtesy .	1
no seconds ?	1
conscience and grace ,  to the profoundest pit !	1
if a man do not erect in this age his own tomb ere he dies ,  he shall live no longer in monument than the bell rings and the widow weeps .	1
happy with hermia ?	1
laertes ,  i must share your grief ,  or you deny me my rights .	1
what ,  will you murder me ? —thou jailer ,  thou ,  i am thy prisoner .	1
don’t worry about the cost .	1
carthage ?	1
if thou beest slain and with no stroke of mine, my wife and children's ghosts will haunt me still.	1
your love says, like an honest gentleman, and a courteous, and a kind, and a handsome; and, i guarantee, a virtuous gentleman where is your mother?	1
serious vanity!	1
alas that love, so gentle in his view, should be so tyrannous and rough in proof!	1
look ,  he wears cruel garters .	1
no ,  ma'am .	1
i will tell you now, as you know, young fortinbras, not thinking very much of us, or thinking that our late dear brother's death made our country disorganized and no longer powerful, conspiring with this dream of his advantage, has not failed to pester us with messages, asking us to the surrender of those lands lost by his father, within all the rules of law, to our most valiant brother.	1
no ,  lad .	1
to testify is not proof, without wider and more open tests than these thin habits and poor probabilities of modern liking prefer against him.	1
he is .	1
the cess of majesty dies not alone, but like a gulf doth draw what's near it with it.	1
and mine say two hundred .	1
don’t take long to speak .	1
i had no reason ,  no reason .	1
oh ,  this is cause for an extraordinary joy that should be engraved in gold on pillars to last forever .	1
i have a man's mind ,  but a woman's might .	1
for me, three thousand ducats.	1
yet it was said it should not stand in thy posterity ,  but that myself should be the root and father of many kings .	1
right ,  and they wore proclamations around their necks ,  saying ,   “ be it known to all men by these  the eldest of the three brothers wrestled with charles ,  the duke’s wrestler .	1
lay her i' the earth; and from her fair and unpolluted flesh may violets spring!	1
ay ,  in the temple ,  in the town ,  the field ,  you do me mischief .	1
and then ,  i hope ,  you’ll be satisfied .	1
that’s how things should be—straight and smooth .	1
away !	1
o ,  damn her !	1
where is his body ,  messala ?	1
yes ,  it is already garrison'd .	1
now ,  what's the latest ?	1
the general cause?	1
by inheritance, i know i am baron of glamis; only how am i baron of cawdor?	1
the direful spectacle of the wreck, which touched the very virtue of compassion in thee, i have with such provision in mine art so safely ordered that there is no soul— no, not so much perdition as an hair betid to any creature in the vessel which thou heard'st cry, which though saw'st sink.	1
widow dido; yes ,  widow dido .	1
i am the youngest of that name ,  for fault of a worse .	1
why are you silent?	1
truly then i fear you are damned both by father and mother: thus when i shun scylla, your father, i fall into charybdis, your mother: well, you are gone both ways.	1
what dost thou think?	1
he shall spurn fate, scorn death, and bear his hopes ’bove wisdom, grace, and fear.	1
fairy king ,  see and listen; i do hear the morning lark .	1
the time is free .	1
but wait!	1
i have forgot why i did call thee back .	1
and every object that might make me fear misfortune to my ventures out of doubt would make me sad .	1
the second rooster has crowed ,  the curfew bell has rung ,  it’s three o'clock .	1
good, speak to the mariners.	1
but who comes here ?	1
if i know this ,  know all the world besides ,  that part of tyranny that i do bear i can shake off at pleasure .	1
speak again .	1
sea - spirits ring his death bell every hour: [chorus (off - stage): ding - dong .	1
my precious queen ,  forbear ,  and give true evidence to his love which stands an honorable trial .	1
it is brabantio.—general, be advised; he comes to bad intent.	1
we will go walk a little in the orchard ,  and then to dinner .	1
i hate the word ,  as i hate hell ,  all montagues ,  and thee .	1
if my heart's dear love— well ,  do not swear .	1
be't their comfort we are coming thither.	1
tis far off ,  and rather like a dream than an assurance that my remembrance warrants .	1
here, quite confused by this mutiny.	1
the baron of cawdor lives.	1
i am not made of stones ,  but penetrable to your kind entreaties ,  albeit against my conscience and my soul .	1
i don’t speak yet of proof .	1
o rome ,  i make thee promise ,  if the redress will follow ,  thou receivest thy full petition at the hand of brutus !	1
even for that our love of old ,  i prithee ,  hold thou my sword hilts ,  whilst i run on it .	1
because if that’s the case ,  i will tell you a plan that will get rid of your enemy and bring you closer to me .	1
the king’s son ,  ferdinand ,  with his hair standing straight up—it looked like reeds ,  not hair—was the first person to jump ,  shouting ,   “ hell is empty ,  and all the devils are here !  ”  good job !	1
but i have words that would be howl'd out in the desert air, where hearing should not latch them.	1
have you come to make confession to this father ?	1
what visions have i seen!	1
o monstrous act !	1
a thursday be it then.	1
be thou familiar, but by no means vulgar.	1
what’s your name ?	1
the words  “ villain ”  and his name are many miles apart .	1
have things been quiet on your watch ?	1
you must away tonight .	1
even so great men great losses should endure.	1
i will seek some way to leave him .	1
in faith, i will.	1
the moon methinks looks with a watery eye .	1
i will not do them wrong .	1
we’ll begin the ceremony the way we hope it will end—with delight .	1
ready .	1
certainly ,  sir ,  i can .	1
also king lewis the tenth ,  who was sole heir to the usurper capet ,  could not keep quiet in his conscience ,  wearing the crown of france ,  till satisfied that fair queen isabel ,  his grandmother ,  was lineal of the lady ermengare ,  daughter to charles the foresaid duke of lorraine ,  by the which marriage the line of charles the great was reunited to the crown of france .	1
run ,  master ,  run .	1
thy husband in thy bosom there lies dead; and paris too.	1
i see a voice; now i’ll go to the chink ,  to spy if i can hear my thisbe's face .	1
wilt thou be pleased to hearken once again to the suit i made to thee ?	1
tis in ourselves that we are thus or thus.	1
when did you lose your daughter?	1
o julius caesar, thou art mighty yet!	1
what a piece of work is a man !	1
o ,  look !	1
enjoy the honey-heavy dew of slumber; thou hast no figures nor no fantasies, which busy care draws in the brains of men; therefore thou sleep'st so sound.	1
come on; we'll visit caliban my slave ,  who never gives us a kind answer .	1
he used to lend money as a favor between christians; but now ,  let him think about his own debt .	1
but he that will believe all that they say shall never be saved by half that they do .	1
he speaks nothing but madman .	1
i tell you ’tis not very well .	1
it’s too frightened to look at itself .	1
stay till i have read the letter .	1
that’s two of his weapons .	1
in weightier things you’ll say a beggar nay .	1
are you planning to go out ?	1
farewell ,  dear mother .	1
who wrongs him ?	1
what’s he that now is going out of door ?	1
death didn’t conquer	1
we may as bootless spend our vain command upon th' enragèd soldiers in their spoil as send precepts to the leviathan to come ashore .	1
i know they’re in rome together ,  hoping for antony to return .	1
pretty too !	1
dost thou not bring me letters from the friar ?	1
forty thousand brothers could not with all their quantity of love make up my sum .	1
o ,  are you come ,  iago ?	1
no ,  octavius caesar ,  we’ll respond to their charge .	1
she's been made as fruitful as the free elements.	1
were it good?	1
i am not mad ,  sir topas .	1
you have a daughter called elizabeth ,  virtuous and fair ,  royal and gracious .	1
i don’t want anything but that .	1
i have much to do but to go hang my head all at one side and sing it like poor barbary .	1
but down .	1
we are for you .	1
it’s true .	1
why are you silent ?	1
i would it might prove the end of his losses !	1
a mighty man of pisa .	1
o, thou wilt speak again of banishment.	1
so that ,  i say ,  he has borne all things well; and i do think that ,  had he duncan's sons under his key— as ,  an't please heaven ,  he shall not—they should find what ’twere to kill a father; so should fleance .	1
i am unfortunate in the handicap ,  and dare not tempt my weakness with any more wine .	1
set down ,  set down your honorable load ,  if honor may be shrouded in a hearse ,  whilst i awhile obsequiously lament th' untimely fall of virtuous lancaster .	1
assume a virtue, if you have it not.	1
let him come ,  and now tell caesar what it is that he wants .	1
to wage war .	1
tell her .	1
he is attended with a desperate train .	1
because we are servants ,  and you think we are ruffians ,  you'd have your daughter covered with a african horse; you'd have your nephews neigh to you; you'd have chargers for cousins and small spanish horses for germans .	1
farewell, father.	1
i took him to be killed with a thunder-stroke.	1
i’ll not to bed tonight .	1
what’s the matter ?	1
o sin sweetly encouraged !	1
you should not have believed me; for virtue cannot so inoculate our old stock but we shall relish of it.	1
come on !	1
it’s time we were going .	1
and bring the ship’s captain to the castle .	1
did you hear that ?	1
and for three months.	1
tis a fault to heaven ,  a fault against the dead ,  a fault to nature ,  to reason most absurd ,  whose common theme is death of fathers ,  and who still hath cried ,  from the first corse till he that died today ,  this must be so .	1
ay ,  madam ,  it is common .	1
i respect the soul very much ,  so i disagree with his belief .	1
one of your tears is worth everything that was won and lost .	1
i must go report what happened .	1
there needs no ghost ,  my lord ,  come from the grave to tell us this .	1
in good time!	1
the king my father ?  !	1
weeping and wailing over tybalt's corse .	1
god quit you in his mercy .	1
do you lie so low?	1
he knows me as the blind man knows the cuckoo ,  by the bad voice .	1
the gold i gave to dromio is laid up safe at the centaur ,  and the heedful slave is wandered forth ,  in care to seek me out .	1
signior lodovico ?	1
the hand of death hath raught him .	1
do you hear me ,  old friend ?	1
sir, i obey the mandate, and will return to venice.	1
is this face hero’s ?	1
let only the common people hear this testament , — which ,  pardon me ,  i don’t mean to read , — and they would go and kiss dead caesar's wounds ,  and dip their napkins in his sacred blood; yes ,  beg a hair of him for memory ,  and ,  dying ,  mention that hair in their wills ,  leaving it as a rich legacy to their children .	1
a daughter ?	1
ha ,  ha ,  heard in genoa .	1
and so it is that i ask see your assistance.	1
this wretch hath part confessed his villainy .	1
now i’ll offend you whether i give it to you or not .	1
what can it not ?	1
your children were vexation to your youth ,  but mine shall be a comfort to your age .	1
his knights are getting out of control ,  and he himself reprimands us about every little detail .	1
fare you well ,  my lord .	1
they call it agincourt .	1
look ,  here he comes .	1
well ,  what was yours ?	1
it’s a bet .	1
dream on ,  dream on ,  of bloody deeds and death .	1
not dead?	1
thrift ,  thrift ,  horatio !	1
marry ,  well said ,  very well said .	1
see how they kiss and court !	1
again “banished?” stop with the philosophy!	1
i beg you ,  pardon me; i cannot speak .	1
cupid—that blind bastard son of venus ,  conceived from a thought and anger ,  born from insanity ,  that blind ,  naughty boy who makes everyone else go blind just because he can’t see himself—let cupid judge how deep my love runs .	1
well, i maybe i’ll see you; because i would very gladly speak with you.	1
come on ,  shovel .	1
by the gods, you’ll eat the poison of your proud temper, even if it splits you, because, from this day on, i'll use you for my entertainment, yes, for my laughter, when you’re spiteful.	1
your lady mother is coming to your bedroom .	1
stop it ,  marcellus !	1
they’ll consider you and jessica masters of this house in place of lord bassanio and myself .	1
you shall not come to them.	1
my husband lives ,  that tybalt would have slain; and tybalt's dead ,  that would have slain my husband .	1
i should not need, if you were gentle brutus.	1
i cannot stay any longer .	1
a living drollery .	1
the sun will not be seen today .	1
hold him in safety till the prince come hither .	1
for monsieur malvolio ,  let me alone with him .	1
i can only walk a little way with you ,  since i’m waiting here .	1
bestir heigh ,  my hearts !	1
and why are you noble ,  strong ,  and brave ?	1
suffolk died first ,  and york ,  cut to pieces ,  came to him where he lay in his blood and took him by the face ,  kissing his gashes .	1
romeo !	1
political business is bothering him ,  and he’s just taking it out on you .	1
you may light on a husband that hath no beard .	1
bring him home with triumph to his house.	1
so that’s how it is now ,  arguing with choppy reasoning ?	1
but god forgive me for bragging .	1
only i yield to die .	1
is tomorrow the 15th of march ,  boy ?	1
but what about cicero?	1
what do you have to say ,  noble friend ?	1
sir ,  he told me quite bluntly that he didn’t feel like it .	1
when was it she last walked ?	1
didst thou not say he lied ?	1
and ,  sowing the seeds of it in the ocean ,  create more islands .	1
were such things here as we do speak about?	1
i'll have thee speak out the rest of this soon.	1
here is a sick man that would speak with you .	1
nothing’s ours ,  all's been spent ,  where we got what we wanted ,  but without content .	1
he says they can’t do anything like this .	1
this doesn’t look very much like portia!	1
if you are a devil ,  i cannot kill you .	1
then it’s banquo's .	1
this is a miracle ,  if you talk of miracles .	1
start walking, and i’ll follow you with a new, fired up heart, to do i don’t know what, but it’s enough that brutus leads me on.	1
not yet .	1
hast stol'n it from her ?	1
fill ,  lucius ,  till the wine o'erswell the cup .	1
didst not mark that ?	1
you have simply misused our sex in your love - prate .	1
flout ’em and scout ’em, and scout ’em and flout ’em thought is free.	1
so long .	1
where’s antonio ,  then ?	1
if my heart’s dear love— well ,  don’t swear .	1
why do you speak so startingly and rash?	1
farewell !	1
she is drowned already ,  sir ,  with salt water ,  though i seem to drown her remembrance again with more .	1
i say  “ thy husband ” —dost understand the word ?	1
medicine is for the dogs .	1
to ariel] spirit, fine spirit, i—ii free [to ariel] spirit, fine spirit, i—ii free thee within two days for this.	1
pale or red ?	1
i have heard that guilty creatures, sitting at a play, have been so struck to the soul by the very cunning of the scene that presently they have confessed their evil deeds, because murder, although it is silent, will speak with its own most miraculous organ, i’ll have these players play something like the murder of my father before my uncle.	1
breaks my head across ?	1
farewell, dear father.	1
open your gates .	1
no—yes, sure.	1
it is written that the shoemaker should meddle with his measuring tape and the tailor with his shoe form, the fisher with his pencil, and the painter with his nets; but i am sent to find the people whose names are written here, and i cannot read what names the writing person has written here.	1
o dear son edgar ,  the food of thy abusèd father’s wrath ,  might i but live to see thee in my touch ,  i’d say i had eyes again !	1
for shame ,  bring juliet forth; her lord is come .	1
mutton ?	1
if this were a play ,  i’d complain it was unrealistic .	1
let me speak a little .	1
mean you his majesty ?	1
what is his name ?	1
surely it’s some matter of state, either from venice or some minor problem shown to him here in cyprus, that has muddied his clear spirit, and in such cases men's natures fight with inferior things, although their object is great ones.	1
and what i spoke ,  i spoke to my face .	1
i must hear from thee every day in the hour, for in a minute there are many days.	1
thrice noble lord ,  i beg you to excuse me for another night or two—or at least until nightfall .	1
what is the success ?	1
thou art a villain !	1
fly ,  therefore ,  noble cassius ,  fly far off .	1
not a jot more ,  my lord .	1
ay, if you dare do yourself a profit and a right.	1
we’ll be friends first .	1
we shall ne'er be younger .	1
only the adulterous and abominable antony abandons you ,  giving his power to a whore who turns that power against us .	1
i’ll attack you now!	1
mark antony shall say i’m not well, and, to make you happy, i’ll stay home.	1
believing fools are caught like this; and many worthy and chaste dames just like this ,  all innocent ,  meet punishment .	1
o ,  she teaches the torches to burn bright !	1
but don’t delay .	1
if not ,  i’ll die your maid .	1
i always loved you, hermia; always kept your counsels; never wronged you; except that, because of my love for demetrius, i told him of your running away into this forest.	1
but leave it all to god .	1
look ,  where he goes ,  even now out the door !	1
the carriages ,  sir ,  are the hangers .	1
i did, my lord, and i have reason for it.	1
a little before twelve ,  i think .	1
she swoons to see them bleed .	1
good food’s not a big deal—everyone can afford that .	1
look with your ears .	1
most mischievous foul sin in chiding sin ,  for thou thyself hast been a libertine ,  as sensual as the brutish sting itself ,  and all th' embossèd sores and headed evils that thou with license of free foot hast caught wouldst thou disgorge into the general world .	1
these fellows have some soul; and someone like that is how i am .	1
is this a dagger which i see before me ,  the handle pointed toward my hand ?	1
no more words.	1
there thou mightst behold the great image of authority: a dog’s obeyed in office .	1
did you hear this ,  gonzalo ?	1
wretched queen ,  goodbye !	1
the second cock hath crow'd ,  the curfew bell hath rung ,  'tis three o'clock .	1
your case is better.	1
three civil brawls ,  bred of an airy word by thee ,  old capulet ,  and montague ,  have thrice disturb'd the quiet of our streets and made verona's ancient citizens cast by their grave beseeming ornaments to wield old partisans ,  in hands as old ,  canker’d with peace ,  to part your canker'd hate .	1
look ,  here she comes .	1
i’ve got nothing to do with you .	1
how are you ,  jessica ?	1
sister ,  it is not a little i have to say of what most nearly appertains to us both .	1
tis more, 'tis more!	1
there be fools alive ,  iwis ,  silvered o'er—and so was this .	1
didn’t he come home tonight ?	1
you shall, mark antony.	1
if there is ,  then heaven help him !	1
i stand on sudden haste .	1
there's two or three of us have seen strange sights .	1
or keep it as a cistern for foul toads to knot and gender in !	1
let not your ears despise my tongue for ever, which shall possess them with the heaviest sound that ever yet they heard.	1
i’m not feeling well, and that’s all.	1
had i been any god of power ,  i would have sunk the sea within the earth or ere it should the good ship so have swallowed and the fraughting souls within her .	1
let us now stay and see it .	1
but i made an oath ,  an oath ,  an oath in heaven .	1
if the english had any apprehension ,  they would run away .	1
i’ll do my best to obey you ,  madam .	1
come ,  gentlemen ,  let’s go in .	1
the king has strictly forbidden it .	1
yes ,  so i fear; and my fears are more than they were .	1
i’ll not have it so .	1
wherefore ?	1
but a stronger pity ,  for the wrongs committed against rome ,  drove out our pity for caesar ,  as fire drives out fire ,  and so we killed him .	1
tell her my love ,  more noble than the world ,  prizes not quantity of dirty lands; the parts that fortune hath bestowed upon her ,  tell her ,  i hold as giddily as fortune; but ’tis that miracle and queen of gems that nature pranks her in attracts my soul .	1
i say, my daughter is my flesh and blood.	1
why ,  bride !	1
if he love her not ,  and he not from his reason fall'n thereon let me be no assistant for a state ,  but keep a farm and carters .	1
mislike me not for my complexion, the shadowed livery of the burnish'd sun, to whom i am a neighbour, and near bred.	1
i hear him coming.	1
i saw it with my own eyes .	1
no ,  from the moon ,  i’m telling you .	1
have you heard any imputation to the contrary ?	1
my papers, it is just that i set it all down, that one may smile, and smile, and be a villain, at least, i am sure, it may be so in denmark.	1
is not tomorrow ,  boy ,  the ides of march ?	1
yes ,  as short as a woman’s love .	1
in this house lives a man who despises all that is good in you .	1
stay close by when we wake him up ,  ma'am .	1
i did send to you for certain sums of gold ,  which you denied me ,  for i can raise no money by vile means .	1
the woman i love is beautiful .	1
more to know did never meddle with my thoughts .	1
sit down ,  clitus .	1
come ,  come; lend me a light .	1
from the highest to the lowest of you ,  i bid you a hearty welcome .	1
sailors ,  my lord ,  they say ,  i didn’t see them .	1
send there to see .	1
tomorrow dinner then ?	1
crowned by the golden sun ,  observed his heroic son and smiled to see him mangle the work of nature ,  french youth whose fathers and god had nurtured for twenty years ,  since they were babies .	1
let's have no more of this; let's to our affairs.	1
what a sleep this is for your advancement!	1
o ,  what men dare do !	1
was the crown offered him thrice ?	1
thou art as wise as thou art beautiful .	1
besides—i ha' not since put up my sword— against the capitol i met a lion ,  who glared upon me and went surly by ,  without annoying me .	1
lay breath so bitter on your bitter foe .	1
o ,  i wish you were of the same mind as i am !	1
my daughter !	1
i beg you, come; will you?	1
farewell .	1
caesar!	1
though our lives— your spirits shine through you .	1
i think there should now be a huge eclipse of sun and moon ,  and that the frightened globe should yawn at changes .	1
be not acknown on't; i have use for it .	1
now what we have done so far is this .	1
i found not cassio’s kisses on her lips .	1
look how our partner’s rapt .	1
i’ve gone through the whole forest ,  but i haven’t found any athenian on whose eyes i might pour this flower's juice to stir his love .	1
here let them lie till famine and the ague eat them up .	1
borrow cupid's wings and soar with them above a common bound .	1
murder!	1
yes ,  so i thought .	1
time ambles for both men .	1
our reasons are so full of good regard that were you, antony, the son of caesar, you should be satisfied.	1
do ,  good william .	1
he went hence but now, and certainly in strange unquietness.	1
listen a little bit more, and then i'll bring you to the present situation which is now here, without which, this story would be most irrelevant.	1
this my mean task would be as heavy to me as odious, but the mistress which i serve quickens what's dead and makes my labours pleasures.	1
at this same ancient feast of capulet's sups the fair rosaline whom thou so lov'st; with all the admired beauties of verona.	1
proceed directly .	1
well then ,  add some interjections that indicate laughter ,  like  hold on ,  friar .	1
ay ,  marry ,  was ’t ,  and he put it by thrice ,  every time gentler than other ,  and at every putting - by mine honest neighbors shouted .	1
truly ,  it must be a liar who could swear on both sides of the scale against either side ,  who committed treason enough for god's sake ,  yet couldn’t lie to heaven .	1
but my uncle-father and aunt- mother are deceived.	1
i thank your lordship, it is very hot.	1
are you unwell?	1
if he have never drunk wine afore ,  it will go near to remove his fit .	1
i don’t trust you .	1
there’s little of the melancholy element in her ,  my lord .	1
o ,  take the sense ,  sweet ,  of my innocence !	1
now god in heaven bless thee !	1
o bitter consequence that edward still should live  “ true noble prince ”  !	1
the people 'twixt philippi and this ground do stand but in a forced affection ,  for they have grudged us contribution .	1
upon the rack, bassanio?	1
if i could say hello to the fifth one as happily as i’ll say goodbye to the first four ,  i’d be very happy he’s coming .	1
that’s what i’ll do .	1
very humbly, therefore, bowing to your state, i’d like proper provisions for my wife, proper respect for housing and subsidy, with such accommodation and suitable company as is equal with her breeding.	1
o, this is the poison of deep grief, it all springs from her father's death.	1
what's the matter, lady?	1
didn’t you talk to it ?	1
now ,  antony ,  our hopes are answerèd .	1
and that’s true—he  then i pleaded for you .	1
just tell me that.	1
o noble lord ,  bethink thee of thy birth ,  call home thy ancient thoughts from banishment ,  and banish hence these abject lowly dreams .	1
o ,  will you leave me so unsatisfied ?	1
your son ,  my lord ,  has paid a soldier’s debt .	1
how now ,  roderigo !	1
yes ,  what time is it ?	1
what should i say ,  sweet lady ?	1
i am never merry when i hear sweet music .	1
the mighty gods defend you !	1
tomorrow then i will expect your coming .	1
thou art not by mine eye ,  lysander ,  found .	1
serious vanity !	1
a south - west blow on ye and blister you all o'er !	1
but this place is too cold for hell .	1
so is lysander.	1
hath an argosy cast away, coming from tripolis.	1
stay ,  stand apart .	1
now here's another discontented paper ,  found in his pocket too; and this ,  it seems ,  roderigo meant to have sent this damned villain; but that ,  belike ,  iago in the interim came in and satisfied him .	1
what do you think ?	1
but look, amazement on thy mother sits.	1
my duty to you both ,  on equal love ,  great kings of france and england .	1
come your ways.	1
you charge me most unjustly.	1
come ,  trusty sword .	1
look in on me ,  and talk with me ,  or i’ll attack even without a weapon .	1
i am more proud to be sir rowland’s son ,  his youngest son ,  and would not change that calling to be adopted heir to frederick .	1
god bless you .	1
come on ,  envelope ,  open up for me .	1
what is thisbe ?	1
madam .	1
a customer!	1
oh ,  coward that i am ,  to live so long to see my best friend ta'en before my face !	1
i will not charm my tongue; i am bound to speak .	1
do not deny to him that you love me .	1
what ,  my dear lord ?	1
would i were able to load him with his desert !	1
why do you dress me in borrowed robes ?	1
i’ll make him tell me the whole story again—where ,  how often ,  how long ago—and when he plans to sleep with your wife in the future .	1
why, even so.	1
for this same lord, i do repent; but heaven hath pleas'd it so, to punish me with this, and this with me, that i must be their scourge and minister.	1
you mar all with this starting.	1
good pilgrim, you do wrong your hand too much, which mannerly devotion shows in this; for saints have hands that pilgrims’ hands do touch, and palm to palm is holy palmers’ kiss.	1
there may be a time for everything ,  but no man who has gone bald naturally can get his hair back .	1
be patient, i have to rest.	1
to ferdinand] one word more; i [to ferdinand] one word more; i charge thee that thou attend me .	1
my hounds are bred out of the spartan kind ,  so jawed ,  so sandy - colored ,  and their heads are hung with ears that sweep along the ground; crook - kneed and dew - covered like thessaly bulls; slow in pursuit ,  but matched in their barks like bells ,  each one under the other .	1
the sweetest sleep and fairest - boding dreams that ever entered in a drowsy head have i since your departure had ,  my lords .	1
and so will i .	1
didst thou not say he comes ?	1
it is a creature that dotes on cassio ,  as it is the whore's disease to trick many and be tricked by one .	1
good night ,  good night !	1
lights ,  lights ,  lights !	1
o wife ,  look how our daughter bleeds !	1
well ,  sir ,  we won’t .	1
no one will listen to it .	1
o ,  she says nothing ,  sir ,  but weeps and weeps; and now falls on her bed; and then starts up ,  and calls tybalt ,  and then cries over romeo ,  and then falls down again .	1
i’ll make this wedding happen tomorrow morning .	1
who would bear these burdens to grunt and sweat under a weary life ,  except that the dread of something after death ,  the undiscovered country ,  from whose borders no traveler returns ,  puzzles the mind ,  and makes us bear those problems we have rather than fly to others that we don’t know about ?	1
the hell with order !	1
he meant he did me none; the more my spite .	1
i have sent for the strawberries .	1
is there no voice more worthy than my own, to sound more sweetly in great caesar's ear for the repealing of my banish'd brother?	1
knock knock anon ,  anon !	1
indeed ,  it’s a strange time .	1
i know, iago, your honesty and love minimize this matter, making it easier for cassio.	1
yet at the first i saw the treasons planted .	1
yes ,  to smell pork; to eat in the temple that your prophet ,  the nazarene ,  conjured the devil into .	1
but say ,  sir ,  is it dinnertime ?	1
yea ,  very force entangles itself with strength .	1
the children thus disposed ,  my wife and i ,  fixing our eyes on whom our care was fixed ,  fastened ourselves at either end the mast and ,  floating straight ,  obedient to the stream ,  was carried towards corinth ,  as we thought .	1
lo, where he comes!	1
listen !	1
what sights ,  my lord ?	1
my sweet cassio !	1
now come sing around the cauldron like a ring of elves and fairies ,  enchanting everything you put in .	1
bring down that top sail !	1
what are you doing with a sword ?	1
so farewell ,  all ,  for my tongue has almost finished with its life .	1
as much to him ,  otherwise his thanks is too much .	1
it is lodovico come from the duke.	1
one of them showed me a ring that he had of your daughter for a monkey .	1
but ,  look ,  amazement sits on your mother’s face .	1
well ,  you’re a liar ,  then .	1
i’m even happier that i’m not stupid ,  and i can learn .	1
follow my mother .	1
do you know where we may apprehend her and the moor?	1
take away this body ,  and do what i say .	1
he looks angry .	1
emilia, run you to the citadel, and tell my lord and lady what hath happ'd!	1
the lieutenant is part of the court’s guard tonight.	1
take  beatrice ,  have you come because i called for you ?	1
go ,  borrow me a crow .	1
his nurse ?	1
when remedies are too late ,  griefs are ended by seeing the worst ,  which hopes lately depended on .	1
why was that cry ?	1
if he hears you, you will make him angry.	1
hath romeo slain himself?	1
o husband !	1
it’s too bad that antony’s fault should make you look like a jerk .	1
no man must know .  ”  what if this someone were you ,  malvolio ?	1
o fool!	1
i am an ass; else it could never be but i should know her as well as she knows me .	1
well ,  do it ,  and be brief .	1
uncle ,  this is a montague ,  our foe; a villain ,  that has come here in spite ,  to scorn at our feast this night .	1
my lord, we were sent for.	1
welcome ,  then .	1
who is it ?	1
your  it is not a fashion for the maids in france to kiss before they are married ,  would she say ?	1
the less they deserve ,  the more merit is in your bounty .	1
and in this habit met i my father with his bleeding rings ,  their precious stones new lost ,  became his guide ,  led him ,  begged for him ,  saved him from despair .	1
he is a noble prisoner !	1
your majesty shall mock at me .	1
i will hide me in the arbor .	1
and she’s fair i love .	1
o my poor rosalind ,  whither wilt thou go ?	1
one ,  kate ,  that you must kiss and be acquainted with . — where are my slippers ?	1
leave you !	1
i have been sexton here, man and boy, thirty years.	1
do you want to know the truth ?	1
o heat, dry up my brains!	1
sure and firm - set earth ,  don’t hear my steps ,  which ever way they walk ,  for fear your very stones disclose my whereabouts ,  and take the current horror from the time ,  which now suits it .	1
damn her ,  lewd minx !	1
if you take more or less than exactly a pound ,  even if it’s just the tiniest fraction of an ounce—if the scale changes by even so much as a hair ,  you die ,  and all your property will be confiscated .	1
appear and pertly !	1
now old desire doth in his deathbed lie ,  and young affection gapes to be his heir; that fair for which love groan'd for and would die ,  with tender juliet match'd ,  is now not fair .	1
the man is, notwithstanding, sufficient;—three thousand ducats; —i think i may take his bond.	1
monday, my lord.	1
marry ,  that ,  i think ,  be young petruchio .	1
marry ,  sir ,  'tis an ill cook that cannot lick his own fingers .	1
if you  “ re ”  us and  “ fa ”  us ,  you note us .	1
therefore ,  my lords ,  omit no happy hour that may give furth'rance to our expedition; for we have now no thought in us but france ,  save those to god ,  that run before our business .	1
come ,  put it over my face .	1
i don’t know what to say .	1
a friend !	1
why ,  what did he do ?	1
no ,  truly ,  but in friendly recompense .	1
call him .	1
i don’t know about that .	1
to fetch her fan ,  her gloves ,  her mask ,  nor nothing ?	1
stay ,  give me drink . —hamlet ,  this pearl is thine .	1
what do you think of marching to philippi presently ?	1
please !	1
what did you mean by that same handkerchief you gave me even now ?	1
signior lodovico?	1
i have promised to make all this matter even .	1
your statue spouting blood in many pipes ,  90 in which so many smiling romans bathed ,  signifies that from you great rome shall suck reviving blood ,  and that great men shall press for tinctures ,  stains ,  relics ,  and cognizance .	1
tell me, laertes, why thou art thus incensed.	1
seyton ! —i am sick at heart ,  when i behold—seyton ,  i say ! —this push will cheer me ever ,  or disseat me now .	1
when you do find him, or alive or dead, he will be found like brutus, like himself.	1
in such a night ,  medea gather'd the enchanted herbs that did renew old æson .	1
give me your hand .	1
i may dismiss this court by my power, unless bellario, a learned doctor, whom i have sent for to determine this, comes here today.	1
i’m not busy now ,  nervous daughter .	1
i'll send my prayers with him.	1
no ,  and she swears she never will .	1
i ,  sir ,  am dromio .	1
i also hope that we can be better strangers .	1
no ,  this was only his dream .	1
caesar .	1
nor know i aught by me that’s said or done amiss this night ,  unless self - charity be sometimes a vice ,  and to defend ourselves it be a sin when violence assails us .	1
it is backed like a weasel.	1
it’s the last command i shall ever give you .	1
i could go around the world in forty minutes .	1
don’t try my patience and push me too hard ,  because the sight of you makes me sick .	1
if you have tears, prepare to shed them now.	1
what's the matter?	1
come, deal justly with me.	1
good morning to you .	1
oh ,  my dear cassio !	1
weren’t you the one who made him desert perigouna in the middle of the night ,  right after he’d raped her ?	1
i will go tomorrow ,  (and i will go early in the morning) to the weird sisters .	1
but his ambition—for that ,  i killed him .	1
and cassius too .	1
when did you lose your daughter?	1
and so do i too ,  lieutenant .	1
if you can prove that i’ll ever be so in love that i can’t be brought to my senses with a good round of beers ,  you can pluck out my eyes with a love - poet’s pen and hang me on a brothel’s door where the picture of blind cupid usually goes .	1
the wall ,  i think ,  being sensible ,  should curse again .	1
follow her closely ,  watch her well ,  i beg you .	1
revenge his foul and most unnatural murder .	1
unknit that threat'ning unkind brow and dart not scornful glances from those eyes to wound thy lord ,  thy king ,  thy governor .	1
and you would have me do that ?	1
lord ,  how my head aches !	1
well ,  petruchio ,  this has put me in heart .	1
good mercutio !	1
meaning, to curtsy.	1
how ?	1
ophelia, you walk here.	1
by'r lady, your ladyship is nearer to heaven than when i saw you last by the altitude of a chopine.	1
we will have no telling .	1
our day is gone; clouds, dews, and dangers come; our deeds are done!	1
what wert thou if the king of naples heard thee ?	1
what does he say about brutus?	1
the worser welcome.	1
if he could right himself with quarreling ,  some of us would lie low .	1
that  “ may be ”  must be ,  love ,  on next thursday .	1
so ,  i am satisfied .	1
do you believe his tenders, as you call them?	1
but it is true ,  without any slips of prolixity or crossing the plain highway of talk ,  that the good antonio ,  the honest antonio—oh ,  that i had a title good enough to keep his name company ! —  come ,  the full stop .	1
i must prevent thee ,  cimber .	1
it faded on the crowing of the cock .	1
what ?	1
stay but a little .	1
the sight is dismal; and our affairs from england come too late.	1
madam ,  you have made me speechless ,  only my blood in my veins speaks to you ,  and i am so confused just as there appears buzzing among a happy crowd after a well given speech by a beloved prince; where every piece ,  blended together ,  turns to something wild ,  expressed and not expressed ,  except for joy .	1
mechanic slaves with greasy aprons ,  rules ,  and hammers shall uplift us to the view .	1
good morning ,  noble sir !	1
what’s your trade, you deceitful man?	1
no.	1
let spoiled children, light of heart, tickle the senseless weeds with their running and dancing; for i am composing proverbs with a grandfather’s words, i'll be a candle-holder and look on, the game was never any fun and i am done.	1
pish !	1
bravely ,  my hard worker .	1
nay ,  but swear ’t .	1
his face showed more sorrow than anger.	1
please ’t your highness to grace us with your royal company ?	1
that ?	1
i will do ’t .	1
and ,  for mine part ,  i didn’t dare laugh for fear of opening my lips and inhaling the bad air .	1
you were sent for .	1
free from the bondage you are in ,  messala .	1
here’s sport indeed !	1
why the devil came you between us ?	1
if they’re not honest ,  they shouldn’t look like they are !	1
hail ,  brave friend !	1
i’m very sorry i was so hard on him .	1
we have lost your son ,  i fear ,  forever .	1
thy wit is a very bitter sweeting; it is a most sharp sauce .	1
one aloof stand sentinel .	1
i’ll watch the play.	1
i dare assure you ,  sir ,  ’tis almost two ,  and ’twill be supper time ere you come there .	1
i will put my arms around you just as the woodbine twists around the sweet honeysuckle,— like the female ivy winds around the branches of the elm.	1
no ,  nothing but ourselves .	1
yes ,  tell me that ,  and stop my guessing .	1
there are more things in heaven and earth ,  horatio ,  than are dreamt of in your philosophy .	1
don’t be so silly as to think that caesar has such rebel blood that will be changed by the same things that change fools; i mean ,  sweet words ,  low ,  crooked curtsies ,  and playing up to me like a puppy .	1
these foolish drops drown my manly spirit somewhat; goodbye!	1
what do you wish ?	1
my horse is a creature that i teach to fight ,  to wind ,  to stop ,  to run directly on ,  his bodily motions ruled by my whims .	1
what cursed foot wanders this way tonight ,  to disturb my funeral prayers and the rites of true love ?	1
or like a whale.	1
may egypt drown in the nile and all good creatures turn into poisonous snakes .	1
what are you going to do ?	1
come ,  let’s have one more extravagant night .	1
continue ,  then ,  and don’t forget to perform all of the rituals .	1
time is come round ,  and where i did begin ,  there shall i end .	1
listen how these instruments summon us to supper !	1
sir ,  it’s shaped like itself and is as wide as it has width .	1
and he’s still warm ,  by god .	1
fetch me this herb and come right back before a huge sea creature can swim three miles.	1
you coward ,  are you bragging to the stars ,  telling the bushes that you look for wars ,  but will not fight one ?	1
no, his mouth is stopped; honest iago has taken orders for it.	1
many proper men that ever walked on cowhide leather have walked on my work .	1
wake up ,  wake up ,  ring a bell and wake up all the snoring citizens .	1
give me thy hand .	1
o day !	1
if i can cross him any way ,  i bless myself every way .	1
content with hermia?	1
either send the chain ,  or send me by some token .	1
the empire may be in danger if he’s not restrained before he reaches his full potential .	1
our friendship in our schooldays ,  our childhood innocence ?	1
no ,  unpin my hair .	1
i saw it in the orchard .	1
i have spoken this much to soften the justice of your plea ,  which if you follow ,  this strict court of venice must give a ruling against the merchant there .	1
out upon her!	1
you juggler!	1
he’s not sleeping to fatten up his lazy body ,  but praying ,  to nourish his attentive soul .	1
did this fool with the yellow face feast and celebrate in my house today while the guilty doors shut in my face and locked me out of my own house ?	1
effect it with some care ,  that he may prove more fond on her than she upon her love .	1
that’s music to my ears .	1
i would they’d fight i’ th’ fire or i’ th’ air ,  we’d fight there too .	1
we shall ,  my lord ,  perform what you command us .	1
they are of norway ,  sir .	1
what ,  you’re leaving it with lysander ?	1
too swift arrives as tardy as too slow .	1
you are a good chorus ,  my lord .	1
what do you think about macduff’s refusing to be at our great bidding?	1
all hell shall stir for this .	1
see him delivered ,  fabian; bring him hither .	1
yet brutus says he was ambitious; and ,  sure ,  he’s an honorable man .	1
i cannot blame her .	1
the herb i showed thee once .	1
the king and prince at prayers .	1
what if it be a poison which the friar subtly hath ministr'd to have me dead, lest in this marriage he should be dishonour'd because he married me before to romeo?	1
he grew unto his seat, and to such wondrous doing brought his horse as had he been incorpsed and demi-natured with the brave beast.	1
my dollars and my daughter!	1
worthy prince ,  i know ’t .	1
i suspect his friends will join us .	1
apollo flies, and daphne chases him; the dove pursues the vulture; the mild deer runs faster to catch the tiger — helpless speed, when cowardice chases and courage flies.	1
oh ,  really ?	1
i have not scaped drowning to be afeard now of your four legs; for it hath been said ,  ‘as proper a man as ever went on four legs cannot make him give ground . ’ and it shall be said so again ,  while stephano breathes at nostrils .	1
octavius ,  lead your battle softly on ,  upon the left hand of the even field .	1
no ,  i know not .	1
soundly ,  my lord .	1
moreover ,  he hath left you all his walks ,  his private arbors and new - planted orchards ,  on this side tiber .	1
if he love caesar ,  all that he can do is to himself: take thought and die for caesar .	1
only don’t be afraid to take upon you what is yours .	1
cut off their heads ?	1
whence camest thou ,  worthy thane ?	1
stand from the hearse ,  stand from the body .	1
wouldst thou do such a thing for all the world ?	1
he may win; and what is music then ?	1
so help me every spirit sanctified ,  as i have spoken for you all my best and stood within the blank of his displeasure for my free speech !	1
where's your father?	1
wooed me to steal it ,  but she so loves the token (for he conjured her she should ever keep it) that she reserves it evermore about her to kiss and talk to .	1
it’s pretty well done ,  isn’t it ?	1
i can’t blame her .	1
what's your grace's will ?	1
o ,  rejoice beyond a common joy ,  and set it down with gold on lasting pillars .	1
you’re lear’s shadow .	1
be comforted ,  good madam .	1
she’s the one who’s got to do it .	1
well ,  that’s what he’s doing—making you free to enjoy heaven .	1
an englishman ?	1
what is, my lord?	1
i'll bear him no more sticks, but follow thee, thou wondrous man.	1
and request that she come here .	1
how weary, stale, flat, and unprofitable all the habits of this world seem to me!	1
i’d second your wish if it automatically meant that lucentio could have baptista’s youngest daughter .	1
victory sits on our helms .	1
rogue ,  thou hast lived too long .	1
is the king dead ,  the empire unpossessed ?	1
you will be exhibited in rome along with me ,  like egyptian puppets .	1
o ,  then ,  by day where wilt thou find a cavern dark enough to mask thy monstrous visage ?	1
you are jealous now that this is from some mistress ,  some remembrance: no ,  by my faith ,  bianca .	1
you’re on .	1
i have two nights watched with you but can perceive no truth in your report .	1
come, be a man!	1
you were to blame ,  i must be plain with you ,  to part so slightly with your wife’s first gift ,  a thing stuck on with oaths upon your finger and so riveted with faith unto your flesh .	1
here is the count of the slaughtered french .	1
where's potpan ,  that he doesn’t help with cleaning up ?	1
what offense ,  sweet beatrice ?	1
if it were any other… it’s only that ,  i guarantee it .	1
talk not to me ,  for i'll not speak a word .	1
sirs ,  never mind .	1
i will say so.	1
welcome, good friends.	1
where are you going?	1
yes ,  we will .	1
let me borrow a mirror .	1
i cannot tell .	1
my  will you come on ,  cousin ?	1
god grant him health .	1
i will not leave him now until cassio is called to him.	1
marry, sir.	1
we human beings don’t control our own destinies .	1
i shall devise something .	1
i pray you ,  let not my jealousies be your dishonors ,  but mine own safeties .	1
the abuse of greatness is when it disconnects remorse from power ,  and ,  to speak truth about caesar ,  i haven’t known a time when his emotions were swayed more than his reason .	1
here's yet some liquor left .	1
directly .	1
and i beg you instantly to visit my too much changed son.	1
i know you could not lack ,  i am certain on ’t ,  very necessity of this thought ,  that i ,  your partner in the cause ’gainst which he fought ,  could not with graceful eyes attend those wars which fronted mine own peace .	1
if you come slack of former services ,  you shall do well .	1
seyton ! —i’m sick at heart when i see—seyton ,  come here ! —this battle will either secure my reign forever or else topple me from the throne .	1
tush ,  i will stir about ,  and all things shall be well ,  i warrant thee ,  wife .	1
i thank thee ,  master .	1
ay, amen!	1
give me that mattock and the wrenching iron.	1
i have.	1
why ,  antony .	1
not with salt tears .	1
to the selfsame tune and words.	1
friends both, go get some further assistance.	1
where’s antony ?	1
but age, with his stealing steps, has clawed me in his clutch, and has shipped me until the land, as if i had never been such.	1
why are you crying ?	1
let me see the caper .	1
let it be so .	1
it is ,  my lord .	1
gentlemen all ,  i do suspect this trash to be a party in this injury .	1
a sense of security opens the door to conspiracy .	1
we have sworn ,  my lord ,  already .	1
i' faith ,  i am sorry that thou art not well .	1
help !	1
what say you ?	1
will you pluck your sword out of its holder by the handle?	1
who can control his fate?	1
it looks like a day when the sun is hidden .	1
well .	1
why are you here ?	1
if he asks to see me ,  tell him i’m sick and went to bed .	1
what’s that ?	1
your love says ,  like an honorable gentleman ,  who is courteous ,  kind ,  handsome ,  and ,  i believe ,  virtuous— where is your mother ?	1
with whom ?	1
he took me by the wrist, and held me hard, then he went to the length of his whole arm, and with his other hand like this over his brow, he started such study of my face as though he wanted to draw it.	1
no, not tonight.	1
it shall be seven ere i go to horse .	1
i’ll be patient when the sea is patient .	1
he had a fever when he was in spain, and, when the fit was on him, i noticed how he shook.	1
arms ,  take your last embrace !	1
how do you, madam?	1
nor i .  i would not there reside to put my father in impatient thoughts by being in his eye .	1
out upon you!	1
ay ,  with a heart as willing as bondage e'er of freedom: here's my hand .	1
nay ,  gentlemen ,  prepare not to be gone .	1
let music sound while he doth make his choice .	1
not a hair perished; on their sustaining garments not a blemish, but fresher than before; and as thou bad'st me, in troops i have dispersed them ’bout the isle.	1
something sure of state, either from venice or some unhatch'd practice made demonstrable here in cyprus to him, hath puddled his clear spirit; and in such cases men's natures wrangle with inferior things, though great ones are their object.	1
othello ,  i’ve been seriously hurt .	1
go to him ,  dolabella ,  bid him yield .	1
bid them come near .	1
alas, alas!	1
are we turn'd turks, and to ourselves do that which heaven hath forbid the ottomites?	1
i your servant .	1
if this deed were done when it is done ,  then it would be better if it were done quickly .	1
shylock is my name .	1
good madam ,  keep yourself within yourself .	1
tell me about it quickly, so that i, with wings as swift as meditation or the thoughts of love, may rush to my revenge.	1
i’ll be your wife if you’ll have me .	1
his beard was grizzly, no?	1
where art thou ,  pindarus ?	1
calm down .	1
griefs of mine own lie heavy in my breast, which thou wilt propagate, to have it prest with more of thine.	1
why ?	1
hamlet !	1
never so rich a gem was set in worse than gold .	1
in two months—a month before this loan is due—i expect to earn more than three times that much from my investments .	1
who does beguile you ?	1
stay not to question, for the watch is coming.	1
have you heard any suggestion to the contrary ?	1
o, i’m very much afraid that some evil, unlucky thing has happened.	1
my husband is dead .	1
it is too rough ,  too rude ,  too boisterous ,  and it pricks like thorn .	1
now i have taken heart thou vanishest .	1
my ever gentle cousin, welcome hither.	1
women grow by men.	1
i will not speak with her .	1
what is this that rises like the heirs of a king, and wears upon his baby brow the golden crown of a king?	1
so please my lord the duke, and all the court to quit the fine for one half of his goods; i am content, so he will let me have the other half in use, to render it, upon his death, unto the gentleman that lately stole his daughter; two things provided more,—that for this favour, he presently become a christian; the other, that he do record a gift, here in the court, of all he dies possess'd, unto his son lorenzo and his daughter.	1
o, speak again, bright angel!	1
but life ,  being weary of these worldly bars ,  never lacks power to dismiss itself .	1
no .	1
one of my friends traveled with him ,  who ,  almost dead for breath ,  had scarcely more breath to deliver his message .	1
he has come to kill my heart .	1
a noble prisoner!	1
we'll burn his body in the holy place and with the brands fire the traitors' houses .	1
yours ,  if we’re talking about  i’m leaving .	1
it is not needed yet.	1
come ,  be a man .	1
what a three times two ass i was ,  to take this drunkard for a god ,  and worship this dull fool !	1
tunis was never graced before with such a paragon to their queen.	1
it is not for your health thus to commit your weak condition to the raw cold morning.	1
she’ll die for it . —eros ,  ho !	1
you are a good chorus, my lord.	1
if i see anything tonight that convinces me not to marry her ,  i’ll shame her tomorrow in the very congregation where i would have married her .	1
have you a soul or sense ?	1
why ,  there’s no remedy .	1
farewell .	1
thou seest these lovers seek a place to fight .	1
and she goes down at twelve .	1
madam ?	1
where are they ?	1
did he receive you well?	1
yes ,  but no doctor can help me .	1
signior baptista ,  you are happily met . — sir ,  this is the gentleman i told you of .	1
will you meet me right away at ninny’s grave ?	1
to alonso] sir,— [to alonso] sir,— [to antonio] one: tell.	1
are you begging ,  brother ?	1
that  “ banishèd ,  ”  that one word  “ banishèd ”  hath slain ten thousand tybalts .	1
enough .	1
trust me, sweet, out of this silence, i still picked out a welcome; and in the modesty of fearful duty, i can understand as much as if it were from the rattling tongue of saucy and audacious eloquence.	1
ay ,  sir .	1
i'll after that same villain ,  for 'tis a damned slave .	1
but though they jump not on a just account— as in these cases ,  where the aim reports 'tis oft with difference—yet do they all confirm a turkish fleet ,  and bearing up to cyprus .	1
an i might live to see thee married once ,  i have my wish .	1
how say you by this change ?	1
gentlemen ,  for shame !	1
why ?	1
even such delight among fresh fennel buds shall you this night inherit at my house .	1
let four captains bear hamlet like a soldier to the stage; for he was likely ,  had he been put on ,  to have proved most royal; and ,  for his passage ,  the soldiers' music and the rites of war speak loudly for him .	1
so i hope, i was not born to die on brutus' sword.	1
i was a reasonable man ,  then i became a fool ,  and finally a beast !	1
poor harry of england !	1
it is no hidden virtue in him .	1
no one passing by ?	1
my daughter !	1
none of noble sort would so offend a virgin ,  and extort a poor soul's patience ,  all to make you sport .	1
o ,  what a thoughtless and bloody deed this is !	1
a kinder gentleman treads not the earth.	1
yet what can it when one can not repent ?	1
i must take out the work ?	1
not ever heard ,  or ever suspected .	1
they are in the very wrath of love ,  and they will together .	1
give my regards to your daughter .	1
i swear to god you’re accusing me wrongly !	1
you do love my lord .	1
hail to your lordship!	1
her husband ,  knave .	1
who would be jealous ,  then ,  of such a one ?	1
o lord, i could have stay'd here all the night to hear good counsel.	1
here’s that ,  i warrant you ,  will pay them all .	1
tell me ,  just to be sure ,  even though i'll swear that i know your voice .	1
no .	1
words without thoughts never go to heaven .	1
o, woe is me, to have seen the man i have seen, see the man i see!	1
what captain do you serve ?	1
oh righteous god ,  how can i thank you enough that this meat - eating mutt preys on his mother’s children and forces her to join others in their grief !	1
think ,  my lord ?  ”  alas ,  thou echo’st me as if there were some monster in thy thought too hideous to be shown .	1
talk about your serious speech over a gossip's bowl ,  because we don’t need it here !  .	1
god pardon him!	1
nurse?	1
there is none of my uncle’s marks upon you .	1
what miserable praise have you for her that's ugly and foolish ?	1
where should othello go?	1
and then, sir, ask if he does this, does he--what was i about to say?	1
now he’ll sit under a medlar tree, and wish his mistress were that kind of fruit as maids call medlars when they laugh alone.	1
you durst not so have tempted him .	1
come ,  go .	1
i’ll take it over to the pile .	1
as far, my lord, as will fill up the time between this meeting and supper.	1
ill will never prompted anything well said .	1
i prithee ,  boy ,  run to the senate house .	1
plucking the entrails of an offering forth ,  they could not find a heart within the beast .	1
i don’t wish that on you .	1
say that i slew them not .	1
he taught me how to recognize a man in love ,  and you’re not a prisoner of love ,  i’m sure .	1
even if he were as important a man as the devil—as lucifer or beelzebub himself—he’s required ,  see ,  your grace ,  to keep his vow .	1
this was a way to thrive, and he was blest; and good luck is blessing, if men don’t steal it.	1
sir ,  octavius is already come to rome .	1
the folly of this island .	1
tyrants themselves wept when it was reported .	1
i am .	1
but how can you say that ,  when the king himself says you’re the heir to the danish throne ?	1
i did not .	1
that's one of them.	1
the servants of capulet ,  and your servants ,  were fighting before i got there .	1
stephano is my name; and i bring word my mistress will before the break of day be here at belmont; she doth stray about by holy crosses, where she kneels and prays for happy wedlock hours.	1
the stupidest man of these dim country-folk who acted pyramus in their rehearsal, exited from his scene and entered in a bunch of bushes, when i took advantage of him and i fixed donkey's head on his head.	1
take me to the edge of it ,  and i’ll reward all your troubles with something valuable .	1
oh ,  please ,  i’m begging you ,  don’t mention him again .	1
not a soul but felt a fever of the mad and played some tricks of desperation.	1
your statue spouting blood in many pipes, 90 in which so many smiling romans bathed, signifies that from you great rome shall suck reviving blood, and that great men shall press for tinctures, stains, relics, and cognizance.	1
heaven preserve you !	1
hail .	1
if i find a hole in his coat ,  i will tell him my mind .	1
they will steal anything and call it spoils .	1
o, that's an honest fellow.	1
call out my household servants .	1
edmund ,  you deserve me to be your woman .	1
really ,  my lord ,  why are you so excessively sad ?	1
jailer ,  look to him .	1
oh my god ,  what a terrible world this is !	1
serious vanity !	1
nor i ,  my lord ,  in faith .	1
i had forgot—three months .	1
let every man be master of his time till seven at night .	1
then ’tis he: the rest that are within the note of expectation already are i’ the court .	1
royal queen !	1
now ,  i prithee ,  daughter ,  do not make me mad .	1
those are the raised father and his friends .	1
write down  “ master gentleman conrade .  ” —masters ,  do you serve god ?	1
here are forty ducats .	1
go down ,  because you must be carry my torch .	1
yes, or drinking, fencing, swearing, quarrelling, prostitution.	1
not in my husband’s nose .	1
old i do wax ,  and from my weary limbs honor is cudgeled .	1
no ,  you monstrous hags ,  i’ll get revenge on you both that will make the whole world… i will do such things—i don’t know what i’ll do exactly ,  but it’ll be devastating .	1
o ,  know ,  my name is lost .	1
none, but that ugly treason of mistrust, which makes me fear the enjoying of my love: there may as well be amity and life 'tween snow and fire, as treason and my love.	1
caliban ,  who now serves me .	1
i knew that would be your answer .	1
if this letter falls into your hands ,  think carefully about what it says .	1
why, your lieutenant, cassio.	1
well then ,  now .	1
o heavy burden!	1
i don’t like fair terms and a villain's mind .	1
but ,  gentle heavens ,  cut short all intermission .	1
just give me a torch .	1
the temple-haunting martlet, this bird of summer, approves this place by his loved dwelling places, that heaven's breath smells wooingly here.	1
they stumble that run fast .	1
i can stand well enough ,  and i can speak just fine .	1
cassio!	1
read the will!	1
alas, how is't with you, that you do bend your eye on vacancy, and with the incorporal air do hold discourse?	1
drunk ?	1
oh ,  what evil !	1
i mean ,  she is the list of my voyage .	1
what villains have done this?	1
we are in god’s hand ,  brother ,  not in theirs .	1
is that the man ?	1
we’ll have supper in the morning .	1
i must be idle .	1
be thou my witness that ,  against my will ,  as pompey was ,  am i compell'd to set upon one battle all our liberties .	1
where be these bloody thieves ?	1
what's his weapon?	1
by heaven ,  i rather would have been his hangman .	1
heaven help us !	1
here comes the herald of the french ,  my liege .	1
we must tie them up and leave them in some dark room .	1
in a minute, in a minute!	1
i don’t like it .	1
the messengers from our sister and the king .	1
if she come in ,  she'll sure speak to my wife .	1
what a spoiled little brat .	1
i rest much bounden to you .	1
that same villain romeo .	1
our hostess keeps her state, but in best time we will require her welcome.	1
come, desdemona, once more happily brought to cyprus.	1
no .	1
one.	1
well ,  old man ,  i will tell you news of your son .	1
listen ,  dardanius .	1
romeo ,  throw your name away; and for that name ,  which isn’t part of you ,  take all of me .	1
buzz, buzz!	1
sir ,  he should have as many as caesar has .	1
but why ,  why ,  why ?	1
thou told’st me they were stol'n unto this wood .	1
go ,  go ,  good countrymen ,  and for this fault ,  assemble all the poor men of your sort ,  draw them to tiber banks ,  and weep your tears into the channel till the lowest stream do kiss the most exalted shores of all .	1
ay ,  and briefly .	1
good night ,  lord brutus .	1
to move is to stir ,  and to be valiant is to stand .	1
you piece of filth ,  you’re lying !	1
the inherited estate !	1
the gallows-maker, for that frame outlives a thousand tenants.	1
sister ,  i have a lot to say about things that concern us both .	1
then the window lets day in ,  and life goes out the window .	1
so will i .	1
you must take your chance; and either not attempt to choose at all ,  or swear ,  before you choose , —if you choose wrong ,  never to speak to lady afterward in way of marriage; therefore be advis'd .	1
she has spoken what she should not, i am sure of that.	1
speak plainly .	1
do what he says ,  william .	1
didn’t you hear someone shouting ?	1
tell him my fury shall abate ,  and i the crowns will take .	1
found you no displeasure in him by word or countenance ?	1
what did you enact?	1
now he’ll work himself up to a fury .	1
she says something ,  sir ,  but i will not repeat it to you .	1
come ,  come ,  you froward and unable worms !	1
i could do more to do antonius good ,  but ’twould offend him ,  and in his offense should my performance perish .	1
for taking one’s part that’s out of favor .	1
he said he did—i don’t know .	1
lorenzo, certain; and my love, indeed; for who love i so much?	1
yes ,  it’s william ,  sir .	1
a kind good night to all!	1
then we’ll see that tomorrow night .	1
i can tell you ,  but young romeo will be older when you have found him than he was when you sought him .	1
i am bound to you forever.	1
and i’ve built two chapels where solemn priests sing continually for richard’s soul .	1
chill not let go ,  zir ,  without vurther 'casion .	1
we all must die ,  messala .	1
let’s get out of here !	1
never ,  my lord .	1
nay ,  then i must have an ounce or two of this malapert blood from you .	1
mark antony, here, take caesar's body.	1
his name's gonzago.	1
at mine unworthiness ,  that dare not offer what i desire to give ,  and much less take what i shall die to want .	1
i’ve been dishonored: i arranged for a friend of mine to marry a common whore .	1
i will settle this matter .	1
o sweet bully bottom !	1
go pinch your cheeks and bring some color back into your face ,  you cowardly boy .	1
why ,  if thou never wast at court ,  thou never saw’st good manners; if thou never saw’st good manners ,  then thy manners must be wicked ,  and wickedness is sin ,  and sin is damnation .	1
alas ,  poor ghost !	1
saints do not move ,  though they do grant favors for prayers' sake .	1
do you have any doubts ,  antonio ?	1
could he dig without arms ?	1
who is it in the press that calls on me ?	1
come with me .	1
he’ll fright you up ,  i' faith .	1
soft stillness and the night become the touches of sweet harmony .	1
oh ,  my son ,  my son !	1
hail, brave friend!	1
you are an honest man .	1
come ,  my spade .	1
go to ,  thou art made ,  if thou desirest to be so— ”  am i made ?	1
show .	1
if you’re the ones setting my daughters against me ,  don’t let me be foolish enough to take it lying down .	1
oh that i knew this husband ,  which ,  you say ,  must charge his horns with garlands !	1
i will do any thing ,  nerissa ,  ere i’ll be married to a sponge .	1
but howsoe'er you have been jostled from your senses, know for certain that i am prospero, and that very duke which was thrust forth of milan, who most strangely upon this shore, where you were wrecked, was landed to be the lord on't.	1
thank you ,  sir .	1
melt egypt into nile ,  and kindly creatures turn all to serpents .	1
now we wear the wreaths of victory on our heads .	1
what ,  with the case of eyes ?	1
if thou say so ,  villain ,  thou kill’st thy mistress .	1
but my revenge will come .	1
a strange fish!	1
thou wouldst else have made thy tale large .	1
why didn’t they destroy us then and there ?	1
pray you avoid it .	1
come, prepare!	1
is it a free visit ?	1
from this time such i account thy love .	1
send for the county .	1
you’ve got it .	1
was this ambition ?	1
woo’t fight ?	1
but jealous souls will not be answered that way; they are not ever jealous for a reason ,  but jealous because they are jealous .	1
my dearest relative ,  i’m begging you ,  pull yourself together .	1
no ,  it is not possible you should love the enemy of france ,  kate .	1
she is indeed perfection .	1
it’s suppertime ,  my lord .	1
tis certain there’s not a boy left alive ,  and the cowardly rascals that ran from the battle ha' done this slaughter .	1
should we see what he thinks ?	1
it is the cause.	1
if you leave me like this ,  you’re doing me wrong .	1
who’s there ?	1
now ,  among this flock of drunkards ,  i am make our cassio do some action that may offend the isle .	1
now ,  by my sword—                                              and target .	1
oh yes ,  my lord .	1
kill claudio .	1
where ?	1
this is no time to play.	1
i'll be your foil, laertes.	1
this is thy negligence .	1
you’re right .	1
i’ll have you whipped with wire and soaked in brine like a pickle ,  making your pain linger .	1
hark!	1
it is a very excited flood; i cannot ,  between the sky and the land ,  see a sail .	1
listen to me ,  good brother .	1
give welcome to my friend .	1
when it’s paid ,  bring your friend back .	1
excellent.	1
that big ship over there looks no bigger	1
you go and talk to the duke so he won’t notice i’m helping the king .	1
oh ,  and then at the very next turn ,  don’t turn left or right ,  but turn down and around to the jew’s house .	1
tonight we’ll have dinner .	1
therefore ’tis certain he was not ambitious .	1
i will the banner from a trumpet take and use it for my haste .	1
if i do find him fit ,  i'll ask for your favor ,  and try to get it done the best way i can .	1
o my heart !	1
i'll show you the best springs; i'll pluck you berries; i'll fish for you, and get you enough wood.	1
she says you have some goodly jest in hand .	1
if brutus will guarantee that antony may safely come to him and is ready to tell how caesar deserved to die ,  mark antony shall love brutus living better than caesar dead ,  and will follow the fortunes and affairs of noble brutus with all true faith thorough the hazards of this unconquered state .	1
virginity makes her look sick and green .	1
oh ,  she’s so witty and creative !	1
with what i get ,  i mean; and so do they .	1
god defend me from these two!	1
i’ll look to like if looking liking move .	1
i know it .	1
go thither ,  and with unattainted eye compare her face with some that i shall show ,  and i will make thee think thy swan a crow .	1
for mine own part—no offense to the general, nor any man of quality—i hope to be saved.	1
forgive me, i beg you!	1
very pale ,  sir .	1
now ,  by my maidenhead at twelve year old i bade her come .	1
no ,  i have a commitment .	1
mr .  fabian ,  stay with this gentleman until i come back .	1
good night ,  mother .	1
it’s my best option: i can’t afford to lose forty ducats .	1
make haste .	1
a soothsayer bids you beware the ides of march .	1
weary se'nnights nine times nine shall he dwindle, peak, and pine; though his bark cannot be lost, yet it shall be tempest-tost.	1
how are you ,  my noble lord ?	1
to alonso] i would with such perfection govern ,  sir ,  [to alonso] i would with such perfection govern ,  sir ,  t'excel the golden age .	1
what have i done, that you dare scream at me so loudly and rudely?	1
you are too hot .	1
do but look up .	1
you and your servant are very funny ,  sir .	1
if you dare to fight today, come to the field; if not, come when you’ve got stomachs.	1
cure her of that .	1
sure, he that made us with such large discourse, looking before and after, gave us not that capability and godlike reason to fust in us unused.	1
i’ll let you know my answer shortly .	1
i hid me under the dead mooncalf’s gaberdine for fear of the storm .	1
believe me, i cannot.	1
i’m afraid i wrong the honorable men whose daggers have stabbed caesar; i really do fear it .	1
thank you very much .	1
if thou be'st valiant—as they say base men being in love have then a nobility in their natures more than is native to them—list me .	1
when was it she last walked?	1
if ’twere no other— 'tis but so ,  i warrant .	1
the second cock hath crowed .	1
what ,  will these hands never be clean ?	1
when should the three of us meet again ?	1
make me a willow cabin at your gate and call upon my soul within the house .	1
hold off your compliments for awhile and pay attention ,  until i may deliver ,  with the witness of these gentlemen ,  something marvelous to you .	1
you cannot ,  sir ,  take from me anything that i will more willingly part withal—except my life ,  except my life ,  except my life .	1
we’re searching on land ,  but he’s lost in the sea .	1
i’ve heard too much already ,  because your words and actions don’t agree with each other .	1
it’s too bad .	1
no ,  you shall pardon me .	1
what do you say, hugh rebeck?	1
no, my good lord.	1
and if you wrong us, shouldn’t we seek revenge?	1
why do you speak to me ?	1
o villain, villain, smiling, damned villain!	1
and so she doth ,  cousin .	1
no, my good lord.	1
if mortuaries and our graves must send those that we bury back ,  our tombs shall be the stomachs of birds .	1
there lies your way .	1
i’m not scared of you .	1
what a blunt fellow he’s turned out to be!	1
look to the lady.	1
there is no fear in him .	1
and i’ll still stay ,  to have thee still forget ,  forgetting any other home but this .	1
utter your gravity o'er a gossip’s bowl ,  for here we need it not .	1
when we were boys, who would believe that there were mountaineers dewlapped like bulls, whose throats had hanging at ’em wallets of flesh?	1
monday ,  my lord .	1
the prince will give you the death penalty if you get caught .	1
listen, but speak not to't.	1
my lord of warwick ,  here is ,  praised be god for it ,  a most contagious treason come to light ,  look you ,  as you shall desire in a summer’s day .	1
go to ,  you are not ,  cassius .	1
are you sure that we are awake ?	1
these injuries the king now bears will be revenged home .	1
you shall close prisoner rest till that the nature of your fault be known to the venetian state . —come ,  bring him away .	1
than my lord hastings no man might be bolder .	1
then senseless priam, seeming to feel this blow, flaming at his top stoops to his base, and, with a hideous crash, cuts off prisoner pyrrhus' ear.	1
haven’t you read ,  roderigo ,  of some such thing ?	1
hear his speech but say thou nought .	1
why ,  our troops amount to three times that .	1
tender yourself more dearly ,  or—not to crack the wind of the poor phrase ,  running it thus—you'll tender me a fool .	1
fear comes upon me.	1
i was bound to him an hour ago ,  sir ,  but thankfully he chewed through our ropes .	1
farewell ,  and if my fortune be not crost ,  i have a father ,  you a daughter ,  lost .	1
phoebe wrote it .	1
where be thy brothers ?	1
now, among this flock of drunkards, i am make our cassio do some action that may offend the isle.	1
seven days and nights ?	1
well struck !	1
i’ll agree to those terms and even say that jews are nice .	1
you pay him then .	1
no ,  if you struggle with me— just half an hour !	1
yet more quarrelling with purpose !	1
therefore my son i' th' ooze is bedded ,  and i’ll seek him deeper than e'er plummet sounded and with him there lie mudded .	1
for your desire to know what is between us o'ermaster't as you may.	1
my plans are almost at their climax .	1
really ,  i had no intention of going for my sword .	1
oh ho !	1
it does ,  my boy .	1
oh ,  really ?	1
the abuse of greatness is when it disjoins remorse from power, and, to speak truth of caesar, i have not known when his affections sway'd more than his reason.	1
give him this ,  and tell him keep it better than the other one .	1
shall we go seek benedick and tell him of her love ?	1
none that i more love than myself .	1
he’s a very dishonest ,  puny boy ,  and more cowardly than a rabbit .	1
therefore farewell .	1
tis a good hand ,  a frank one .	1
a grandam’s name is little less in love than is the doting title of a mother .	1
where are the vile beginners of this fray ?	1
down with the topmast !	1
what, is he dead?	1
what beast was't then that made you break this enterprise to me?	1
but there's no heed to be taken of them; if caesar had stabbed their mothers, they would have done no less.	1
i am the king himself .	1
damned fact !	1
where is our usual manager of mirth ?	1
madam, i go with all convenient speed.	1
mine would ,  sir ,  were i human .	1
that was a poor unlucky beggar .	1
some grief shows much of love; but much of grief shows still some want of wit.	1
conduct me to mine host .	1
why ,  how now ,  hamlet ?	1
what looks like a horse is quick as thought disfigured by the wind ,  made as difficult to distinguish as water poured into water .	1
in my ignorance ,  your skill shall ,  like a star in the darkest night ,  be shown to its fiery advantage indeed .	1
and yet i wish but for the thing i have .	1
know him i shall ,  i am well sure of it .	1
i want to vomit.	1
for mercy’s sake !	1
rubbish!	1
but let me hear the letter of your friend .	1
how doth my lady?	1
let’s hear someone play the triangle and the sticks .	1
may i speak with antonio?	1
and so— ?	1
condemned villain ,  i arrest you .	1
should i go to church, and see the holy edifice of stone, and not bethink me straight of dangerous rocks, which, touching but my gentle vessel's side, would scatter all her spices on the stream, enrobe the roaring waters with my silks, and, in a word, but even now worth this, and now worth nothing?	1
here .	1
more wonderful ,  when angels are so angry .	1
just the same ,  i'll hide close by .	1
i do beg you, sir, trouble yourself no further.	1
have you killed tybalt ?	1
never come such division 'tween our souls !	1
bid her devise some means to come to shrift this afternoon; and there she shall at friar laurence’ cell be shriv'd and married .	1
how are you ,  soldier ?	1
i will show myself a tyrant .	1
a good and virtuous nature may recoil in an imperial charge .	1
get you hence, sirrah; saucy fellow, hence!	1
alas, my lord, what do you mean by that?	1
my niece olivia will notice ,  and let me tell you ,  no matchmaker in the world can get you a woman faster than a reputation for courage .	1
liberty !	1
are you riding far?	1
i have heard more since .	1
with the help of a surgeon he might yet recover and yet prove an ass.	1
no ,  don’t even mention him .	1
i’ll stay in messina until you’re married ,  and then i’ll go to aragon .	1
so says my master antony .	1
question enrages him .	1
then ,  at my farm i have a hundred milch - kine to the pail ,  six score fat oxen standing in my stalls ,  and all things answerable to this portion .	1
why ,  as a woodcock to mine own springe ,  osric .	1
i said so when first i raised the storm .	1
your songs?	1
don’t saints and holy pilgrims have lips too?	1
why ,  no .	1
she’s beautiful ,  if my eyes can see .	1
i am sick in displeasure to him ,  and whatsoever comes athwart his affection ranges evenly with mine .	1
we will .	1
sir ,  i believe this piece of trash ,  bianca ,  has something to do with all this trouble . —hang in there ,  cassio . —come here ,  bring the light .	1
where did i leave ?	1
are you down in the dumps ?	1
o prince!	1
what time of the day is it ?	1
prithee ,  say true .	1
most rightful judge !	1
here come two noble beasts in ,  a man and a lion .	1
is't far you ride ?	1
why ,  thou didst conclude hairy men plain dealers without wit .	1
nothing but death shall stop me .	1
and then, of so gentle a condition!	1
was not that nobly done?	1
i’ve gotten it dirty—ashes to ashes ,  and dust to dust .	1
bear me ,  good friends ,  where cleopatra bides .	1
here's one comes in his shirt, with light and weapons.	1
it is the bright day that brings forth the adder and that craves wary walking .	1
good ursula ,  wake my cousin beatrice and desire her to rise .	1
peace ,  peace !	1
you know where i live .	1
oh ,  just see what happens after the pageantry is over !	1
unkindness may do much ,  and his unkindness may defeat my life ,  but never taint my love .	1
now ,  you tanned fieldworkers who are so tired of august’s labors ,  get out of the dirt and come rejoice with us here .	1
we are blest that rome is rid of him .	1
no ,  my dearest love ,  i would not for the world .	1
that rotten scoundrel !	1
this is most brave, that i, the son of a dear father murdered, prompted to my revenge by heaven and hell, must, like a whore, release the content of my heart with words, and fall down cursing like a very drab, menial servant in the kitchen!	1
what should i say, sweet lady?	1
most unholy murder has broken open the lord's anointed temple, and then stolen the life of the building.	1
you’re coming here yourself to see the dreaded act you had tried to stop .	1
if that’s true ,  it’s a serious fault ,  and caesar has paid seriously for it .	1
i’ll show you where to get fresh water .	1
would they had stay'd !	1
for the most part ,  too ,  they are foolish that are so .	1
believe me ,  love ,  it was the nightingale .	1
yes ,  my master .	1
i’ll drink later .	1
no ,  my most wrongèd sister .	1
horatio ,  thou art e'en as just a man as e'er my conversation coped withal .	1
who calls me villain ?	1
before i learn how to love ,  i’ll learn how to follow orders .	1
then wherefore should i doubt ?	1
my leisure serves me, pensive daughter, now.	1
that were a kind of bastard hope indeed .	1
thy substance ,  valued at the highest rate ,  cannot amount unto a hundred marks; therefore by law thou art condemned to die .	1
conscience and grace, to the profoundest pit!	1
good my lord ,  what is your cause of distemper ?	1
his words are like poison to me .	1
he misses not much .	1
how chance moonshine is gone before thisbe comes back and finds her lover?	1
don’t i tell you in the clearest terms that i do not and cannot love you ?	1
no, not an oath.	1
seal up the mouth of outrage for a while, till we can clear these ambiguities and know their spring, their head, their true descent; and then will i be general of your woes and lead you even to death.	1
dearly, my delicate ariel.	1
where is he ?	1
peter quince— what do you say ,  bully bottom ?	1
what handkerchief ?	1
i beg you, leave me alone.	1
yes, by heaven!	1
myself will straight aboard, and to the state this heavy act with heavy heart relate.	1
sir topas ,  sir topas !	1
you swore to me when i did give it you that you would wear it till your hour of death ,  and that it should lie with you in your grave .	1
what are you?	1
their names are marked .	1
no .	1
we'll hear it, antony; you shall read us the will,—caesar's will!	1
oh, will you, a dark-natured man, leave me?	1
so is lysander .	1
aside] their understanding [aside] their understanding begins to swell, and the approaching tide will shortly fill the reasonable shore that now lie foul and muddy.	1
eyes ,  look your last .	1
i gave her such a one; 'twas my first gift.	1
clarence has arrived—lying ,  cowardly  i’m not surprised it scared you ,  my lord .	1
the tyrant custom ,  most grave senators ,  hath made the flinty and steel couch of war my thrice driven bed of down .	1
think you to walk forth ?	1
nor what i have done by water .	1
explain ,  boy .	1
fare you well .	1
now ,  i’ll begin: first ,  we came down a steep hill ,  my master riding behind my mistress— both on one horse ?	1
trail’st thou the puissant pike ?	1
iago, look carefully about the town, and silence those whom this vile brawl has upset.	1
o ,  help him ,  you sweet heavens !	1
what other bond than secret romans that have spoke the word and will not palter ?	1
if you are prospero ,  give us details of how you were saved; how you have met us here ,  who were wrecked on this shore three hours ago ,  where i have lost , — how sharp the point of this memory is ! — my dear son ferdinand .	1
i remember he’s already occupied .	1
you will be less than macbeth, and much greater.	1
who’s there ?	1
leave her to heaven ,  and to those thorns that in her bosom lodge to prick and sting her .	1
goodbye ,  helena .	1
i would have him nine years a - killing .	1
sir ,  go you in; and ,  madam ,  go with him; and go ,  sir paris .	1
who are you ,  moaning in the hut like that ?	1
no ,  madam ,  i do but read madness .	1
o heavenly powers ,  restore him !	1
maybe until after theseus' wedding - day .	1
all is the fear and nothing is the love ,  as little is the wisdom ,  where the flight so runs against all reason .	1
she durst not lie near this lack - love ,  this kill - courtesy .	1
wasn’t he here ?	1
i guess not—for good reason ,  as you’ll soon hear .	1
this foul egyptian hath betrayèd me .	1
only be patient till we have appeased the multitude ,  beside themselves with fear ,  and then we will deliver you the cause ,  why i ,  that did love caesar when i struck him ,  have thus proceeded .	1
that is a mistake .	1
come ,  come ,  how you talk .	1
who will bear the guilt for our great slaughter ?	1
what makes you say that ?	1
this speech of yours hath moved me ,  and shall perchance do good .	1
the poor rude world doesn’t have her equal .	1
how does she claim to own you ?	1
ay ,  ay .	1
make me not offended in your distrust .	1
what can i do for you ,  sir ?	1
see whether they’ll really do what you suggested; their guilt made them vanish in silence .	1
no, nor mine now.	1
quickly ,  hurry ,  hurry .	1
and a goose for his discretion .	1
whew !	1
an you lie ,  sirrah ,  we’ll have you whipped .	1
you all do know this mantle .	1
a drum ,  a drum !	1
have you not set lysander ,  as in scorn ,  to follow me ,  and praise my eyes and face ?	1
where’s your father ?	1
do you hear me, old friend?	1
very well .	1
well ,  let him go .	1
conception is a blessing ,  but not as your daughter may conceive .	1
she was filthy !	1
on ,  lusty gentlemen !	1
if i may trust the flattering truth of sleep, my dreams presage some joyful news at hand.	1
good night, good night.	1
well then, another prologue must say that he is not really a lion.	1
if you’ve got any music that can’t be heard ,  then play that .	1
i will go call the watch .	1
traverse ,  go ,  provide thy money .	1
go prick your face and hide your fear in a red face ,  you lily - livered boy .	1
don’t go back until i’ve carried the corpse into the marketplace .	1
what is the matter?	1
leaving you is a thousand times worse than being near you .	1
have you got permission to go to confession today ?	1
an i had been a man of any occupation ,  if i would not have taken him at a word ,  i would i might go to hell among the rogues .	1
o that she knew she were !	1
what wilt thou do for her ?	1
still fight you and embed your lies back in your hellish heart . —trumpets ,  blow !	1
the villany you teach me i will execute; and it shall go hard but i will better the instruction .	1
yes ,  sir ,  i’m here .	1
yes ,  indeed they are .	1
portia, go in awhile, and by and by, your heart shall hear the secrets of my heart.	1
i think if we had fought ,  we would have proven too young and strong for them after all .	1
he would have deserved it .	1
therefore be merry ,  cassio ,  for thy solicitor shall rather die than give thy cause away .	1
why do you storm so?	1
not this hour ,  lieutenant; 'tis not yet ten o' the clock .	1
when devils will the blackest sins put on they do suggest at first with heavenly shows as i do now .	1
a tomb must cover thy sweet eyes.	1
and we mean well ,  in going to this mask; but 'tis no wit to go .	1
fetch me my rapier, boy.	1
will you to scone ?	1
where are my good fellows ?	1
he says his name’s poor tom .	1
yes ,  my lord .	1
indeed ,  he hath an excellent good name .	1
yes ,  my lady .	1
laertes ,  you shall hear them .	1
cassio hath here been set on in the dark by roderigo and fellows that are ’scaped .	1
portia is dead.	1
right ,  as snow in harvest .	1
my name, dear saint, is hateful to myself, because it is an enemy to thee.	1
can you hear me ?	1
she is to enter now ,  and i am to spy her through the wall .	1
well ,  well ,  put up your sword .	1
stand farther away.—come on, continue.	1
i mean, sir, for his weapon, but in the imputation laid on him by them, in his skill, he has no equal.	1
let it end ,  or let me die so i won’t have to watch any more of it .	1
marry ,  sir ,  nose - painting ,  sleep ,  and urine .	1
and i believe—unless this brain of mine is not so politically cunning as it used to be—that i’ve found out why hamlet’s gone crazy .	1
i shifted him away, and laid good ‘scuse upon your ecstasy; bade him anon return and here speak with me; the which he promised.	1
when that’s gone ,  he shall drink naught but brine ,  for i’ll not show him where the quick freshes are .	1
he hath lost his fellows, and strays about to find ’em i might call him a thing divine, for nothing natural i ever saw so noble.	1
i don’t speak to disprove what brutus spoke ,  but i’m here to speak what i know .	1
do you know me ,  sir ?	1
take this .	1
know you not he has?	1
have you seen master lorenzo !	1
to make me bless'd, or cursed'st among men.	1
i did, my lord.	1
no ,  not like before .	1
no, my lord, rather with anger.	1
now i see ’tis true; for the blood-bolter'd banquo smiles upon me, and points at them for his.	1
murder!	1
now ,  fellow ,  what have you got there ?	1
go and importune her .	1
what's the news with you ?	1
and friends with caesar .	1
evil villain !	1
our queen is dead too .	1
good luck .	1
so you’d better not stay with him ,  antony .	1
your honor is the reason you are leaving .	1
neighbors ,  hello .	1
mark ,  i say ,  instantly ,  and carry it so as i have set it down .	1
good morrow, noble sir.	1
all right then .	1
what, if my house be troubled with a rat and i be pleas'd to give ten thousand ducats to have it ban'd?	1
for what ?	1
worthy sir ,  greetings !	1
a certain group of educated worms are now biting him.	1
the poison is as sweet as balm ,  as soft as air ,  as gentle—oh ,  antony ! —no ,  i’ll take you too .	1
peace !	1
here's a change indeed!	1
i was enforced to send it after him .	1
i hope, in no place so unsanctified where such as thou mayst find him.	1
o hated potion ,  hence !	1
and these few precepts in thy memory see thou character.	1
go you with me ,  uncle of exeter .	1
i am a spirit of no simple power— the summer still waits for me and i love you.	1
farewell ,  father .	1
no one may be bolder than my lord hastings .	1
would they had stayed .	1
it is my duty, sir.	1
behold ,  i have a weapon; a better never did itself sustain upon a soldier's thigh .	1
hamlet, this deed, for thine especial safety— which we do tender as we dearly grieve for that which thou hast done—must send thee hence with fiery quickness.	1
thou hast served me with much faith .	1
who the hell are you ?	1
there’s still the king of france’s farewell ceremony .	1
what three things does drink especially provoke ?	1
yes ,  why not ,  my lord ?	1
come on ,  let’s all go inside .	1
ay ,  my lord ,  an ’t please you .	1
brother ,  i'll go and bring it to you .	1
the lieutenant is part of the court’s guard tonight .	1
first ,  rehearse your song by rote ,  to each word a warbling note .	1
what do you want ?	1
o notable strumpet !	1
tear him apart for his bad verses ,  tear him apart for his bad verses .	1
only he rides well ,  and his great love of us ,  as sharp as his spur ,  has helped him to get to his home before us .	1
bring a corollary, rather than want a spirit.	1
if hamlet makes the first or second hit ,  or gets back at laertes by making the third hit ,  then let my soldiers give him a military salute .	1
she will beshrew me much that romeo hath had no notice of these accidents; but i will write again to mantua ,  and keep her at my cell till romeo come— poor living corse ,  clos'd in a dead man's tomb !	1
that is done too, sir, only 'cover' is the word.	1
well then ,  tomorrow night ,  or tuesday morning .	1
how 'gree you now ?	1
well ,  let it strike ten then .	1
she’s framed as fruitful as the free elements .	1
life and these lips have long been separated .	1
what ,  my good lord ?	1
what have you done ?	1
i thought that thing you’re talking about was a man .	1
not to be abed after midnight is to be up betimes ,  and  nay ,  my troth ,  i know not .	1
come, give us a taste of your quality.	1
everything that glitters is not gold, often have you heard that told; many a man has sold his life just to look at my outside: gilded tombs wrap around worms.	1
ay, caesar, but not gone.	1
grumio ,  my horse .	1
you shouldn’t talk about him like that !	1
if we look like musicians to you ,  you can expect to hear nothing but noise .	1
i am thy father's spirit, doom'd for a certain term to walk the night, and for the day confined to fast in fires, till the foul crimes done in my days of nature are burnt and purged away.	1
i am not a villain.	1
lead us away from this place: and let's search further for my poor son .	1
to anger him ,  we’ll have the bear again ,  and we will fool him black and blue .	1
none, but a holy hermit, and her maid.	1
even so, lucilius.	1
run away ,  i beg you !	1
if you be gentlemen ,  do me this right: hear me with patience .	1
yes ,  my lord .	1
this is the excellent foppery of the world that when we are sick in fortune—often the surfeit of our own behavior—we make guilty of our disasters the sun ,  the moon ,  and the stars ,  as if we were villains by necessity ,  fools by heavenly compulsion ,  knaves ,  thieves ,  and treachers by spherical predominance ,  drunkards ,  liars ,  and adulterers by an enforced obedience of planetary influence ,  and all that we are evil in by a divine thrusting - on .	1
it would’ve been better for you not to have been born at all than to displease me as you did .	1
oh me !	1
you don’t have a man’s courage .	1
don’t tell me; i don’t like it at all that you ,  iago ,  who has used my purse as if the strings were yours ,  should know about this .	1
what do you want to see ?	1
does he have a good ship?	1
against my will ,  i’ve been told to bring you in to dinner .	1
do you see this ,  o god ?	1
and they have conspired together,—i will not say, you shall see a masque; but if you do, then it was not for nothing that my nose fell a-bleeding on black- monday last, at six o'clock i' the morning, falling out that year on ash-wednesday was four year in the afternoon.	1
alas ,  then she is drown'd ?	1
that’s well spoken .	1
i eat the air, promise-cramm'd.	1
cassius ,  be constant .	1
do not laugh at me ,  for as i am a man ,  i think this lady to be my child cordelia .	1
a happiness that often craziness hits on, which reason and sanity couldn’t arranged so happily.	1
oh ,  just lies ,  sir .	1
i know this act shows horrible and grim.	1
what needed ,  then ,  that terrible dispatch of it into your pocket ?	1
it’s true ,  that wasn’t such a nice thing to do .	1
tis a vile thing to die ,  my gracious lord ,  when men are unprepared and look not for it .	1
my heart is ten times lighter than my looks .	1
if she be fair and wise, fairness and wit, the one's for use, the other useth it.	1
faith, no; as you may season it in the charge.	1
as long as they didn’t do anything ,  it would only be a minor sin .	1
i can’t change your mind?	1
our fortune on the sea is out of breath and sinks most lamentably .	1
thou canst not teach me to forget .	1
we must not .	1
send to his brother .	1
it is no shame .	1
and a true lover of the holy church .	1
messala ,  this is my birthday ,  as this very day was cassius born .	1
what’s this ?	1
haply some poison yet doth hang on them to make me die with a restorative.	1
speak softly .	1
what news ?	1
i beg you all ,  if you have kept this sight secret so far ,  keep your silence still ,  and whatever else shall happen tonight ,  take it in ,  but don’t talk about it .	1
where the devil can this romeo be?	1
here comes antony .	1
then none have i offended .	1
come over here my right side ,  because i am deaf in this ear ,  and tell me what you really think of him .	1
likewise ,  i’m young ,  and my sense of reason has just ripened .	1
come, some music!	1
no ,  madam .	1
let me take my chances .	1
here it is .	1
when valor preys on reason ,  it eats the sword it fights with .	1
i’m coming .	1
if such a one be fit to govern ,  speak .	1
oh ,  i’ve heard him talk about that brother ,  and he described him as the most inhumane man alive .	1
she's not fourteen.	1
i say ‘silver sound’ because musicians sound for silver .	1
what’s the problem that caesar and his senate must fix ?	1
look ,  here come two noble animals ,  a man and a lion .	1
i do ,  in fact .	1
who could refrain, that had a heart to love, and in that heart courage to make his love known?	1
hark !	1
that can i; at least the whisper goes so.	1
the sin upon my head ,  dread sovereign ,  for in the book of numbers is it writ:  “ when the man dies ,  let the inheritance descend unto the daughter .  ”  gracious lord ,  stand for your own ,  unwind your bloody flag ,  look back into your mighty ancestors .	1
good repose the while.	1
dorset has fled to the earl of richmond .	1
sorry ,  sir ,  goodman verges tends to ramble .	1
my industrious servant, ariel!	1
but i know you’d never force me to tell you things i don’t want to ,  so i should be polite and tell you what i can .	1
well then ,  confess and live .	1
you speak like a very thankful and respectful boy ,  and may god bless you .	1
she’s a perfect woman ,  it’s true .	1
you’re giving him a present ?	1
but has catesby gone ?	1
i like the work well.	1
marry ,  sir ,  for this something that you gave me for nothing .	1
it is better to be tricked completely than to only suspect a little .	1
so they are .	1
would i have never married my daughter there!	1
thou hast described a hot friend cooling .	1
what bastard doth not ?	1
your overkindness doth wring tears from me .	1
come, lieutenant, i have a stoup of wine, and here without are a brace of cyprus gallants that would fain have a measure to the health of black othello.	1
who cares for them?	1
you have loved him well; he hasn’t touched you yet.	1
thanks for your pains.	1
tis safer to be that which we destroy than by destruction dwell in doubtful joy .	1
let me see this face .	1
worse and worse .	1
you lie, you shag-haired villain!	1
why is this all wagered, as you call it?	1
there’s been a whole debate on the topic .	1
wasn’t that letter from jessica ?	1
juliet ,  the count is waiting .	1
listen, guildenstern, and you too, with each ear.	1
you are too hot .	1
lo ,  she is one of this confederacy !	1
thou worms' meat in respect of a good piece of flesh ,  indeed .	1
so did i too ,  and he swore he would marry her tonight .	1
tell my servants not to mention that we were gone .	1
how now ,  tubal ?	1
how ?	1
i can as well be hang'd as tell the manner of it .	1
play the kind of music that puts people to sleep .	1
perchance ,  iago ,  i will ne'er go home .	1
i have great comfort from this fellow .	1
i have made it for you .	1
no more.	1
true ,  i talk of dreams; which are the children of an idle brain ,  begot of nothing but vain fantasy; which is as thin of substance as the air ,  and more inconstant than the wind ,  who wooes even now the frozen bosom of the north and ,  being anger'd ,  puffs away from thence ,  turning his face to the dew - dropping south .	1
believe me based on my honor ,  and have respect for my honor ,  so you can believe .	1
take me to octavius .	1
if it will please you to show us so much gentry and good will as to expend your time with us awhile for the supply and profit of our hope, your visitation shall receive such thanks as fits a king's remembrance.	1
now here's another discontented paper, found in his pocket too; and this, it seems, roderigo meant to have sent this damned villain; but that, belike, iago in the interim came in and satisfied him.	1
the swelling disease drown this fool!	1
i do bite my thumb ,  sir .	1
oh ,  this false soul of egypt !	1
care keeps his watch in every old man's eye, and, where care lodges, sleep will never lie; but where a perfect youth with an empty brain rests his limbs, golden sleep reigns there.	1
since nobody knows anything about what he leaves behind ,  then what does it mean to leave early ?	1
no !	1
that is because the traitor murderer lives.	1
our day is gone; clouds ,  dews ,  and dangers come; our deeds are done !	1
upon the heath .	1
from the count orsino ,  is it ?	1
there's comfort yet; they are assailable.	1
fool!	1
begin ,  murderer ,  argh !	1
does she so ?	1
must i watch you ?	1
we have not spoke us yet of torchbearers.	1
think about it carefully .	1
if hamlet gives the first or second hit ,  or quits in answer of the third exchange ,  let all the battlements fire their ammunition ,  the king shall drink to hamlet's better breath ,  and in the cup he shall throw a pearl ,  richer than that which four successive kings have worn in denmark's crown .	1
for this night ,  to bed ,  and dream on the event .	1
who said that i was disdainful ,  and that i got all my best lines out of a bad joke book ?  !	1
very well .	1
let romeo go quickly away from here ,  or else ,  when he is found ,  that hour is his last .	1
confusion now hath made his masterpiece .	1
why—after i have cut the egg i' th' middle and eat up the meat—the two crowns of the egg .	1
speak !	1
no matter ,  since they have left their viands behind ,  for we have stomachs .	1
oh ,  noise ?	1
a pickaxe and a spade, a spade, for and a shrouding sheet; o, a pit of clay for to be made for such a guest is meet.	1
speak ,  claudio ,  that’s your cue .	1
uncomfortable time, why cam'st thou now to murder, murder our solemnity?	1
o weary reckoning!	1
do you think that i’m no stronger than my sex ,  being so fathered and so married ?	1
you do lie in it, to be in it and say it is yours.	1
good .	1
this disease is beyond my practice .	1
draw the curtain straight .	1
and why does lysander deny that he loves you ,  when he loves you so deeply ?	1
all's well.	1
i’m afraid it will  i’d love it .	1
let each man render me his bloody hand.	1
let me endure your wrath ,  if ’t be not so .	1
they probably received warning about how much i stirred up the people .	1
o weary night ,  o long and tedious night ,  abate thy hours .	1
good husband ,  come home soon .	1
just as a town protected by a wall around it is worth more than a low - lying village ,  a married man’s horned forehead is more honorable than a bachelor’s bare forehead .	1
alas ,  good cassio !	1
o wonder!	1
my services that i have done for the signiory shall out - shout his complaints .	1
is ’t like that lead contains her ?	1
moth !	1
grieved i i had but one ?	1
why ,  there was a crown offered him; and ,  being offered him ,  he put it by with the back of his hand ,  thus; and then the people fell a - shouting .	1
o ,  how ripe in show thy lips ,  those kissing cherries ,  tempting grow !	1
i am out of patience .	1
what trouble i was to you then!	1
i beseech you ,  sir ,  pardon me .	1
dorset ,  embrace him . —hastings ,  love lord marquess .	1
do you hear me?	1
it was, so please your highness.	1
i’ll leave you till night.	1
the fool will stay .	1
come ,  wait upon him .	1
not for a second .	1
ay ,  he spoke greek .	1
but yesterday the word of caesar might have stood against the world.	1
wherefore sink you down ?	1
i have said.	1
rest easy in the meantime .	1
you are a council member: if you can command these elements to be silent ,  and make this present storm more peaceful ,  we won’t need to work the ropes anymore .	1
how are you doing ,  brother ?	1
that too .	1
who hath sent thee now ?	1
my children too?	1
that will i ,  should i die the hour after .	1
traverse ,  go ,  provide thy money .	1
i anger her sometimes, and tell her that paris is the more proper man; but i'll guarantee you, when i say so, she looks as pale as any linen in the whole, wide world.	1
by all that’s holy ,  here comes katherina !	1
but it is true,—without any slips of prolixity or crossing the plain highway of talk,—that the good antonio, the honest antonio,—oh, that i had a title good enough to keep his name company!— come, the whole story.	1
plucks off my beard and blows it in my face ?	1
i pray you ,  one of you question yond man ,  if he for gold will give us any food .	1
farewell ,  old man .	1
you are a lover .	1
i think the sun where he was born drew all such humors from him .	1
i'll drink for you.	1
is't true?	1
she is not ,  madam .	1
speak, speak!	1
give me my sin again .	1
what did you say ?	1
gentlemen all, i do suspect this trash to be a party in this injury.	1
what’s the matter ,  think you ?	1
this is as strange a thing as i have ever looked on.	1
what an eye she has !	1
well, you do what’s best.	1
i didn’t have the heart to say no to him .	1
who keeps her company?	1
where should i go ?	1
give me my robe, because i’ll go.	1
what noise ?	1
and do you now cull out a holiday ?	1
since he has the jewel i loved ,  which you swore you’d keep forever ,  i’ll be as generous as you were to him .	1
murder!	1
i say ,  it is not lost .	1
it does, my boy.	1
now, infidel, i have thee on the hip.	1
would you rather caesar were living, and you all die slaves, than that caesar were dead, so you all live freemen?	1
where will you lead me?	1
would you not have me honest ?	1
oh ,  do but think you stand upon the rivage and behold a city on th' inconstant billows dancing ,  for so appears this fleet majestical holding due course to harfleur .	1
would i could answer this comfort with the like !	1
thine evermore ,  most dear lady ,  whilst this machine is to him ,  hamlet .	1
they are from norway ,  sir .	1
and the grace of heaven, before you, behind you, and on every hand, surround you!	1
our separated fortune shall keep us both the safer .	1
lysander i want to stop ,  but hermia stops my heart from beating .	1
you must not go without having a drink first .	1
either to die the death ,  or to abjure for ever the society of men .	1
informed them ”  ?	1
he has deserved it ,  were it carbuncled like holy phoebus’ car .	1
god bless you, sir.	1
you must bear with me .	1
i do not think it good .	1
i'll rather kill myself .	1
if i let him go ,  i’ll have to pay his bail fees myself .	1
do it ,  england ,  for like the hectic in my blood he rages ,  and thou must cure me .	1
he would not take the crown; therefore 'tis certain he was not ambitious .	1
i have none.	1
we have in fact seen better days and been summoned to church by the ringing of the holy bell and sat at good men’s feasts and cried tears of pity—therefore ,  sit down and take whatever will satisfy your needs .	1
these violent delights have violent ends ,  and in their triumph die ,  like fire and powder ,  which ,  as they kiss ,  consume each other .	1
she lies the same way, blubbering and weeping, weeping and blubbering.	1
and who are you ,  good sir ?	1
march gently on to meet him .	1
and so did i.	1
a cup ,  clos'd in my true love's hand ?	1
you do assist the storm .	1
be sure to burn his magic books .	1
don’t  “  yes ,  nurse ,  what about that ?	1
this is a sleepy tune .	1
the most beautiful queen they ever had .	1
some of my shame ,  if you will know of me what man i am ,  and how ,  and why ,  and where this handkercher was stained .	1
beautiful tyrant !	1
as of a man faithful and honourable .	1
fair lovers ,  you are fortunately met; of this discourse we more will hear anon .	1
you are so naked and full of misery and you’re afraid to die?	1
revenge,—go,—find,—burn,—fire,—kill,—slay,— don’t let a traitor live!	1
please ,  look in .	1
let playful people with light hearts dance .	1
if he do resist, subdue him at his peril.	1
i must hence to wait .	1
o ,  behold ,  the riches of the ship is come on shore !	1
in what ,  my dear lord ?	1
very potent, grave, and reverend signiors, my very noble and approved good masters, that i have taken away this old man's daughter, is very true; true, i have married her.	1
or stole it ,  rather .	1
nurse ?	1
suffer love !	1
what is the matter?	1
because he is surely on the island.	1
what should we say her, where our fate, hidden in a very small carpenter’s hole, may rush up and seize us?	1
how came her eyes so bright?	1
i am baron of cawdor .	1
this was the noblest roman of them all .	1
no ,  not for all the world .	1
what does your grace want ?	1
the violet smells to him as it doth to me .	1
what ,  have you lost your wits ?	1
take you assurance of her cum privilegio ad imprimendum solum .	1
a glooming peace this morning with it brings .	1
to ferdinand] one word more; i [to ferdinand] one word more; i charge thee that thou attend me.	1
don’t you know ,  master ,  that some men’s best qualities do them in ?	1
greetings ,  caesar ,  my lord !	1
but fear not yet to take upon you what is yours .	1
gone she is .	1
let me speak proudly: tell the constable we’re only workaday soldiers .	1
to be king in this way is nothing ,  only to be safely king in this way matters .	1
when i told you that i had nothing ,  i should have told you then that i had less than nothing ,  because indeed i have indebted myself to a dear friend ,  indebted my friend to his notorious enemy ,  to feed my needs .	1
mad call i it; for ,  to define true madness ,  what is't but to be nothing else but mad ?	1
there is a crab - apple here .	1
most noble brother ,  you have done me wrong .	1
or at least that’s what i plan to do before i let you go .	1
i also think that there would be hands uplifted in my defense ,  and here ,  from gracious england ,  i have the offer of goodly thousands .	1
sometimes i appeared in many places at once .	1
please don’t scold me .	1
to leave his wife ,  to leave his babes ,  his mansion and his titles in a place from whence himself does fly ?	1
in such a time as this it is not meet that every nice offense should bear his comment .	1
yours ,  yours .	1
ah, well-a-day!	1
upon my honor— then came each actor on his ass—	1
fie ,  for shame !	1
lechery !	1
the moor's abused by some very villainous rogue ,  some base notorious rogue ,  some scurvy fellow .	1
the people between philippi and this field are only our friends because we force them to, because they are unwilling to give us support.	1
he is ,  my lord .	1
hear a little further ,  and then i'll bring thee to the present business which now's upon's; without the which this story were most impertinent .	1
my lord ,  i do .	1
the better for thy friends .	1
give me your hand .	1
is it not hero ?	1
the evil that men do is remembered after their deaths ,  but the good is often buried with them .	1
o ,  that we could come by caesar's spirit then and not dismember caesar !	1
then, i’ll get you, boy!	1
claribel.	1
caesar !	1
what a pretty picture ,  three fools all together .	1
let us hear, sweet bottom.	1
and so he goes to heaven .	1
his soldiers fell to spoil, whilst we by antony are all enclosed.	1
did michael cassio, when you courted my lady, know about your love?	1
the generals would have some words .	1
but now, my lord.	1
tis in ourselves that we are thus or thus .	1
aren’t the playwrights hurting them by making them upstage adult actors ,  which they are going to grow up and become ?	1
you shall have leave .	1
look ,  sir ,  this is a portrait of me as i am at this particular moment .	1
let the doors be shut upon him ,  that he may play the fool no where but in ’s own house .	1
i am your wife, if you will marry me.	1
hope i may choose ,  sir .	1
nay ,  it is .	1
a carrion death, within whose empty eye there is a written scroll?	1
and yet i feel it’s very hot and humid ,  which is bad for my complexion .	1
for the enemy ,  see—and you can explain this to the duke ,  see—has dug its own tunnels four yards below ours .	1
you showed your teeth like apes, and wagged your tails like hounds, and bowed like slaves, kissing caesar's feet; while damned casca, like a wild dog, struck caesar from behind on the neck.	1
i’ll lay fourteen of my teeth—and yet ,  to my teen be it spoken ,  i have but four—she is not fourteen .	1
when i have fought with the men, i will be civil with the maids; i will cut off their heads.	1
i thank my stars i am happy .	1
to tell you where he lodges is to tell you where i lie .	1
sue to him again, and he's yours.	1
god be at your table!	1
why do you need twenty - five knights ,  or ten ,  or even five ,  when you’re staying in a house with a staff of double that at your service ?	1
bondage is hoarse ,  and may not speak aloud ,  else would i tear the cave where echo lies ,  and make her airy tongue more hoarse than mine ,  with repetition of  “ my romeo !  ”  it is my soul that calls upon my name .	1
it will only create a scab and film over the ulcer, while rotten corruption, working within everything, infects it unseen.	1
should i have answered caius cassius if he asked me?	1
the noblest deer hath them as huge as the rascal .	1
we’ll follow you .	1
in both my eyes ,  he doubly sees himself ,  one in each eye; swear by your double self ,  and there's an oath to believe .	1
you would take it back ?	1
why did i come here if not for that ?	1
why, well.	1
a hundred and sixty - eight hours ?	1
sit down and rest .	1
my lord ,  you nod .	1
here have i few attendants and subjects none abroad.	1
i weep for caesar in that he was good to me .	1
what's the matter now?	1
no indeed, my lord.	1
what’s the matter that you unlace your reputation thus and spend your rich opinion for the name of a night - brawler ?	1
remorseless, treacherous, lecherous, kindless villain!	1
that very hour ,  and in the selfsame inn ,  a meaner woman was deliverèd of such a burden ,  male twins ,  both alike .	1
the point poisoned too!	1
he has been yonder i' the sun practising behavior to his own shadow this half hour .	1
come on ,  sir ,  will you come aboard ?	1
triple - turned whore !	1
i say ,  by sorcery he got this isle .	1
you can’t find that out ,  even if you held my heart in your hand you couldn’t make me tell you .	1
nurse ,  where's my daughter ?	1
so smooth he daubed his vice with show of virtue that ,  his apparent open guilt omitted— i mean his conversation with shore’s wife— he lived from all attainder of suspects .	1
my lady will hang thee for thy absence .	1
how old is he ?	1
please wait .	1
so use your discretion .	1
know we this face or no ?	1
then tell them to treat us well .	1
be careful; be perfect; goodbye .	1
his legs aren’t great ,  but they’re alright .	1
the crows flying down below look as small as ants .	1
there's something in his soul o'er which his melancholy sits on brood; and i do doubt the hatch and the disclose will be some danger; which for to prevent, i have in quick determination thus set it down: he shall with speed to england for the demand of our neglected tribute.	1
we are less afraid to be drowned than thou art.	1
good to see you ,  corporal nym .	1
for even out of that will i cause these of cyprus to mutiny ,  whose qualification shall come into no true taste again but by the displanting of cassio .	1
why, one that swears and lies.	1
for i had then laid wormwood to my dug ,  sitting in the sun under the dovehouse wall .	1
turn the ship to the wind !	1
what’s his name ?	1
why ,        am i not i' th' right ,  old jephthah ?	1
the bounty and the benison of heaven to boot and boot .	1
o cassio ,  whence came this ?	1
poor knave, i don’t blame you; you’ve been wake up too long.	1
when i did make thee free ,  swor’st thou not then to do this when i bade thee ?	1
and you .	1
are we all met ?	1
think not i love him ,  though i ask for him .	1
is this the family tomb of leonato ?	1
or you can pretend to settle your differences until this matter with pompey is finished .	1
to breastfeed fools and make a record of a little beer.	1
then your hose should be ungartered ,  your bonnet unbanded ,  your sleeve unbuttoned ,  your shoe untied ,  and everything about you demonstrating a careless desolation .	1
will you go see the order of the course ?	1
please don’t take what i said more seriously than it deserves to be taken .	1
why railest thou on thy birth, the heaven, and earth?	1
o, you and i have heard our fathers say there was a brutus once that would have brook'd the eternal devil to keep his state in rome as easily as a king.	1
her eyes are fierce ,  but thine do comfort and not burn .	1
leave me ,  iago .	1
away!	1
it was the very day that young hamlet was born, he that is crazy and sent into england.	1
let me comply with it in these clothes ,  for fear that my welcome to the players ,  which i tell you must look good ,  should more appear like entertainment than your plays .	1
for better might we have loved without this mean ,  if on both parts this be not cherished .	1
but have i not cause to weep ?	1
you juggler !	1
read it ,  great caesar .	1
sweet portia, if you did know to whom i gave the ring, if you did know for whom i gave the ring, and would conceive for what i gave the ring, and how unwillingly i left the ring, when nought would be accepted but the ring, you would abate the strength of your displeasure.	1
sweet lord, you lie to me.	1
then what i have to do will need true colours, tears perhaps for blood.	1
alas ,  good gentleman !	1
the moor's abused by some very villainous rogue, some base notorious rogue, some scurvy fellow.	1
why ,  thou debauched fish ,  thou ,  was there ever man a coward that hath drunk so much sack as i to - day ?	1
if you'll come to supper tonight ,  you may; if you will not ,  come when you are next ready to .	1
fight valiantly today .	1
statilius show'd the torch-light, but, my lord, he came not back.	1
what, shall we go?	1
do not you meddle .	1
tis the way to call hers ,  exquisite ,  in question more .	1
oh clitus !	1
to save her life ,  i’ll say she doesn’t .	1
women grow by men.	1
yeah right!	1
say ‘better . ’ here comes one of my master's kinsmen .	1
be comforted ,  dear madam .	1
as wicked dew as e'er my mother brushed with raven's feather from unwholesome fen drop on you both!	1
brutus ,  you give a nice speech along with your evil strokes .	1
i dare not ,  sir .	1
gentle cousin ,  let us go thank him and encourage him .	1
hence ,  be gone ,  away !	1
if you pay too much attention to him you’ll make him angry ,  and that will make his convulsions go on longer .	1
goodbye ,  you dumb old spirit .	1
you do me wrong by taking me out of the grave .	1
the servants ,  the duke ,  and your daughter all seem to be treating you less kindly .	1
throw your vile guesses in the devil's teeth ,  from whence you have them .	1
speak the word along .	1
cassio ,  my lord ,  hath killed a young venetian called roderigo .	1
for thy escape would teach me tyranny ,  to hang clogs on them . —i have done ,  my lord .	1
no?	1
no, as i shall be saved.	1
speak ,  speak !	1
tell me to tear up this contract .	1
shall i put it plainly ?	1
or do you play the flouting jack ,  to tell us cupid is a good hare - finder and vulcan a rare carpenter ?	1
let me enjoy my privacy .	1
i wonder if titania be awaked; then, what it was that next came in her eye, which she must dote on in extremity.	1
done to death by slanderous tongues was the hero that here lies .	1
or as ’twere perfumed by a fen .	1
tell them so, decius.	1
someone take order buckingham be brought to salisbury .	1
is that the law ?	1
yeah, is the worst well?	1
bottom !	1
i confess it is my shame to be so fond, but it is not in my virtue to amend it.	1
tis since the earthquake now eleven years ,  and she was weaned—i never shall forget it— of all the days of the year ,  upon that day .	1
i’ll bury thee in a triumphant grave .	1
you may ,  sir .	1
or any of you ?	1
you know not whether it was his wisdom or his fear .	1
your husband in your bosom lies dead there ,  and paris too .	1
where hast thou been ,  sister ?	1
with another ,  for tying his new shoes with old ribbon ?	1
good night ,  good night .	1
but what say you to thursday ?	1
was the duke of milan thrown out of milan, that his children should become kings of naples?	1
to vouch this ,  is no proof ,  without more certain and more overt test than these thin habits and poor likelihoods of modern seeming do prefer against him .	1
he ,  woman; i say thy husband .	1
don’t harp on that point ,  madam—it’s past .	1
puppet ”  ?	1
i do ,   this touches me in reputation .	1
if he have caught the benedick ,  it will cost him a thousand pound ere a be cured .	1
a wonderful miracle !	1
but let me to my fortune and the caskets .	1
when i had at my pleasure taunted her ,  and she in mild terms begg'd my patience ,  i then did ask of her her changeling child; which straight she gave me ,  and her fairy sent to bear him to my bower in fairy land .	1
i shall remember.	1
i’ll stay no longer question .	1
won’t he ?	1
let him bless thee too.	1
that’s as much as to say they are fools that marry .	1
grant that ,  and then is death a benefit; so are we caesar's friends that have abridged his time of fearing death .	1
i think antonio only loves the world for him .	1
well.	1
hail, caesar!	1
why, how now, ho!	1
with his natural luck ,  he will beat you even against the odds .	1
no ,  i won’t stay a second longer .	1
well ,  you may fear too far .	1
couple it with something; make it a word and a blow.	1
assume a virtue ,  if you have it not .	1
how think you of it ?	1
i am glad to see you well.	1
methinks there is much reason in his sayings .	1
by and by .	1
though the nature of our quarrel yet never brooked parle ,  know now upon advice ,  it toucheth us both ,  that we may yet again have access to our fair mistress and be happy rivals in bianca’s love ,  to labor and effect one thing specially .	1
i know that my lady’s going to end up hitting him .	1
your name ,  i pray you ,  friend ?	1
who knows not that ?	1
but i am much to blame .	1
i enchanted them so thoroughly that they followed me through thorn bushes and prickly shrubs that tore up their shins .	1
come on ,  wait on him; lead him to my private apartment .	1
you’ve probably heard about the  “ change ”  that’s come over hamlet—that’s the only word for it ,  since inside and out he’s different from what he was before .	1
out, out, brief candle!	1
tis but thy name that is my enemy .	1
helen ,  it is not so .	1
good master mustardseed, i know your patience well.	1
the people between philippi and this field are only our friends because we force them to ,  because they are unwilling to give us support .	1
who is so gross that cannot see this palpable device ?	1
macbeth !	1
i tell you truly ,  in true english: i love you ,  kate .	1
but i would rather abstain from everything for four days than drink so much in one .	1
good day and happiness ,  dear rosalind .	1
lend me your hand .	1
this works out better than i could have planned .	1
wast thou with rosaline ?	1
the english army is near ,  led by malcolm ,  his uncle siward ,  and the good macduff .	1
thou liest .	1
hold off your hands !	1
shall i come down?	1
pardon me ,  julius !	1
master fer .	1
an you re us and fa us, you note us.	1
is horatio here too ?	1
i’ll have my bond .	1
i have spoke thus much, to mitigate the justice of thy plea, which if thou follow, this strict court of venice must needs give sentence 'gainst the merchant there.	1
for me ,  poor man—my library was dukedom large enough: now he believes that i am incapable of performing my political duties; he makes an alliance , — he was so hungry for power , —with the king of naples to give naples annual protection money ,  pledge allegiance ,  surrender his small crown to naples’ crown ,  and bend the dukedom ,  which had never bowed before—alas ,  poor milan ! — to most dishonorable bowing .	1
tut ,  i have the best armor of the world .	1
who’s there ?	1
destiny ,  tell us what comes next .	1
there’ll be hell to pay for this .	1
come here ,  captain .	1
so what ?	1
get yourself to church on thursday ,  or never ,  after that ,  look me in the face .	1
here's a knocking indeed !	1
be wise, and get you home.	1
i bet you’re a happy fellow who doesn’t care about anything .	1
i durst not?	1
oh ,  was she now ?	1
lay her i' the earth; and from her fair and unpolluted flesh may violets spring !	1
no ,  by our lady ,  i’m not such a fool to think what i please ,  and i don’t please to think what i can ,  and in fact i cannot think ,  even if i could think my heart right past thinking ,  that you are in love or that you will be in love or even that you can be in love .	1
mock not ,  enobarbus .	1
our wars are done .	1
what ,  man !	1
o ,  come in ,  equivocator .	1
then that’s the way it’ll be .	1
a virtuous woman won’t give her husband horns ,  and my rosalind is definitely virtuous .	1
such have but a shadow’s bliss .	1
and not one vessel 'scape the dreadful touch of merchant - marring rocks ?	1
two hundred ducats .	1
close by ,  my master .	1
lucius, who's that knocks?	1
help !	1
there’s a feud between the two dukes .	1
the testament !	1
come, lieutenant, i have a bottle of wine; and here outside are a number of cyprus gents that would happily drink a round to the health of black othello.	1
to alonso] how fares my gracious sir?	1
what was he that you followed with your sword ?	1
deceiving me is thisbe's cue.	1
to deal with everything smoothly and evenly ,  this sudden sending him away must seem like a planned event .	1
young fortinbras, after conquering poland, gives this warlike volley to the ambassadors of england.	1
we are sent to give thee ,  from our royal master ,  thanks; only to herald thee into his sight ,  not pay thee .	1
look, how he mocks me!	1
who's there ,  i’ the name of belzebub ?	1
sir ,  have pity ,  i’ll be his surety .	1
follow me ,  madam . —throw the blind traitor outside .	1
on me ,  though i am barely half the man that edward was ?	1
then see a good one for me .	1
i think so .	1
it is not for your health thus to commit your weak condition to the raw ,  cold morning .	1
alas, why do you chew your nether lip so?	1
would you like to be king of the entire world ?	1
when we were boys ,  who would believe that there were mountaineers dewlapped like bulls ,  whose throats had hanging at ’em wallets of flesh ?	1
then surrender ,  coward ,  and we’ll put you in a freakshow ,  just like they do with deformed animals .	1
i am as mad as he ,  if sad and merry madness equal be .	1
god bless you ,  sir !	1
alack ,  i had forgot !	1
my dear lord ,  please tell me the cause of your grief .	1
fine ,  but you weren’t harsh enough .	1
will you mock at an ancient tradition begun upon an honorable respect and worn as a memorable trophy of predeceased valor ,  and dare not avouch in your deeds any of your words ?	1
he loves me well ,  and i have given him reasons .	1
o, i’m sorry i was so angry that i did kill them.	1
sir ,  i tell you we believe you’re both lying criminals .	1
goodbye; and, if my fortune is not crossed, i have lost a father, and you a daughter.	1
why, now you speak like a good child and a true gentleman.	1
no ,  to the whitefriars monastery .	1
ay ,  but not enough .	1
at five o'clock he’s going to pay me for it .	1
did these bones cost no more the breeding ,  but to play at loggets with 'em ?	1
why are you drawn ?	1
heaven truly knows that thou art false as hell.	1
that's two of his weapons.	1
i do not fear it, i have seen you both; but since he is better'd, we have therefore odds.	1
why did he do it?	1
scold me a lot, emilia, i was, unhandsome warrior as i am, charging his unkindness with a crime of my soul; but now i find i had falsely testified, and he's falsely accused.	1
but montague is bound as well as i, in penalty alike; and 'tis not hard, i think, for men so old as we to keep the peace.	1
what is your pleasure, madam?	1
i hope to see good days—and many of them .	1
mistrust of my success hath done this deed.	1
good morning to you . —here the street is narrow .	1
and who’s he ,  then ,  that says i play the villain ?	1
i don’t like your faults .	1
who ,  i ,  my lord ?	1
my lord ,  i have news for you .	1
all my pretty ones?	1
you break jests as braggarts do their blades ,  which ,  god be thanked ,  hurt not . —my lord ,  for your many courtesies i thank you .	1
a challenge, on my life.	1
and all my armor laid into my tent ?	1
gracious my lord ,  i would report what i say i saw ,  only i don’t know how to do it .	1
what three things does drink make a man do ?	1
wake up the montagues .	1
i’ll do it .	1
the thoughts of people .	1
hmm ,  let me see:	1
where is my wife ?	1
a glooming peace this morning with it brings.	1
and these does she apply for warnings and portents and evils imminent ,  and on her knee hath begged that i will stay at home today .	1
i'll observe his looks; i'll tent him to the quick .	1
i wouldn’t be the villain you think i am even if i were offered all of macbeth’s kingdom and the riches of the east too .	1
now ,  fair befall thee ,  good petruchio !	1
to th’ monument !	1
had she affections and warm youthful blood ,  she would be as swift in motion as a ball .	1
don’t tell me, friar, that you heard about this, unless you can tell me how i can prevent it.	1
i have much to tell you about them.	1
please ,  sirs ,  lie in my tent and sleep; i might wake you up in a little while about business to my brother cassius .	1
indeed ,  i would have such an exploit for you ,  ligarius ,  if you were healthy enough to hear it .	1
leave them alone ,  and do the murder first .	1
behold!	1
and this report hath so exasperate the king that he prepares for some attempt of war.	1
but i still believe the source and beginning of his grief began with rejected love .	1
the life ”  ?	1
in this day and age ,  if a man doesn’t erect his own monument before he dies ,  he won’t be remembered past the funeral bell’s ringing and his widow’s crying .	1
goodbye ,  goodbye !	1
did cicero say anything ?	1
you do remember all the circumstance?	1
come hither ,  sir .	1
before my god ,  i might not this believe without the sensible and true avouch of mine own eyes .	1
this bad weather isn’t good to walk around in .	1
i am arrogant ,  vengeful ,  ambitious ,  with more ill will in me than i can fit into my thoughts ,  and more than i have time to carry it out in .	1
o, look, titinius, look, the villains fly!	1
you are a lover.	1
trebonius knows his time, for, look you, brutus, he draws mark antony out of the way.	1
cicero one ?	1
it’s 9 am.	1
i see ,  sir ,  you are free in making offers; you taught me to beg first ,  and now i think you teach me how to answer a beggar .	1
i’m afraid he’ll punish me .	1
no ,  not at all— all right ,  all right .	1
help ,  help !	1
shylock ,  they’re offering you three times the money you lent .	1
i swear i have no idea why he stopped loving me .	1
he’s his homeland’s jewel .	1
sir, octavius has already come to rome.	1
don’t push him too far .	1
bring me an exact report of the number of dead on both sides .	1
a mighty strength they carry .	1
how are you, cassio!	1
and i swear to god he’s very smart .	1
nor send you out o' the way ?	1
humbly ,  sir ,  i thank you .	1
this night i hold an old feast that i’ve always given, to which i have invited many guests, people i love; and if you will be among the guests, you’ll be one more, most welcome, and will make my guests more.	1
see where she comes from shrift with merry look .	1
demetrius loves your fair .	1
aside] the charm dissolves apace ,  [aside] the charm dissolves apace ,  and as the morning steals upon the night ,  melting the darkness ,  so their rising senses begin to chase the ignorant fumes that mantle their clearer reason . —o good gonzalo ,  my true preserver ,  and a loyal sir to him you follow'st !	1
em all three all ready .	1
that awful ,  plodding rhyme sounded like a row of dairy women stomping off to market .	1
that which ordinary men are fit for ,  i am qualified in .	1
you want me to say what i’m thinking ?	1
alas, poor rogue!	1
o ,  tell me !	1
ay ,  at philippi .	1
with bills on their necks:  “ be it known unto all men by these presents .  ”   the eldest of the three wrestled with charles ,  the duke’s wrestler ,  which charles in a moment threw him and broke three of his ribs ,  that there is little hope of life in him .	1
i drew my sword to part them .	1
give him tending; he brings great news .	1
or if thou wilt needs marry ,  marry a fool; for wise men know well enough what monsters you make of them .	1
time’s not the one in debt .	1
look, here comes helena.	1
speak softly .	1
ready .	1
what, are they children?	1
wherefore is that ?	1
my lord ,  my lord !	1
must i speak now ?	1
this damned witch sycorax, for mischiefs manifold and sorceries terrible to enter human hearing, from algiers thou know'st was banished—for one thing she did they would not take her life.	1
now boast thee ,  death ,  in thy possession lies a lass unparalleled .	1
words before blows .	1
i beg you, whose joints move easier than mine to follow them swiftly and stop them from what this vision may now provoke them to do.	1
we’ll have to speak more.	1
let's follow him, gertrude,.	1
killed ?	1
my lord ,  i can’t .	1
come ,  go with me; under our tents i’ll play the eavesdropper to see if any mean to shrink from me .	1
i'll go no further.	1
mountains don’t tremble ,  however much the wind may blow !	1
hear me ,  for i will speak .	1
or ,  if he wrote down his thoughts ,  give me his letter .	1
and mine two hundred .	1
sir ,  i obey the mandate ,  and will return to venice .	1
comes his army on?	1
who comes so quickly in silence of the night?	1
i leave an arrant knave with your worship ,  which i beseech your worship to correct yourself ,  for the example of others .	1
this hebrew will become a christian: he’s getting kind.	1
longer, longer.	1
here, peter quince.	1
let him come ,  and kindly .	1
these child actors are now in fashion ,  and they’ve so overtaken the public theaters that society types hardly come at all ,  they’re so afraid of being mocked by the playwrights who write for the boys .	1
yes, my lord.	1
and i hope you won’t think badly of me .	1
death ,  in guerdon of her wrongs ,  gives her fame which never dies .	1
hence ,  and stand aloof .	1
in his greatest need ,  even they will desert him .	1
he who will not follow me now ,  let him depart and stand in the doorway like a pimp ,  cap in hand ,  while some slave ,  no nobler than my dog ,  violates his daughter .	1
are you lovebirds only starting to pair up now ?	1
so, farewell.	1
o bottom ,  thou art changed !	1
ready .	1
say when.	1
my lord .	1
i could imagine he’s divine ,  since i never saw anything so noble - looking on earth before .	1
nay ,  that's certain .	1
i am he .	1
bring the villain forth .	1
edmund and i have talked ,  and more convenient is he for my hand than for your lady’s .	1
drink ,  servant - monster ,  when i bid thee .	1
i’ll do anything you ask ,  monster ,  anything reasonable . —come on ,  trinculo ,  let’s sing .	1
he hath rid his prologue like a rough colt .	1
trip ,  audrey ,  trip ,  audrey . —i attend ,  i attend .	1
no ,  master ,  i’ve been changed in both mind and body .	1
i will withdraw ,  but this intrusion shall ,  now seeming sweet ,  convert to bitter acid .	1
what?	1
romeo will answer it.	1
yet here ,  laertes ?	1
within this hour my man shall be with thee and bring thee cords made like a tackled stair, which to the high topgallant of my joy must be my convoy in the secret night.	1
pursue him and entreat him to a peace .	1
such a wonderful father - in - law and wife make this place a paradise .	1
the mousetrap.	1
no .	1
here ,  here !	1
it’s another such polecat !	1
strumpet ,  i come .	1
the violence of either grief or joy their own enactures with themselves destroy.	1
my good friends ,  i'll leave you till night .	1
good idea .	1
it was .	1
besides ,  it seems that ,  even if he had the money right now to pay the jew ,  he wouldn’t take it .	1
why do you show me this?	1
you promised to give it to me after a full year.	1
but come ,  my lord ,  let’s away .	1
no ,  uncle ,  but our crosses on the way have made it tedious ,  wearisome ,  and heavy .	1
love news ,  in faith .	1
are there not stones in heaven but what serve for thunder ?	1
listen ,  my lords— we’re in a bit of a hurry ,  leonato .	1
beautiful is disgustingly filthy, and disgustingly filthy is beautiful.	1
even so great men great losses should endure .	1
call my train together . — degenerate bastard ,  i’ll not trouble thee .	1
all which, sir, though i most powerfully and potently believe, yet i hold it not honesty to have it thus set down; for you yourself, sir, shall grow old as i am if, if like a crab, you could go backward.	1
and mine ,  to eke out hers .	1
exchange forgiveness with me ,  noble hamlet .	1
well .	1
your honor is most welcome .	1
this man is probably like that .	1
let him be caesar !	1
it is truly so .	1
thinking on her father .	1
thou say’st the king grows mad .	1
i’ve sent for him .	1
not a mouse stirring .	1
and yet i still regret the anger that drove me to kill them .	1
ha ,  ha !	1
very sweet and contagious ,  i' faith .	1
tis pity of him .	1
a better example—come on .	1
will you be patient ?	1
if i do find him fit ,  i’ll move your suit and seek to effect it to my uttermost .	1
nay, you must forget that.	1
but how is it possible that prospero’s alive and well and living on this island ?	1
we are arrant knaves ,  all .	1
o ,  he is even in my mistress’ case ,  just in her case !	1
i am quickly ill ,  and well ,  so antony loves .	1
i am never merry when i hear sweet music.	1
in action how like an angel !	1
what’s going on here ?	1
what ,  is there such a place ?	1
if she’s cheated on me ,  then heaven itself is a fake .	1
but mark,—poor knight, what dreadful sorrow is here!	1
or like a whale .	1
yes ,  desdemona .	1
she that herself will sliver and disbranch from her material sap perforce must wither and come to deadly use .	1
to what effect ?	1
but our courage should only be the greater for that .	1
you are ,  but you don’t know it yet .	1
how am i ,  then ,  a villain to advise cassio to this parallel course ,  directly to his good ?	1
to lend me arms and aid when i required them ,  the which you both denied .	1
god ,  the best maker of all marriages ,  combine your hearts in one ,  your realms in one .	1
why do you cross me in this command?	1
she’s as dead as the cold ground .	1
where's potpan, that he helps not to take away?	1
if we are like you in the rest, we will resemble you in that.	1
dear love, goodbye!	1
well may it sort that this portentous figure comes armed through our watch, so like the king that was and is the question of these wars.	1
yes ,  with a twink .	1
remember our reward when the deed’s done .	1
where are you ,  pindarus ?	1
farewell to both of you ,  dear teachers .	1
they have tied me to a stake .	1
good sooth ,  even thus .	1
that’s three hours since nine o'clock ,  but she hasn’t come back .	1
life, living — death has it all.	1
i would your duty were as foolish too .	1
we'll not run ,  monsieur monster .	1
thou know’st we work by wit and not by witchcraft ,  and wit depends on dilatory time .	1
it seems she hangs upon the cheek of night like a rich jewel in an ethiopian’s ear; beauty too rich for use, for earth too dear!	1
strike !	1
let her have your voice .	1
won’t they say later ,  if they should go on to become common players ,  which is likely ,  and their lives are no better ,  that their writers did them wrong to make them exclaim against their own success ?	1
why ?	1
it’s good to grow .	1
but let it rain; i’ll survive .	1
and now, laertes, what's the news with you?	1
but you can make amends now.	1
do you have desires ?	1
by the hour of nine.	1
make thick my blood, stop up the access and passage to remorse, that no compunctious visitings of nature shake my fell purpose nor keep peace between the effect and it!	1
i'll warrant she'll tax him home; and ,  as you said ,  and wisely was it said ,  'tis meet that some more audience than a mother ,  since nature makes them partial ,  should o'erhear the speech ,  of vantage .	1
remember march ,  march 15th .	1
who can prosecute me for it ?	1
i love to argue with him when he’s having one of these fits ,  because then he always has a lot to say .	1
no man that’s born of woman shall e'er have power upon thee .  ”  then fly ,  false thanes ,  and mingle with the english epicures .	1
this blue - eyed hag was brought here ,  pregnant ,  and was left here by sailors .	1
hurry up ,  for fear my sword will be about your ears before you get yours out .	1
this is news indeed !	1
trinculo ,  speak politely .	1
know the glove !	1
do you see yonder cloud that’s almost in shape of a camel ?	1
they shall, nerissa; but in such a habit, that they shall think we are accomplished with that we lack.	1
what ,  not even to pray ?	1
but for your private satisfaction ,  because i love you ,  i will let you know .	1
be better suited .	1
go ,  then ,  mother ,  to your daughter .	1
now know you, casca, i have moved already some certain of the noblest-minded romans to undergo with me an enterprise of honorable-dangerous consequence; and i do know, by this they stay for me in pompey's porch.	1
wisdom!	1
why did i just send you home ?	1
his daughter is to be brought by you to the supper .	1
be brief ,  lest that the process of thy kindness last longer telling than thy kindness' date .	1
this haunting business is even stranger than murder .	1
your face, my baron, is like a book where men may read strange matters.	1
so they are possibly antony’s friends .	1
we ,  ignorant of ourselves ,  beg often our own harms ,  which the wise powers deny us for our good ,  so find we profit by losing of our prayers .	1
i do defy thy conjuration and apprehend thee for a felon here.	1
the ladies ,  her attendants of her chamber saw her abed ,  and in the morning early they found the bed untreasured of their mistress .	1
now i begin: imprimis ,  we came down a foul hill ,  my master riding behind my mistress— both of one horse ?	1
abide within .	1
when the blood is made calm with playing ,  there should be something to fire it up again and to satisfy a fresh appetite ,  loveliness in favor; sympathy in years ,  manners ,  and beauties ,  all which the moor lacks .	1
and will she love him still for prating?	1
i came here crying .	1
a golden mind stoops not to shows of dross .	1
i mean, in a way.	1
i did so ,  and went further ,  which is now our point of second meeting .	1
the hell with him, jack!	1
if't be so, for banquo's issue have i filed my mind, for them the gracious duncan have i murdered, put rancors in the vessel of my peace only for them, and mine eternal jewel given to the common enemy of man, to make them kings, the seed of banquo kings!	1
give me those flowers .	1
take time to pause; and by the next new moon— the sealing - day betwixt my love and me for everlasting bond of fellowship , — upon that day either prepare to die for disobedience to your father's will ,  or else to wed demetrius ,  as he would ,  or on diana's altar to protest for aye austerity and single life .	1
no epilogue ,  please .	1
this is the fruit of whoring.	1
i beg your pardon ,  sirs . —please tell me your name ,  sir ?	1
then why am i worried ?	1
tis here .	1
yield, or you die.	1
if my eyes aren’t deceiving me ,  goodbye ,  love .	1
i am sure you know him well enough .	1
murder !	1
when laban and he agreed that all the lambs which were streaked and multicolored should be given to jacob ,  the ewes ,  being divided ,  were bred with the rams at the end of autumn; and just when the rams and the ewes were in the act of procreation ,  the skilful shepherd peeled certain sticks ,  and ,  at the moment of mating ,  he stuck them up before the fat ewes ,  who ,  then conceiving ,  did in lambing time gave birth to multicolored lambs ,  and those were jacob's .	1
being a slave has a hoarse voice and may not speak aloud; or else i would go to the cave where echo lives, and make her airy voice more hoarse than mine is, with the repetition of my romeo's name.	1
not a hair perished; on their sustaining garments not a blemish ,  but fresher than before; and as thou bad'st me ,  in troops i have dispersed them ’bout the isle .	1
men who risk everything hope to make profits .	1
don’t leave me in the lurch .	1
but there where i have garnered up my heart ,  where either i must live or bear no life ,  the fountain from the which my current runs or else dries up—to be discarded thence !	1
a great suspicion .	1
where ?	1
indeed ,  my lord .	1
thou shalt not live ,  that i may tell pale - hearted fear it lies ,  and sleep in spite of thunder .	1
this strong poison’s overpowering me .	1
what is my offense ?	1
but that still use of grief makes wild grief tame ,  my tongue should to thy ears not name my boys till that my nails were anchored in thine eyes ,  and i ,  in such a desp'rate bay of death ,  like a poor bark of sails and tackling reft ,  rush all to pieces on thy rocky bosom .	1
i never saw a woman ,  but only sycorax my dam and she .	1
how is it with her ?	1
this is a slave whose easy borrowed pride dwells in the fickle grace of her he follows . — out ,  varlet ,  from my sight !	1
o ,  find him !	1
may a hot southwest wind blow on you and cover you with blisters all over .	1
i am more an antique roman than a dane .	1
but what’s your will ?	1
this is the sergeant who, like a good and hardy soldier, fought against my being taken prisoner.	1
i’ll follow after you .	1
for doting, not for loving, my pupil.	1
please come with me .	1
you lie: you can’t.	1
don’t pardon that .	1
service .	1
i would draw as soon as another man, if i see occasion in a good quarrel, and the law on my side.	1
if we shadows have offended, think but this, and all is mended, that you have but slumber'd here while these visions did appear.	1
tis he .	1
o villain!	1
he died as one that had been studied in his death to throw away the dearest thing he owed as ’twere a careless trifle .	1
an if i be ,  sir ,  is it any offense ?	1
and true she is ,  as she hath proved herself .	1
and most poor matters point to rich ends .	1
one more, and this is the last; so sweet was never so fatal.	1
was the duke of milan kicked out of milan so his children could become kings of naples ?	1
a ship you sent me to ,  to hire waftage .	1
who bids thee call ?	1
as still as the grave .	1
and when she is froward ,  peevish ,  sullen ,  sour ,  and not obedient to his honest will ,  what is she but a foul contending rebel and graceless traitor to her loving lord ?	1
all you gods, in general synod take away her power; break all the spokes and fellies from her wheel, and bowl the round nave down the hill of heaven, as low as to the fiends!	1
of this discourse we more will hear anon . — egeus ,  i will overbear your will .	1
oh my christian ducats !	1
heaven keep that monster from othello's mind !	1
peter !	1
cut my lace ,  charmian ,  come !	1
yes ,  that’s my husband’s name .	1
i’m not myself .	1
i saw it in his hand: it was a handkerchief, an antique token my father gave my mother.	1
is there any voice more worthy than mine to speak more sweetly into great caesar's ear to ask for a repeal of my banished brother’s sentence?	1
and so ,  without more circumstance at all ,  i hold it fit that we shake hands and part .	1
a cup closed in my true love's hand ?	1
i have ,  my lord .	1
how could so many people ,  under two masters ,  get along under one roof ?	1
i am being serious ,  my lord .	1
prithee ,  peace .	1
at home, my lord.	1
come, some music!	1
when marcus brutus grows so covetous to lock such rascal counters from his friends, be ready, gods, with all your thunderbolts, dash him to pieces!	1
how’s your night going, boy?	1
what a long night is this !	1
i ,  sir ,  am dromio .	1
so is mine . —do you hear ,  monster ?	1
i myself ,  who am more indebted to you than anyone ,  have brought you this young scholar	1
how foolish your fears seem now, calpurnia!	1
and at her late being here she gave strange oeillades and most speaking looks to noble edmund .	1
look with what courteous action it waves you to a more private ground .	1
give my answer to them both .	1
come now, a roundel and a fairy song; then, for the third part of a minute, hence: some to kill cankers in the musk-rose buds; some war with rere-mice for their leathern wings, to make my small elves coats; and some keep back the clamorous owl that nightly hoots and wonders at our quaint spirits.	1
an alone thing, as i am now, that is amazed to hear you speak of naples.	1
i warrant you ,  you shall find the ceremonies of the wars and the cares of it and the forms of it and the sobriety of it and the modesty of it to be otherwise .	1
this way you show me friendship .	1
i think this tale would win my daughter too .	1
are there no stones in heaven but what serve for the thunder ? —precious villain !	1
warm o'my troth !	1
is it good evening ?	1
are you of good or evil ?	1
let the door be lock'd .	1
you don’t understand me.	1
because, before demetrius looked on hermia's eyes, he swore many oaths that he was only mine; and, when this torrent of oaths was rejected by hermia, demetrius dissolved, and his oaths melted too.	1
down with the capulets!	1
what make you from home?	1
we love him highly and shall continue our graces towards him .	1
what dost thou say?	1
i will roar that i will do any man's heart good to hear me; i will roar, that i will make the duke say ‘let him roar again, let him roar again.’ an you should do it too terribly, you would fright the duchess and the ladies, that they would shriek; and that were enough to hang us all.	1
sir ,  would she give you so much of her lips as of her tongue she oft bestows on me ,  you'ld have enough .	1
o ,  lay me by my mistress’ side .	1
isn’t he a very unholy and rude counselor ?	1
what !	1
tis a notorious villain .	1
your will ?	1
his life was gentle ,  and the elements so mixed in him that nature might stand up and say to all the world ,   “ this was a man .  ”  according to his virtue let us use him ,  with all respect and rites of burial .	1
ay ,  more .	1
i loved wine and gambling ,  and had more women than a turkish sultan keeps in his harem .	1
you are look'd for and call'd for ,  ask'd for and sought for ,  in the great chamber .	1
it is my soul that calls upon my name .	1
no one ,  brutus ,  no one .	1
i know his soul’s in heaven ,  fool .	1
it were pity to cast them away for nothing ,  though between them and a great cause they should be esteemed nothing .	1
yes ,  ”  said my uncle gloucester ,   “ small plants are graceful ,  while ugly weeds grow fast .  ”  and since then ,  i’ve wished i wouldn’t grow so fast ,  because sweet flowers are slow while the weeds grow in a hurry .	1
you’re not one of pinch’s patients ,  are you ,  sir ?	1
now please listen ,  sir .	1
the mighty gods defend thee!	1
fool !	1
when he needs what you have glean'd ,  it is but squeezing you and ,  sponge ,  you shall be dry again .	1
can it be possible that no man saw them ?	1
twas a sweet marriage, and we prosper well in our return.	1
it was the lark ,  the herald of the morn; no nightingale .	1
the more fool you for betting on my loyalty .	1
can any of your neighbors tell ,  kate ?	1
still, it is the plague of great men, they have fewer choices than common men; it is an unshakeable destiny, like death.	1
we don’t think so ,  my lord .	1
i ,  sir ?	1
so there’s a rift between othello and cassio ?	1
not so, my lord, because his courage cannot carry his secret-keeping, but the fox carries the goose.	1
look, how he laughs already!	1
wake up ,  wake up !	1
is he really married ?	1
hark, hark!	1
there are no tricks in plain and simple faith .	1
that i distrust you.	1
i think i see my cousin tybalt’s ghost .	1
do you think i'd make a life of jealousy to follow still the changes of the moon with fresh suspicions ?	1
i am not mad .	1
i humbly thank you .	1
go now ,  and pretend to be a friendly hostess .	1
goodbye !	1
excellent well.	1
run ,  everyone ,  run !	1
o hell - kite !	1
what ,  lamb !	1
ah, rosencrantz!	1
give me my principal ,  and let me go .	1
things without all remedy should be without regard.	1
the old proverb is very well parted between my master shylock and you ,  sir: you have the grace of god ,  sir ,  and he has enough .	1
if e'er i loved her ,  all that love is gone .	1
why should the poor be flattered?	1
what are these so wither'd ,  and so wild in their attire ,  that look not like the inhabitants o’ the earth ,  and yet are on't ?	1
the dead man's knell is there scarce ask'd for who, and good men's lives expire before the flowers in their caps, dying or ere they sicken.	1
a little ,  by your favor .	1
bastard ,  arrogant noisemaker ,  we’re less afraid to be drowned than you are .	1
thus hath the candle sing'd the moth.	1
out ,  tawny tartar ,  out !	1
what ,  dead ,  my dove ?	1
shame ,  and eternal shame ,  nothing but shame !	1
i did not .	1
in the meantime ,  come home with me ,  and when the time is right i’ll take you to talk to him .	1
i told him what i thought .	1
macbeth !	1
what we want to do, we should do when we would, for this 'would' changes, and has stoppages and delays as many as there are voices, hands, accidents, and then this 'should' is like the sigh of a spendthrift, that hurts by easing up.	1
returned so soon ?	1
and how would we go about doing that ?	1
lo ,  yonder ,  and titinius mourning it .	1
if i ever loved her, all that love is gone.	1
have you the lion's part written?	1
poor soul !	1
one of them was a man named pinch: a hungry ,  narrow - faced villain; a skeleton; a fraud; a raggedy magician and fortune - teller; a needy ,  hollow - eyed ,  emaciated wretch; a walking corpse .	1
listen!	1
then go to work .	1
when we love our job we get up early and go to it joyfully .	1
then must you speak of one that loved not wisely but too well; of one not easily jealous, but, being wrought, perplex'd in the extreme; of one whose hand, like the base indian, threw a pearl away richer than all his tribe; of one whose subdued eyes, albeit unused to the melting mood, drop tears as fast as the arabian trees their medicinal gum.	1
the clock has struck three.	1
i’ll come back .	1
our fathers' minds are dead ,  and we are governed by our mothers' spirits; our burden and suffering makes us look womanish .	1
but you’re not down and out ,  either ,  are you ?	1
what can you discern at sea from the cape ?	1
the moor’s killed my mistress !	1
here comes thisbe .	1
my master is the great rich capulet; and if you are not of the house of montagues ,  please ,  come and have a cup of wine .	1
not so ,  neither .	1
i’ll follow him no more with bootless prayers .	1
duke ,  the abbess has wronged me and i seek justice .	1
look: benedick is so pale—are you sick ,  or angry ?	1
no ,  my good lord .	1
i think i hear them .	1
is your name shylock?	1
i’m going to count orsino’s court .	1
prithee ,  see there !	1
so humbly take my leave .	1
is it a beggar ?	1
come to the capitol .	1
only foul words ,  and thereupon i will kiss thee .	1
soon all my work will be done ,  and you’ll be free .	1
out of their saddles into the dirt ,  and thereby hangs a tale .	1
for you are as glorious to this night, that is over my head, as is a wingéd messenger of heaven to the white, upturned, wondering eyes of mortals that fall back to gaze on him when he crosses the slow moving clouds and sails upon the heart of the wind.	1
and see that you write these few precepts in your memory.	1
o ,  teach me how i should forget to think !	1
i will pause for a reply .	1
i take't ’tis later, sir.	1
a horse ,  a horse ,  i’d give my kingdom for a horse !	1
indeed ,  that is out of the air .	1
if you send them word that you won’t come ,  they might change their minds .	1
the lunatic ,  the lover ,  and the poet are of imagination all compact .	1
it shall do well.	1
who is next ?	1
i mistook you for the king .	1
know you the hand ?	1
give me some light.	1
o ,  fie ,  fie ,  fie !	1
juliet, the count is waiting.	1
that woman who claims i am her husband—i loathe her in my soul .	1
what’s wrong ,  horatio ?	1
gentlemen ,  rise .	1
your daughter and son - in - law .	1
and what's the news, good cousin lodovico?	1
the man that has no music in him, or is not moved by harmony of sweet sounds, is fit for treasons, plots, and stealing; the movement of his spirit is as dull as night, and his affections are as dark as the place between earth and hell.	1
by your leave ,  hostess .	1
he who chooses me must give and risk all he has .  ”  you’d have to be more attractive for me to give or risk anything for you .	1
where is she ?	1
you have impatience all over your face .	1
you got to me first .	1
will they not say afterwards ,  if they should grow themselves to common players—as it is most like ,  if their means are no better—their writers do them wrong to make them exclaim against their own succession ?	1
we talk here in the public haunt of men .	1
you mean this is the whole problem ,  that she is shy and hasn’t said everything she means to say and do ? —my lord of burgundy ,  what do you have to say to this lady ?	1
god will revenge it .	1
so.	1
pitiful sight!	1
her eyes are vicious ,  but yours are comforting .	1
tis lodovico come from the duke .	1
well, sir?	1
but i’m a hired hand: i don’t profit from the flocks i tend .	1
oh ,  sir ,  pardon me !	1
no more dams i'll make for fish nor fetch in firing at requiring ,  nor scrape trenchering ,  nor wash dish ’ban ,  ’ban ,  cacaliban has a new master—get a new man !	1
but antonio is certainly undone .	1
is't possible ?	1
o, but i fear—how lost you company?	1
nay ,  the dust should have ascended to the roof of heaven ,  raised by your populous troops .	1
i speak not yet of proof .	1
good god ,  soon we’ll remove the thing that makes us strangers !	1
the deep of night has crept over our talk ,  and nature must obey necessity; which we will put off with a little rest .	1
he tells me ,  my dear gertrude ,  he hath found the head and source of all your son's distemper .	1
o my love !	1
they’ve turned me into food for worms .	1
meanwhile i’ll stay with regan with my hundred knights .	1
truly, sir, so i can wear out their shoes to get myself more work.	1
which of us are you referring to ?	1
fare you well.	1
well then, confess and live.	1
caesar and lepidus declared war against pompey .	1
now ,  until the break of day ,  through this house each fairy stray .	1
nay, if our wits run the wild-goose chase, i am done; for thou hast more of the wild goose in one of thy wits than, i am sure, i have in my whole five.	1
i’ll meet you at the ferry .	1
happy that we’re not too happy ,  lucky in being not too lucky .	1
my father… i think i see my father.	1
and she is mine ,  and all my right of her i do estate unto demetrius .	1
amen!	1
you know the law .	1
to adrian] [to sebastian] why ,  in good time .	1
caesar wrote for him to come to rome .	1
thou'rt a scholar .	1
a goodly one; in which there are many confines ,  wards ,  and dungeons ,  denmark being one o' the worst .	1
cousins, i hope the days are near at hand that our homes will be safe.	1
well ,  you have really comforted me a lot .	1
if they march along unopposed ,  i will sell my dukedom for a sodden ,  filthy farm in that craggy isle of albion .	1
like hell she was !	1
honest ,  my lord ?	1
how now ,  daughter and cousin ?	1
i followed you here in the chase, not like a hound that hunts, but like the hunted by the hound.	1
farewell, you group of spirits; i have to get going.	1
what ,  don’t courtiers' hands sweat ?	1
if our sport had gone forward ,  we had all been made men .	1
so get ready to leave .	1
how is my lord ?	1
they eat us up hungrily ,  and when they’re full ,  they vomit us up .	1
come away ,  away .	1
but how wilt thou do for a father ?	1
there’s another .	1
i am bound to thee forever.	1
they wash his wounds with tears.	1
yes ,  if it doesn’t stand still .	1
but my revenge will come.	1
oh ,  is ’t come to this ?	1
i will say as much to his face .	1
good .	1
don’t let me burst in ignorance ,  but tell me why your sacred bones ,  buried in death ,  have escaped from the cemetery ,  why the tomb wherein we saw you quietly laid to rest ,  has opened his frightening and marble jaws to bring you back to life !	1
how would you woo her ?	1
o noble fool !	1
now sir ,  this done ,  as it is a very compelling and natural position ,  who is outstanding and first in the degree of this luck as cassio is ?	1
why ,  what you will .	1
in saving you i consider myself well paid .	1
shame on you !	1
therefore confess thee freely of thy sin ,  for to deny each article with oath cannot remove nor choke the strong conception that i do groan withal .	1
to relate the manner were ,  on the quarry of these murder'd deer ,  to add the death of you .	1
i'll tear her all to pieces.	1
but come, for england!	1
yes ,  other men have bad luck too .	1
sweet montague ,  be true .	1
and trinculo’s drunk .	1
sit ,  worthy friends .	1
come on ,  you turtle !	1
in law, what plea is so tainted and corrupt that, being delivered with a gracious voice, obscures the evil underneath?	1
there isn’t enough leek left for you to swear on .	1
the son ran away .	1
i’ve been looking all over for you .	1
oh ,  then we bring forth weeds when our quick minds lie still ,  and our ills told us is as our earing .	1
i could even supply the dialogue between you and your lover if you did your little puppet show of love for me .	1
no ,  faith ,  hate him not ,  for my sake .	1
how is't with me ,  when every noise appals me ?	1
and i beseech you come again tomorrow .	1
but come thy ways .	1
tis most convenient .	1
what news?	1
excuse me ,  sir .	1
and did not she herself revile me there ?	1
you do advance your cunning more and more.	1
therefore ,  in case he does ,  we must hold him back .	1
but yesterday the word of caesar might have stood against the world .	1
give me leave . — i am a gentleman of verona ,  sir ,  that hearing of her beauty and her wit ,  her affability and bashful modesty ,  her wondrous qualities and mild behavior ,  am bold to show myself a forward guest within your house ,  to make mine eye the witness of that report which i so oft have heard .	1
tongue nor heart cannot comprehend or name you!	1
look, how he makes to caesar.	1
how like a fawning publican he looks!	1
on the instant they got clear of our ship; so i alone became their prisoner.	1
well praised!	1
we will have vengeance for it ,  fear thou not .	1
why ,  she was dead before you were even born .	1
not that i don’t love you .	1
i’ll tear it up when it’s paid .	1
no ,  i will weep no more .	1
or in the power of reason .	1
fly ,  good fleance ,  fly ,  fly ,  fly !	1
a stoup of wine !	1
i will go lose myself and wander up and down to view the city .	1
there are tears for his love ,  joy for his fortune ,  honor for his bravery ,  and death for his ambition .	1
that’s the way it goes .	1
my dear’st sister !	1
my learnèd lord ,  we pray you to proceed and justly and religiously unfold why the law salic that they have in france or should or should not bar us in our claim .	1
i must needs tell thee all .	1
so please you ,  let me now be left alone ,  and let the nurse this night sit up with you; for i am sure you have your hands full all in this so sudden business .	1
i can’t believe that .	1
rightly to be great is not to move without great argument ,  but to find quarrel greatly in worthless land when honor’s at stake .	1
oh ,  fate ,  come ,  come to me ,  with hands as pale as milk .	1
in heaven.	1
here comes lorenzo .	1
if you tickle us ,  do we not laugh ?	1
even if he only winks ,  i know what i have to do .	1
were you talking about juliet ?	1
your sword upon a woman ?	1
let me see ,  let me see .	1
see whether they’ll really do what you suggested; their guilt made them vanish in silence.	1
his breath stinks .	1
oh ,  you men are made of stone !	1
swear on my sword.	1
away !	1
why do you weep ?	1
and only in that safety died her brothers .	1
how shall you hope for mercy ,  giving none ?	1
casca, you are the first that rears your hand.	1
for what purpose, love?	1
at least two hours past .	1
sir ,  i do know you ,  and dare upon the warrant of my note commend a dear thing to you .	1
then tell me ,  if i get your daughter’s love ,  what dowry shall i have with her to wife ?	1
ay, my lord.	1
you shall have none ill ,  sir ,  for i’ll try if they can lick their fingers .	1
what's the matter?	1
o, come in, equivocator.	1
let me wipe it first .	1
what, man?	1
the town will rise .	1
young son ,  it argues a distempered head so soon to bid good morrow to thy bed .	1
men should be what they seem ,  or those that be not ,  would they might seem none !	1
be pointed and brief .	1
but swords i smile at, weapons laugh to scorn, brandish'd by man that's of a woman born.	1
what lady is that ,  who make the hand of that knight richer ?	1
as for hamlet and his attentions to you ,  just consider it a big flirtation ,  the temporary phase of a hot - blooded youth .	1
and what they may incense him to ,  being apt to have his ear abused ,  wisdom bids fear .	1
he is no crescent, and his horns are invisible within the circle.	1
and in good time ,  here comes sir richard ratcliffe and the duke .	1
speculation only tells about their unsure hopes; only a certain outcome must settle which direction the war will take .	1
my god ,  what a great song !	1
not that i know.	1
why then, lead on.	1
o, my good lord, there's foul murders done over there!	1
the heart is sorely charged .	1
but is it true ,  salerio ?	1
you would be satisfied ?	1
and this way have you well expounded it.	1
now you must see that i am not guilty ,  and you must put me in your heart as a friend ,  since you have heard ,  and with a knowing ear ,  that man who killed your noble father wanted to kill me .	1
do not say ‘banishment . ’ hence from verona art thou banished .	1
i certainly do have him ,  but i wouldn’t advise you to touch him .	1
oh ,  he’s returned ,  and as pleasant as ever he was .	1
then tell me, who's the next heir of naples?	1
no, by no means.	1
my uncle!	1
let’s break up our watch ,  and i think we should tell all we have seen tonight to young hamlet ,  for ,  i swear on my life ,  this spirit ,  silent to us ,  will speak to him .	1
there's a french salutation to your french slop.	1
or else mismatched in terms of years;— oh spite !	1
and when she speaks ,  isn’t it a call to love ?	1
oh ,  love !	1
by 'r lady ,  i think it be so .	1
caesar is turned to hear .	1
it were too gross to rib her cerecloth in the obscure grave .	1
nay then ,  let the devil wear black ,  for i’ll have a suit of sables .	1
in the meantime ,  let me be thought too busy in my fears— as worthy cause i have to fear i am— and hold her free ,  i do beseech your honor .	1
here’s the story we’ll tell her: that i was with you at your shop ,  watching you make her necklace ,  and that you’re going to deliver it tomorrow .	1
this day i breathed first .	1
your mother was a piece of virtue, and she said you were my daughter: and your father was duke of milan and his only heir a princess — born no less.	1
leave you !	1
come on.	1
we’ll ha ’t tomorrow night .	1
think upon these gone .	1
for more important things ,  you’ll say no .	1
what’s wrong ,  cousin ?	1
too late ,  good diomedes .	1
what sickness did she die of ?	1
what lady is that, who make the hand of that knight richer?	1
and so it is.	1
why do you need even one ?	1
no .	1
i’ll bet my life you gave some woman the ring !	1
take pains; be perfect; adieu.	1
o thou foul thief ,  where hast thou stowed my daughter ?	1
yuck !	1
i wish i knew a reason this wedding should be slowed down .	1
pray ,  what do you think is his name ?	1
here’s one ,  a friend ,  and one that knows you well .	1
or so much as it needs ,  to revive the flower of royalty and drown the weeds .	1
aside] honest lord ,  [aside] honest lord ,  thou hast said well ,  for some of you there present are worse than devils .	1
you have disrupted the fun, broken up a good party, with very admirable chaos.	1
he was armed ,  you say ?	1
and what did surrey say to that ?	1
all ports i’ll bar .	1
consider it done ,  my lord .	1
you thought you were being funny ,  but you said the truth .	1
the court awards it and the law authorizes it .	1
provoke him that he may .	1
pour in sow’s blood ,  that hath eaten her nine farrow; grease that’s sweaten from the murderer’s gibbet throw into the flame .	1
nay, an thou'lt mouth, i'll rant as well as thou.	1
thus decoration is only the deceived shore to a most dangerous sea; the beautiful scarf veiling an indian beauty; in a word, the seeming truth which skillful times dress in to fool the wisest men.	1
the king ,  the king’s to blame .	1
oh ho ,  oh ho !	1
i can’t believe my sister would neglect her obligations in any way .	1
among them are one hundred twenty - six princes and standard - bearing nobles .	1
we failed in half of our mission .	1
i can be patient .	1
he's married.	1
have you done everything you could to make him tell you the reason ?	1
three proper young men ,  all good looking and with great presence—	1
the clock hasn’t struck yet .	1
either i had to ruin you ,  or you would have ruined me .	1
don’t joke about this ,  enobarbus .	1
i am unfortunate in the handicap, and dare not tempt my weakness with any more wine.	1
myself am naples ,  who with mine eyes ,  never since at ebb ,  beheld the king my father wracked .	1
he’s in yellow stockings .	1
that we shall die, we know; 'tis but the time and drawing days out that men stand upon.	1
help, ho!	1
nay ,  how now ,  where are you ?	1
what's the matter ?	1
behave as we would in denmark.	1
there the grown serpent lies; the worm that has fled has a nature that in time will breed venom ,  but he has no fangs now .	1
me ,  sir ?	1
how goes it now ?	1
send for him ,  good uncle .	1
i’m at your service ,  madam .	1
you have seen nothing, then?	1
now ,  by yon marble heaven ,  in the due reverence of a sacred vow i here engage my words .	1
he does hear me ,  and that he does i weep; myself am naples ,  who with mine eyes ,  never since at ebb ,  beheld the king my father wrecked .	1
when she is like this ,  besides walking and performing various activities ,  have you heard her say anything ?	1
i beg your pardon—i thought it was me whom you were calling all those terrible names .	1
he did ,  very sincerely .	1
who serv’st thou under ?	1
are these, i pray you, wind instruments?	1
what color ,  madam ?	1
i cannot only remember such things that were, that were most precious to me.	1
prithee, do not turn me about; my stomach is not constant.	1
just as i told you ,  he usually sleeps in the afternoon .	1
the will !	1
o cassius ,  if you could but win the noble brutus to our party— be you content .	1
kiss her soft mouth ,  and we’ll be off .	1
away!	1
how did you get better ?	1
what says polonius ?	1
but now they rise again with twenty mortal murders on their crowns and push us from our stools .	1
weren’t you sent for?	1
what, lamb!	1
that’s as good as proof that the sweet young man’s in love .	1
he who chooses me must give and risk all he has .  ”  must give everything—for what ?	1
i will go seek him . —cassio ,  walk hereabout .	1
more than to us wait in your royal walks, your board, your bed!	1
lack of trust in my success has done this deed .	1
i am sorry for thee; thou art come to answer a stony adversary, an inhuman wretch uncapable of pity, void and empty from any dram of mercy.	1
on my knees i beg that you’ll vouchsafe me raiment ,  bed ,  and food .  ”  good sir ,  no more .	1
if i cut my finger ,  i shall make bold with you . — your name ,  honest gentleman ?	1
lord, we know what we are, but don’t know what we may be.	1
you know that all my funds are invested in ships at sea; i don’t have the money or goods to raise such a large sum; so, go out, see what my credit in venice can do for you, credit that shall be stretched, even to the outer limits, to supply you for your trip to belmont to beautiful portia.	1
beggar that i am, i am even poor in thanks, but i thank you, and sure, dear friends, my thanks are a halfpenny too expensive.	1
go pronounce his present death ,  and with his former title greet macbeth .	1
i had no sense of judgment when i swore love to her .	1
come ,  friends .	1
i will laugh like a hyena ,  and that when thou art inclined to sleep .	1
what say’st thou ,  my fair flower de luce ?	1
i would you had won the fleece that he hath lost !	1
i would give all my fame for a pot of ale ,  and safety .	1
so every bondman in his own hand bears the power to cancel his captivity .	1
i did not think to draw my sword ’gainst pompey ,  for he hath laid strange courtesies and great of late upon me .	1
no stony tower, no walls of beaten brass, no airless dungeon, no strong chains of iron can hold the strength of the spirit; but life, tired of these worldly bars, never lacks the power to kill itself.	1
everyone thought it would pass then ,  and it probably would have had it not been for the great civil unrest and uncertainty of the time ,  which required the matter to be put off .	1
i hope we have calmly overcome those problems ,  sir .	1
alas ,  the day !	1
pink for flower .	1
good faith, how foolish are our minds!	1
is rosaline ,  who you did love so dearly ,  so soon forsaken ?	1
i’m more like an ancient roman than a corrupt modern dane .	1
come, come, the cause.	1
if thou beest not immortal ,  look about you .	1
in love ?	1
come ,  let us to the castle .	1
she is daughter to this famous duke of milan, of whom so often i have heard renown, but never saw before; of whom i have received a second life; and second father this lady makes him to me.	1
but it would better fit your honor to change your mind .	1
where's romeo's man?	1
what are you talking about ?	1
he is ready at the door; he comes ,  my lord .	1
that's strange.	1
i humbly thank you ,  sir .	1
nay ,  then ,  good night our part .	1
you threw it at her rudely ,  and she wants you to take it back .	1
who do you want to work for ?	1
with this there grows in my most ill - composed affection such a stanchless avarice that ,  were i king ,  i should cut off the nobles for their lands ,  desire his jewels and this other's house ,  and my more - having would be as a sauce to make me hunger more ,  that i should forge quarrels unjust against the good and loyal ,  destroying them for wealth .	1
most ungrateful maid !	1
she's a most exquisite lady.	1
what is the matter ,  think you ?	1
do thy duty ,  and have thy duty ,  for my master and mistress are almost frozen to death .	1
did you see how he laughed at his sin?	1
it is in ourselves that we are like this or like that.	1
romeo will thank you ,  my girl ,  for both of us .	1
his name is tyrrel ,  my lord .	1
out, i say!	1
put money in your purse; follow the wars; defeat your mood with an false beard; i say ,  put money in your purse .	1
i just saw him yesterday ,  ”  or  “ the other day ,  ”  or whenever it is ,  you know ,   “ and there he was gambling ,  ”  or  “ there he was ,  totally wasted ,  or fighting with somebody about a tennis match ,  or going into a house of ill repute ” —that means a whorehouse ,  you know—or whatever .	1
is he pursued ?	1
let us to the great supper .	1
god be wi' you, sir.	1
was there ever such an evil book with such a beautiful cover ?	1
it were a tedious difficulty ,  i think ,  to bring them to that prospect .	1
what it should be, more than his father's death, that thus hath put him so much from the understanding of himself, i cannot dream of.	1
thanks for your company but ,  really ,  i would have preferred being alone .	1
no, by no means.	1
but give them all a good dinner and look after them well .	1
before you can say ‘come’ and ‘go , ’ and breathe twice and cry ‘so ,  so , ’ each one ,  tripping on his toe will be here with mop and mow .	1
what’s his fault ?	1
give him a present .	1
there is a play tonight before the king.	1
rub him about the temples .	1
that’s what i’m afraid of .	1
brought you caesar home ?	1
i say ,  it is not lost .	1
and in this way ,  you have explained it very well .	1
he meant he did nothing right for me—which is true ,  unfortunately .	1
here's one comes in his shirt ,  with light and weapons .	1
by mary ,  sir ,  it’s a sick cook that cannot lick his own fingers .	1
by dromio ?	1
let's take leave of him.	1
ask her to help you get back your position .	1
he is the general challenger .	1
my god ,  do you think i’m easier to manipulate than a pipe ?	1
is that what you’ve heard ?	1
why railest thou on thy birth ,  the heaven ,  and earth ?	1
but they aren’t .	1
what can you do but be happy ?	1
is it time ,  my lord constable ?	1
good day . —please tell me ,  sir ,  can you read ?	1
a greater power than we can contradict hath thwarted our intents .	1
my back o’ t’ other side , —ah ,  my back ,  my back !	1
o wretched fool ,  that livest to make thine honesty a vice !	1
would he would change !	1
the very same.	1
i’m not sure it’s true ,  but just the suspicion is enough for me .	1
mine shall be spent, when theirs are dry, for romeo's banishment.	1
i must be one of these same dumb wise men ,  because gratiano never lets me speak .	1
no ,  it is casca ,  one who agrees with our attempts .	1
isn’t my fortune just a little better than hers ?	1
if thou didst ever hold me in thy heart absent thee from felicity a while ,  and in this harsh world draw thy breath in pain to tell my story .	1
o gull !	1
do i talk to you sweetly ?	1
farewell ,  sir .	1
god keep me so . —our heralds go with him .	1
no ,  if they try to lead us to harm ,  i will leave the dance floor at the next song .	1
then you’re a better man than the king .	1
and let those that play your clowns speak no more than is set down for them ,  for there be of them that will themselves laugh to set on some quantity of barren spectators to laugh too ,  though in the meantime some necessary question of the play be then to be considered .	1
hold ,  hold ,  my heart ,  and you ,  my sinews ,  grow not instant old ,  but bear me stiffly up .	1
woe to the hand that shed this costly blood!	1
though that his joy be joy ,  yet throw such changes of vexation on't as it may lose some color .	1
i wouldn’t dare?	1
what speech ,  my lord ?	1
it were not for your quiet nor your good, nor for my manhood, honesty, or wisdom, to let you know my thoughts.	1
pronounce this sentence then: women may fall when there’s no strength in men .	1
i wouldn’t allow your enemies to say that ,  and i won’t believe it from you .	1
my honoured lord !	1
you thief of love!	1
he is .	1
it is my lady mother.	1
madam ,  here comes your husband .	1
but oh ,  poor glou - cester !	1
good ensign ,  you are welcome .	1
from this point forward ,  i will always obey you .	1
how many noblemen would be weeded out and would become peasants ?	1
can’t someone speak?	1
do you love me?	1
provide your vessels and your spells ,  your charms ,  and everything else beside .	1
you have been talked about since your travel so much ,  for a quality where ,  they say ,  you really shine .	1
what's the matter?	1
if you had foul words in your mouth ,  then your breath must be foul ,  and foul breath is nauseating .	1
well ,  i must leave her company .	1
behold ,  here is the usurper's cursed head .	1
but while thou livest ,  keep a good tongue in thy head .	1
what’s the matter ?	1
yes ,  madam ,  that’s the way it goes .	1
here ,  sir !	1
are you rich ?	1
a fourth !	1
have you forgotten i’m your mother?	1
how literal this guy is !	1
they are coming to the play .	1
fair lady ,  do you think you have fools in hand ?	1
does't not go well?	1
he lays it on .	1
my dear lord, please tell me the cause of your grief.	1
tell him there's a post come from my master, with his horn full of good news; my master will be here ere morning.	1
he speaks home ,  madam .	1
shame itself !	1
how now ?	1
i’ll go along.	1
tis evermore the prologue to his sleep; he'll watch the horologe a double set ,  if drink rock not his cradle .	1
yes, truly, for the power of beauty will transform sincerity from what it is to a pimp faster than the force of sincerity can translate beauty into his image.	1
passion, i see, is catching; for my eyes, seeing those beads of sorrow stand in yours, began to tear.	1
hortensio ,  hark .	1
no, by this heavenly light!	1
who’s that which rings the bell ? —diablo ,  ho !	1
this were kindness .	1
believe me for mine honor, and have respect to mine honor, that you may believe.	1
thy husband.	1
don’t deny to him that you love me .	1
ah ,  it’s a sensitive animal ,  with a good conscience .	1
it was mere foolery; i did not mark it .	1
his coffers are too poor to atone for our losses ,  his entire kingdom too small to account for the amount of blood we’ve shed ,  and the sight of him kneeling at our feet an empty satisfaction compared to the indignity we have put up with .	1
how is your patient, doctor?	1
not having that which ,  having ,  makes them short .	1
where is our usual manager of mirth ?	1
a peevish schoolboy ,  worthless of such honor ,  joined with a masker and a reveler !	1
do you know them ?	1
being ready is everything.	1
cassio’s a proper man .	1
i mean not cuckold mad ,  but sure he is stark mad .	1
but did i never speak of all that time ?	1
but now i'll tell thee joyful tidings ,  girl .	1
what’s antony ?	1
but wait ,  what’s that sound ?	1
let it be their comfort that we are coming there .	1
horns ?	1
go with me to the vault .	1
amen !	1
all right .	1
what should be spoken here ,  where our fate ,  hid in an auger - hole ,  may rush and seize us ?	1
my first false speaking was this upon myself .	1
what can it not?	1
turn your face there, patience, you young and rose-lipped archangel, yes, there, look as grim as hell!	1
this by calpurnia's dream is signified.	1
i’ll fetch some flax and whites of eggs to apply to his bleeding face .	1
we will do the same .	1
do you doubt that?	1
what do you say ?	1
dolabella ,  i shall remain your debtor .	1
do you know ,  servant ,  where lieutenant cassio lies ?	1
please just listen .	1
if the balance of our lives had not one scale of reason to poise another of sensuality ,  the blood and baseness of our natures would conduct us to most preposterous conclusions .	1
peace ,  you were best .	1
go to ,  then .	1
the turkish armies are headed for rhodes; so i was asked to report here to the state by signior angelo .	1
you are as wise as you are beautiful.	1
then i must think you wouldn’t want it .	1
he once said the devil would get him because of women .	1
he is addressed .	1
and the doctors say it’s healthy to get up early— i don’t know what the doctors say .	1
the boy was the very staff of my age, my very prop.	1
avoid; no more!	1
your dane ,  your german ,  and your swag - bellied hollander—drink ,  ho ! —are nothing to your english .	1
here’s metal more attractive .	1
go ,  daughter .	1
welcome back !	1
i thank your honor .	1
i would i were as sure of a good dinner .	1
he was like that time of year halfway between the extremes of hot and cold: he was neither sad nor happy .	1
sometime she drives over a soldier's neck ,  and then he dreams of cutting foreign throats ,  of infractions  ,  sneak attacks ,  spanish swords ,  of safety five fathoms deep in the sea; and then soon he hears drums in his ear ,  at which he starts and wakes; and ,  being thus frightened ,  swears a prayer or two ,  and sleeps again .	1
to tell the truth ,  gratiano ,  you’re giving your wife a valid reason to get upset .	1
many times ,  madam .	1
ariel ,  go order my goblin servants to make these fellows' bones ache ,  give them muscle cramps all over ,  and give them more bruises than leopards have spots .	1
the queen shall then have courtesy ,  so she will yield us up ?	1
wrench his sword from him.	1
i have a strange infirmity, which is nothing to those that know me.	1
why ,  she’s a lamb ,  a dove ,  a child compared to him !	1
they are from norway, sir.	1
but ,  on: six barbary horses against six french swords ,  their assigns ,  and three liberal - conceited carriages—that’s the french bet against the danish .	1
what ,  everybody falls asleep so fast ?	1
i am not i, if there be such an ‘i’; or those eyes shut that make thee answer ‘i.’ if he be slain, say ‘i’; or if not, ‘no.’ brief sounds determine of my weal or woe.	1
we do not know .	1
but it’s enough to know that the day will end ,  and then the end will be known .	1
wash they his wounds with tears ?	1
cassius, what night this is!	1
if in thy wisdom thou canst give no help ,  do thou but call my resolution wise ,  and with this knife i’ll help it presently .	1
if i live to be as old as sibylla the witch ,  i’ll die as pure as diana the goddess of purity ,  unless i am obtained by the letter of my father's will .	1
goodbye, goodbye!	1
neither will i .	1
so young ,  my lord ,  and true .	1
what sorrow craves acquaintance at my hand that i yet know not?	1
go to, you are not, cassius.	1
have you not hurt your head ?	1
it would’ve been us if we had been there.	1
draw thy sword .	1
farewell ,  kind charmian .	1
therefore ,  when he sees reason of fears as we do ,  his fears ,  out of doubt ,  be of the same relish as ours are .	1
what, will you wash him from his grave with tears?	1
where should she be?	1
who is he that follows there, the one who wouldn’t dance?	1
with rosaline, my ghostly father?	1
adieu.	1
give me the daggers .	1
absolutely .	1
in the most high and palmy state of rome ,  a little ere the mightiest julius fell ,  the graves stood tenantless ,  and the sheeted dead did squeak and gibber in the roman streets; as stars with trains of fire and dews of blood ,  disasters in the sun; and the moist star ,  upon whose influence neptune's empire stands was sick almost to doomsday with eclipse .	1
and i his clerk; so be well advised how you leave me to my own protection .	1
ay ,  my lord .	1
this must be some kind of fairyland .	1
yes ,  truly ,  for the power of beauty will transform sincerity from what it is to a pimp faster than the force of sincerity can translate beauty into his image .	1
strike!	1
your lordship speaks most infallibly of him .	1
i order you to speak!	1
what noise is this?	1
he’s done wrong ,  and his master the king will punish him for it .	1
do you recognize the writing?	1
we had some food and some fresh water that a noble neapolitan ,  gonzalo , —who ,  being then appointed supervisor of this plot , — gave us out of his goodness ,  with rich garments ,  linens ,  stuffs ,  and other necessities ,  which have since been very useful: so ,  of his gentleness ,  knowing how i loved my books ,  he supplied me ,  with volumes from my own library that i prize more than my dukedom .	1
there, gentle hermia, i may marry you; and the sharp athenian law cannot follow us to that place.	1
servants ,  take these gentlemen to see hamlet .	1
sound ,  music .	1
me too .	1
you’ll be ashamed of this forever !	1
a cornish name .	1
you talk about killing ?	1
madam ,  keep up hope .	1
and the prince and claudio ,  who accused her ,  are innocent as well ,  because they were deceived by don john .	1
the earth hath bubbles ,  as the water has ,  and these are of them .	1
where is that damned wretch ,  tranio ,  who defied me in such a disgraceful manner ?	1
give him this letter .	1
we do not come ,  as minding to content you ,  our true intent is .	1
your children will be kings .	1
you don’t know whether it was his wisdom or his fear .	1
and you can’t deny evidence and argument—they’ve been around since noah’s ark .	1
forgive me, cousin.	1
thrice within this hour i saw him down ,  thrice up again and fighting .	1
first ,  forward to the temple .	1
what are these things we’re looking at ,  my lord antonio ?	1
sirrah ,  naked fellow— poor tom’s a - cold .	1
still harping on my daughter .	1
soft!	1
truly ,  no—no more than is reasonable .	1
how should i know your true love from another one?	1
or at least i can describe the rumors .	1
it means being filled with fantasy; with passion and wishes; with adoration ,  loyalty ,  and devotion .	1
and if your love can labor ought in sad invention ,  hang her an epitaph upon her tomb and sing it to her bones .	1
and my heart too .	1
a very unhappy one .	1
i’ll wait over here .	1
your grave is gaping open ,  and your death is near .	1
wasn’t it just yesterday that we spoke to each other ?	1
our men have all broken ranks .	1
i hate the moor ,  and it is thought abroad that ’twixt my sheets he’s done my office .	1
why ,  worthy baron ,  you weaken your noble strength to think about things in such a crazy way .	1
stay not to question ,  for the watch is coming .	1
let it go .	1
have all his business ventures failed ?	1
oh ,  quick ,  before i’m gone .	1
and benedick is not the unhopefulest husband that i know .	1
away with him .	1
where is he ?	1
urchins shall ,  forth at vast of night that they may work ,  all exercise on thee .	1
out, i say!	1
not i .	1
then you will bring the chain to her yourself .	1
no guard ?	1
why ,  that's my dainty ariel !	1
bid her devise some means to come to shrift this afternoon; and there she shall at friar laurence’ cell be shriv'd and married.	1
i won’t until i’m ready .	1
wasn’t that letter from beautiful jessica ?	1
farewell ,  brother .	1
a villain kills my father, and for that, i, his sole son, do this same villain send to heaven.	1
let't alone ,  and do the murder first .	1
is it lunchtime ?	1
listen ,  she speaks .	1
cupid is a bad boy for making poor women go crazy like this .	1
i beg you to continue to be patient .	1
legged like a man, and his fins like arms!	1
who's there?	1
but i will punish home .	1
say he’s sick .	1
an excellent courtesy!	1
huh !	1
look !	1
then ’tis like the breath of an unfee’d lawyer .	1
now could i drink hot blood ,  and do such bitter business as the day would quake to look on .	1
we’re glad to see you .	1
i'll be with you straight.	1
i can read .	1
is clarence dead ?	1
where the place ?	1
i found it in my bedroom; and he himself confessed just now that he dropped it there for a special purpose which would be bent to his desires .	1
this casket threatens: men that hazard all do it in hope of fair advantages: a golden mind stoops not to shows of dross; i'll then nor give, nor hazard, aught for lead.	1
i'll go no further .	1
tonight she is mewed up to her heaviness .	1
you know ,  you’re right .	1
where ,  where ,  messala ,  does his body lie ?	1
put out the light ,  and then put out the light .	1
that’s unbelievably bad .	1
though i said my name was benedick ,  i heard this news with claudio’s ears .	1
i'll do't, but it dislikes me.	1
he was not born to shame.	1
let your highness command upon me ,  to the which my duties are with a most indissoluble tie forever knit .	1
montjoy .	1
take me to antony .	1
the instances that second marriage move are base respects of thrift ,  but none of love .	1
see how she leans her cheek upon her hand!	1
conception is a blessing ,  but ,  as your daughter may conceive—friend ,  look to ’t .	1
let us go in ,  and charge us there upon interr'gatories ,  and we will answer all things faithfully .	1
oh , a footstep as light as hers will never endure the rocky road of life .	1
what do you think ,  bottom ?	1
oh ,  good sir ,  i am !	1
brutus speaks .	1
i found him under a tree like a dropped acorn .	1
the lord mayor knocks .	1
each of you ,  give me your bloody hand .	1
listen!	1
where’s the cook ?	1
not for your entire fairy kingdom . —come ,  fairies ,  let’s go .	1
how can it he?	1
if our secret’s known ,  either caesar or i will die ,  for i’ll kill myself .	1
go with me and see what i can show in this .	1
i serve as good a man as you .	1
yes ,  sir ,  but  “ while the grass grows ” — the proverb is a bit old - fashioned .	1
i have charged thee not to haunt about my doors: in honest plainness thou hast heard me say my daughter is not for thee; and now ,  in madness , — being full of supper and distempering draughts , — upon malicious bravery ,  dost thou come to start my quiet .	1
o pyramus ,  arise ,  speak ,  speak .	1
take this from this ,  if this isn’t the case now .	1
she speaks.	1
pray you ,  leave your courtesy ,  good monsieur .	1
won’t we ,  sir andrew ?	1
give me a torch .	1
get you to bed again ,  it is not day .	1
i have drunk but one cup tonight ,  and that was craftily diluted too ,  and behold ,  what changes it makes here .	1
i must be one of these same dumb wise men ,  for gratiano never lets me speak .	1
that must we also.	1
my curses on her !	1
o horror ,  horror ,  horror !	1
and bid her come hither .	1
no sound, no word?	1
we don’t intend to harm you, or any other roman.	1
go ,  get out of here .	1
my mistress here lies murdered in her bed— oh ,  heavens forfend !	1
you lowlife son - of - a - bitch !	1
this purse of ducats i received from you ,  and dromio my man did bring them me .	1
what ,  with my tongue in your tail ?	1
hark thee, dardanius.	1
was he sent by count orsino ?	1
help !	1
no ,  madam ,  i’m just reading an insane letter .	1
no ,  it hasn’t ,  my lord .	1
and so she did .	1
shall we to the court ?	1
i am friends with you all and love you all ,  on one condition—that you prove to me that caesar was dangerous .	1
save me and hover o'er me with your wings ,  you heavenly guards !	1
he wouldn’t be a lion if romans weren’t female deer .	1
o thou invisible spirit of wine ,  if thou hast no name to be known by ,  let us call thee devil !	1
we being strangers here ,  how dar’st thou trust so great a charge from thine own custody ?	1
hear the ambassadors .	1
as much to him, else is his thanks too much.	1
liberty !	1
with much ,  much more dismay i view the fight than thou that makest the fray .	1
poor tom’s chilly .	1
you be my witness that ,  against my will ,  as pompey was ,  i am compelled to set all our liberties on one battle .	1
mistress ,  that you know .	1
for oberon is passing fell and wrath because that she ,  as her attendant hath a lovely boy stolen from an indian king .	1
my good friends, listen!	1
what ,  are you busy ,  ho ?	1
so i won’t give or risk anything for lead .	1
yes ,  i thank god ,  my father ,  and yourself .	1
i frown the while ,  and perchance wind up watch ,  or play with my—some rich jewel .	1
how noble in reason!	1
take that ,  and that !	1
i pray you ,  sirs ,  lie in my tent and sleep .	1
don’t let my prayers go unanswered ,  hamlet .	1
revolving this will teach thee how to curse .	1
all our service ,  if done twice in every point ,  and then done double ,  would be poor and single business to compete with those honors deep and broad that your majesty heaps upon our house .	1
you had this child with the help of heaven .	1
no ,  by no means .	1
ay ,  marry ,  is ’t .	1
go, leave me.	1
go you and tell my daughter i would speak with her .	1
caesar should be a beast without a heart, if he stays at home today because he’s afraid.	1
in honest plainness thou hast heard me say my daughter is not for thee .	1
and you saw how the beggar ran from the mutt ?	1
will you go hear this news ,  signior ?	1
do not break off so ,  for we may pity though not pardon thee .	1
my husband !	1
how now, you secret, black, and midnight hags?	1
you aren’t joking?	1
i rejoice in his good fortune .	1
worthy gentleman!	1
with the quick ,  intelligent wit she’s rumored to have ,  she can’t really be such a bad judge of character that she’d refuse a man as exceptional as signior benedick .	1
how like you the young german, the duke of saxony's nephew?	1
come ,  come ,  good wine is a good familiar creature ,  if it is well used .	1
and doth affection breed it ?	1
i have an adventurous fairy who’ll go seek out the squirrel’s secret stash and get you some fresh nuts .	1
and in this headstrong state ,  kills the hidden good old man .	1
i know my remedy .	1
though i am not a flattering ,  righteous man ,  at least you can say that i am honest about being a villain .	1
a hall a hall !	1
make me see it ; or at the least prove it so that the accusation has no hinges or loops to hang a doubt on, or woe on your life!	1
shall i vent to her that thou art coming ?	1
oh ,  cleopatra !	1
nothing ,  my lord .	1
as a friend or an enemy ?	1
the grief that does not speak builds up softly in the heart ,  and bids it break .	1
fetch desdemona here .	1
macbeth!	1
but brother anthony— don’t ,  it’s no big deal .	1
while you were being overwhelmed here by your grief, a passion very unsuitable to such a man, cassio came here.	1
are there magic spells that can lead young virgins astray ?	1
who is here so vile that he will not love his country?	1
ring the alarms bell !	1
caesar ,  and that ,  having in sicily sextus pompeius spoiled ,  we had not rated him his part o’ th’ isle .	1
what say you ?	1
or charles or something weaker masters thee .	1
it’s too bad .	1
weak of purpose !	1
my wayward husband hath a hundred times	1
pay him six thousand, and destroy the promise to pay; double six thousand, and then treble that, before a friend of this description loses a hair because of bassanio.	1
they still haven’t joined the battle .	1
listen to many people ,  but talk to few .	1
but wherefore ,  villain ,  didst thou kill my cousin ?	1
are any ships leaving tonight ?	1
i leave him to your gracious acceptance ,  whose trial shall better publish his commendation .  ”  you hear the learned bellario ,  what he writes .	1
why do we hold our tongues ,  that most may claim this argument for ours ?	1
i think i see you ,  now you are below me ,  looking like someone dead in the bottom of a tomb .	1
it is, it is!	1
fates ,  we will know your pleasures .	1
i beg you, although you mock me, gentlemen, don’t let her hurt me.	1
no .	1
gladly i would dwell on form ,  gladly ,  gladly deny what i have spoken; but farewell polite words !	1
please do this carefully, that he will be more in love with her than she is with him.	1
keep him away from me !	1
fair lady ,  by your leave ,  i come by note to give and to receive .	1
sextus pompeius is sailing toward the port of rome .	1
i follow him to serve my turn upon him .	1
let us go ,  for it is after midnight ,  and ere day we will awake him and be sure of him .	1
it may be ,  very like .	1
i’ve been alive for twenty - eight years ,  and i’ve never met a man who knew what was good for him .	1
what bloody man is that ?	1
then get to work ,  poison !	1
a good persuasion .	1
why ,  sir ,  cobble you .	1
not for cadwallader and all his goats .	1
look ,  it’s going away .	1
first ,  he commends him to your noble self .	1
i warrant your honor .	1
it is a common thing— ha !	1
seeing the apparel] o king stephano!	1
come hither ,  you rogue !	1
i’ll put myself in poor and mean attire and with a kind of umber smirch my face .	1
this is my daughter's dowry ,  for i can command no more .	1
do i so?	1
there came divers of antonio's creditors in my company to venice ,  that swear he cannot choose but break .	1
yawn ,  snore .	1
what is it that they do when they change us for others ?	1
in practice let us put it presently .	1
you will be less than macbeth ,  and much greater .	1
but when this ring parts from this finger, then parts life from hence; o, then be bold to say, bassanio's dead.	1
or to be naked with her friend in bed an hour or more ,  not meaning any harm ?	1
pray you put up your dagger ,  and put out your wit .	1
that banishment is worse than the murder of ten thousand tybalts .	1
thou art as wise as thou art beautiful.	1
bear with me ,  good boy ,  i am much forgetful .	1
she that was ever fair and never proud ,  had tongue at will and yet was never loud ,  never lacked gold and yet went never gay ,  fled from her wish and yet said  “ now i may ,  ”  she that being angered ,  her revenge being nigh ,  bade her wrong stay and her displeasure fly ,  she that in wisdom never was so frail to change the cod’s head for the salmon’s tail ,  she that could think and ne'er disclose her mind ,  see suitors following and not look behind ,  she was a wight ,  if ever such wights were— to do what ?	1
oh ,  there’s been a lot of quarreling .	1
alack ,  alack the day !	1
could you not take some occasion without giving ?	1
caesar, i will.	1
please ,  sir ,  be patient .	1
for what purpose ,  love ?	1
o single-soled joke, only singular for the singleness!	1
no ,  sit down .	1
peace, you mumbling fool!	1
in short ,  when i told him how firmly opposed i was to his hideous plan ,  he pulled out his sword and lunged at my defenseless body ,  cutting my arm .	1
she’s a virtuous and holy lady .	1
that’s not good .	1
who is that man ?	1
i watched him very closely .	1
as the cony that you see dwell where she is kindled .	1
i know that young men look forward to their rest .	1
i wonder in my soul what you would ask me to do that i should deny, or stand so hesitant about.	1
so indeed he did.	1
o harry’s wife ,  do not triumph in my sorrow !	1
o most false love !	1
my way of life is fall'n into the sear ,  the yellow leaf ,  and that which should accompany old age ,  as honor ,  love ,  obedience ,  troops of friends ,  i must not look to have; but ,  in their stead ,  curses ,  not loud but deep ,  mouth - honor ,  breath ,  which the poor heart would fain deny and dare not .	1
by mary ,  my child ,  early next thursday morning ,  the gallant ,  young ,  and noble gentleman ,  the count paris ,  at st .  peter's church ,  shall happily make you there a joyful bride .	1
o madam ,  my old heart is cracked ,  it’s cracked .	1
what is ,  my lord ?	1
have you found my daughter?	1
trust me ,  carthage .	1
this course i fittest choose ,  for forty ducats is too much to lose .	1
fathers ,  from now on don’t believe you can know your daughters' minds from the way you see them act .	1
if to do were as easy as to know what were good to do ,  chapels had been churches ,  and poor men's cottages princes' palaces .	1
king lear hath lost ,  he and his daughter ta'en .	1
that’s a cornish name .	1
what, is that horatio with you?	1
away with the dotard !	1
freedom!	1
go to ,  i’ll no more on ’t .	1
where shall we go ?	1
i beg you to let me speak with you ,  o ,  my good lord !	1
very well ,  my supreme lord—that’s what i have to call you now .	1
my good lord, will you see the players well taken care of?	1
o good horatio, i’ll take the ghost's word for as real as a thousand dollars!	1
tell me for more certainty ,  albeit i’ll swear that i do know your tongue .	1
his neigh is like the bidding of a monarch ,  and his countenance enforces homage .	1
and if the enemy is an ass and a fool and a prating idiot ,  does that mean ,  you think ,  that we should also be an ass and a fool and a prating idiot ?	1
i know he would not be a wolf but that he sees the romans are but sheep .	1
send him on his way quickly .	1
is my father well?	1
wake up !	1
they know by those measurements if there will be famine or plenty .	1
sometime i’d divide ,  and burn in many places .	1
small but brave in his surroundings ,  he’s trying to stand up against the wind and rain blowing back and forth .	1
i’ll hide and listen in .	1
it	1
what ,  are you mocking me to my face ?	1
damn my soul if these accusations are true !	1
convince him that he has been out of his mind—and when he says he’s out of his mind  my lord ,  i promise we will play our parts so skillfully that he will believe everything we tell him .	1
is not marriage honorable in a beggar ?	1
let them guard the door.	1
we’ll have to think about it carefully .	1
o me ,  my heart ,  my rising heart !	1
it is hypocrisy against the devil .	1
your face ,  my thane ,  is as a book where men may read strange matters .	1
calling death  “ banishment ,  ”  thou cutt’st my head off with a golden ax and smilest upon the stroke that murders me .	1
if i did think, sir, i were well awake i'd strive to tell you.	1
we’ve got to act fast ,  my lord of the fairies .	1
no, you must see with your father’s eyes.	1
into what dangers would you lead me ,  cassius ,  that you would have me seek into myself for that which is not in me ?	1
let me unbutton this .	1
well put ,  maecenas .	1
i know the good king and queen have sent for you.	1
who was last with them ?	1
and the queen too, and they should be here presently.	1
no shame but mine .	1
the fish lives in the sea, and 'tis much pride for fair without the fair within to hide.	1
o fortune, fortune!	1
tomorrow will we be married .	1
no ,  you don’t need to worry about us ,  lorenzo .	1
i’m sure he’s somewhere on the island .	1
pray ,  then ,  foresee me one .	1
but no more spooky visions ! —where are the messengers ?	1
which of these bad things happened to him ?	1
but please tell me ,  who’s his best friend ?	1
my dear clever ariel ,  listen carefully .	1
i speak to thee plain soldier .	1
my father in his clothes as he lived!	1
tyranny is dead !	1
does any man hate the thing he wouldn’t kill ?	1
away, you black giant!	1
madam ,  not yet .	1
when the actors were talking about poison ?	1
arise and say how thou cam'st here.	1
my niece plantagenet led in the hand of her kind aunt of gloucester ?	1
i’ll end my exhortation after dinner .	1
why ,  wherefore ask you this ?	1
how durst you ,  villains ,  bring it from the dresser and serve it thus to me that love it not ?	1
you’re busted .	1
no man bears sorrow better .	1
this is a nasty tune too: but here's my comfort .	1
ay ,  my lord .	1
the ditty does remember my drowned father.	1
go ,  girl ,  seek happy nights to happy days .	1
yes ,  he was born at monmouth ,  captain gower .	1
there's such divinity that surrounds a king ,  that treason can only peep to what it would do ,  acts little by his will .	1
before me!	1
for my part ,  my lord ,  i didn’t intend to see you here; but ,  meeting with salanio by the way ,  he begged me ,  past all saying no ,  to come along with him .	1
did you see him enter this abbey ?	1
tender yourself more dearly, or—not to crack the wind of the poor phrase, running it thus—you'll tender me a fool.	1
by mary ,  young man ,  her mother is the lady of the house .	1
what, thou speak'st drowsily?	1
be the players ready.	1
i thank you for your pains and courtesy.	1
my husband !	1
it eats and sleeps and has the same five senses we do .	1
tyrrel ,  come back shortly after dinner and tell me the details of their deaths .	1
i am not a villain .	1
what are these things with shrunken skin and wild clothes, that don’t look not like they live on earth, only are still on it?	1
good my lord ,  how does your honour for this many a day ?	1
in parthia i took you prisoner; and then i made you swear ,  since i saved your life ,  that whatever i asked you to do ,  you should attempt it .	1
fast asleep, i guarantee her.	1
news from verona !	1
a play there is ,  my lord ,  some ten words long ,  which is as brief as i have known a play .	1
beware of entrance to a quarrel; but being in ,  bear't that the opposed may beware of thee .	1
what day is this ?	1
since his majesty went into the field ,  i have seen her rise from her bed ,  throw her nightgown upon her ,  unlock her closet ,  take out paper ,  fold it ,  write upon it ,  read it ,  afterwards seal it ,  and again return to bed .	1
i’m ready to suffer peacefully whatever he does to me in his cruelty and anger .	1
most royal sir ,  fleance is ’scaped .	1
o heavens !	1
don’t forget to come to our feast .	1
my lord, we must be alone now.	1
why ,  gentle sweet ,  you shall see no such thing .	1
my voice is in my sword .	1
look where he goes even now out at the portal!	1
the evil deed has turned itself on me .	1
ho ,  guildenstern !	1
it is impossible that you should see this if they were as prime as goats, as hot as monkeys, as salty as wolves in a pride, and fools as disgusting as ignorance made drunk.	1
the readiness is all.	1
what ,  are ancient pistol and you friends yet ?	1
not old enough to be a man ,  but not young enough to be a boy .	1
we found him in the churchyard.	1
is it good-den?	1
please ,  tell benedick about her feelings and see what he has to say .	1
if i can fasten but one cup upon him ,  with that which he hath drunk tonight already ,  he'll be as full of quarrel and offense as my young mistress' dog .	1
who among us stabbed him for any cause but justice ?	1
my father—methinks i see my father .	1
call philostrate .	1
so is lysander .	1
madam ,  i will .	1
o you hard hearts, you cruel men of rome, didn’t you know pompey?	1
therefore ,  every soldier should do as any man who is sick in his bed would do: clear his conscience of any stain .	1
where is polonius ?	1
in what part of her body stands ireland ?	1
now i change my mind ,  and partly credit things that do presage .	1
at once ,  good night .	1
ha!	1
your lady mother is coming to your chamber .	1
before i fall asleep ,  i entrust my soul to you .	1
but in that  “ no hope ”  there are great hopes for you !	1
oh ,  then you never loved as wholeheartedly as me .	1
sir ,  there she stands .	1
we do it wrong ,  its being so like the king ,  to offer it the show of violence ,  because it is ,  like the air ,  unable to be hurt ,  and our empty blows seem like a malicious joke .	1
the queen, my lord, is dead.	1
the tragic actors from the city ,  the ones you used to enjoy so much .	1
they would be better sentences, if you followed them well.	1
i'll make you quiet .	1
heaven doth truly know it.	1
give me your hand, roderigo.	1
now i fear this will make it start all over again ,  therefore let's follow him .	1
lock him in ,  so he can play the fool in his own home only .	1
well ,  all right then .	1
i gave it to dromio ,  who rushed in for it .	1
here lies the water ,  good .	1
i speak not yet of proof .	1
what must be will be .	1
be it so .	1
cassio was wrong to hurt montano ,  who was only trying to help him ,  but i’m sure the guy who ran away must have offended cassio in some terrible way ,  and cassio couldn’t let it pass .	1
much is breeding  which ,  like the courser’s hair ,  hath yet but life ,  and not a serpent’s poison .	1
why i should fear ,  i don’t know ,  since i don’t know guiltiness ,  but yet i feel i fear .	1
but was not this nigh shore?	1
i definitely will .	1
friendship is enduring except when love is involved .	1
i’ll send to one in mantua ,  where that same banished runagate doth live ,  shall give him such an unaccustomed dram that he shall soon keep tybalt company .	1
my gracious lord ,  i should tell you what i saw ,  but i don’t know how to say it .	1
god be good to you !	1
and you’re all sizzle .	1
catesby .	1
here’s romeo’s man .	1
orsino ,  noble sir ,  be pleased that i shake off these names you give me .	1
and i do think ,  or else this brain of mine hunts not the trail of policy so sure as it hath used to do ,  that i have found the very cause of hamlet's lunacy .	1
know that it was he ,  in the times past ,  which held you so under fortune ,  which you thought had been our innocent self ?	1
he dares not come there for the candle; for ,  you see ,  it is already in snuff .	1
look you here ,  here is himself ,  marred ,  as you see ,  with traitors .	1
you will lose this wager, my lord.	1
why ,  by making him incapable of othello's place; knocking his brains out .	1
if it pleases your majesty ,  it is the token of a man i must fight with ,  if he’s still alive .	1
to no more will i give place or notice .	1
come ,  menas .	1
fly ,  fly ,  my lord .	1
i will not be afraid of death and ruin, until birnam forest come to dunsinane.	1
are there scales here to weigh the flesh?	1
o scotland, scotland!	1
no, by my life and soul!	1
perchance he will not mind me.	1
who hath made this havoc with them ?	1
i found her adjusting the crown on her dead mistress .	1
why ,  last night .	1
what's hecuba to him, or he to hecuba, that he should weep for her?	1
it is merely a lust of the blood and a permission of the will .	1
malvolio ,  your vanity is damaging your good taste .	1
leave it alone ,  you fool .	1
my babes were destined to a fairer death if grace had blessed thee with a fairer life .	1
where are you coming from ?	1
where are you ,  demetrius ,  you arrogant bastard ?	1
think ,  my lord !	1
and what am i supposed to do in illyria ?	1
are those men waiting for us ?	1
smatter with your gossips ,  go .	1
how fares our cousin hamlet ?	1
what do you mean ,  my lord ?	1
oh ,  if you but knew how you the purpose cherish whiles thus you mock it !	1
casca will tell us what the matter is .	1
how many goodly creatures are there here !	1
the one who claims to be your wife just ran away from you .	1
yes ,  sir ,  but anger hath a privilege .	1
why ,  whose is it ?	1
well ,  i understand .	1
worthy montano, you were inclined to be civil; the world has marked he gravity and stillness of your youth and your name is great in mouths of wisest respect.	1
o, most wicked speed, to post with such dexterity to incestuous sheets!	1
as thick as hail came post with post ,  and every one did bear thy praises in his kingdom's great defense ,  and pour'd them down before him .	1
and trinculo is reeling ripe .	1
it is a lost fear; man can only rush against othello's breast ,  and he retires .	1
all’s well ,  sweeting ,  come away to bed . — myself will be your surgeon .	1
i have done.	1
but adieu .	1
you cram these words into my ears against the stomach of my sense.	1
it shall to the barber's, with your beard.	1
get her attention and draw her home with music .	1
it’s not true .	1
the sad spectacle of the wreck ,  which touched the very virtue of compassion in you ,  i have ordered so safely with similar use of my magic that there is no soul— no ,  not so much damage as to one hair happened to any creature on the vessel which you heard cry ,  which you saw sink .	1
behold where stands the usurper’s cursèd head .	1
villainous whore !	1
this likes me well.	1
i just meant that you should use some holy thistle .	1
tyrant ,  show your face !	1
why ,  then the polack never will defend it .	1
it is a business of some heat .	1
good my lord ,  if i have any grace or power to move you his present reconciliation take .	1
with all my heart .	1
come ,  one for me .	1
worthy gentleman !	1
how smart a lash that speech doth give my conscience !	1
beg that you may have permission to hang yourself; and still, your wealth being the penalty to pay the state, you haven’t got the value of a string left; so you must be hanged at the state's expense.	1
we’re sorry to hear this .	1
come ,  death ,  and welcome !	1
tell the king what you know about the battle when you left it.	1
avaunt, and quit my sight!	1
how dost thou ,  sweet lord ?	1
god say ,   “ amen ”  !	1
i have done nothing except to protect you, protect you, my dear one, you, my daughter, who doesn’t know what you are, not knowing where i come from or that i better than prospero, master of a full, poor dwelling, and your not so proud father.	1
for certes these are people of the island, who, though they are of monstrous shape, yet note, their manners are more gentle-kind than of our human generation you shall find many, nay, almost any.	1
i fear it ,  i promise you .	1
what, my love, shall i compare your eyes to?	1
when did you lose your daughter ?	1
as i remember ,  henry the sixth prophesied that richmond would be king when richmond was only a foolish little boy .	1
right.	1
with all my heart .	1
what's to be done?	1
the duke of gloucester ,  who has command over the siege ,  is in consultation with an irishman ,  a very valiant gentleman indeed .	1
yet but three ?	1
how then ?	1
let them in .	1
no ,  my lord .	1
please ,  let me stay .	1
i’ll scratch out your eyes ,  even if they could fly .	1
and yet she cheapens herself by turning her gaze on me ,  who cut her sweet prince’s life short and made her a widow ?	1
as freely ,  son ,  as god did give her me .	1
so go and put your stamp on the girl .	1
no .	1
by the mess ,  ere theise eyes of mine take themselves to slomber ,  ay’ll de gud service ,  or i’ll lig i' th' grund for it ,  ay ,  or go to death .	1
no die ,  but an ace ,  for him ,  because he is only one .	1
please— chiefly that i might say it in my prayers— what is your name ?	1
in that case ,  he’s more obliged to you than i am .	1
bring his will here ,  and we’ll figure out a way to reduce his bequests to the people .	1
heaven knows what she has known.	1
go get yourself a seat.	1
worthy macbeth ,  we stay upon your leisure .	1
sir ,  you say well ,  and well you do conceive .	1
what music is this?	1
that will never be .	1
carry me ,  good friends ,  to where cleopatra is .	1
hold on !	1
my friend ,  your husband ,  honest ,  honest iago .	1
check and see if he’s breathing .	1
ay—but not yet to die !	1
does it mean being truthful ?	1
calpurnia's cheek is pale ,  and cicero looks with the same beady and fiery eyes that we have seen on him in the capitol ,  when some senators disagreed with him in a meeting .	1
they want to talk .	1
upon his brow shame is asham'd to sit; for 'tis a throne where honour may be crown'd sole monarch of the universal earth.	1
well ,  peace be with you .	1
are you so hot ?	1
o me, o me!	1
i am sick at heart ,  when i behold seyton ,  i say !  -  this attack will give me the throne forever or unseat me now .	1
pardon me, julius!	1
yes, yes, the ropes.	1
give me your pardon, sir.	1
i’ll halt after .	1
i can only say this about her: if she looked different than she does ,  she would be ugly ,  and since she can’t be anything but herself ,  i don’t like her .	1
pray you ,  keep seat .	1
what ,  you don’t say a word ?	1
you should hear reason .	1
he had a thousand noses ,  horns whelked and waved like the enragèd sea .	1
my lord, there was no such stuff in my thoughts.	1
your threats are no stronger than her whining . —helena ,  i love you .	1
where does he sleep ?	1
i loved ophelia !	1
how green !	1
what’s the matter ?	1
and do it with all thy heart .	1
o i wish i had a falconer's voice to lure this hawk back to me again !	1
what news ?	1
here; what would my lord ?	1
o ,  well flown ,  bird .	1
cheer up and be at peace .	1
i'll get me to a place with more space, and there speak to great caesar as he comes along.	1
listen to my cause, and be silent, so you can hear.	1
gentles, perhaps you wonder at this show; but wonder on until the truth makes all things clear.	1
come ,  is the bride ready to go to church ?	1
through the house give glimmering light ,  by the dead and drowsy fire .	1
you are welcome ,  sir .	1
i guarantee you .	1
what do you say now ?	1
yet must not we put the strong law on him .	1
it’s new to you .	1
searching the window for a match ,  i found this paper sealed up like this ,  and i’m sure it wasn’t there when i went to bed .	1
he did ,  and from my finger snatched that ring .	1
there's a bargain made .	1
gentlemen, you are welcome to elsinore.	1
he has kill'd me ,  mother .	1
you ,  sir ,  where’s my daughter ?	1
i can see you don’t like this gentleman .	1
hie ,  make haste ,  make haste .	1
when it is paid according to the tenor .	1
i’ll ask later; first let’s go in to dinner.	1
hang up thy mistress !	1
it proves not so .	1
then hie you hence to friar laurence’ cell; there stays a husband to make you a wife.	1
i shall have glory by this losing day more than octavius and mark antony by this vile conquest shall attain unto .	1
now art thou sociable, now art thou romeo; now art thou what thou art, by art as well as by nature.	1
was someone as beautiful as you meant to be a whore ?	1
romeo!	1
we shall further think on ’t .	1
i am called dercetus .	1
in the great hand of god i stand ,  and thence against the undivulged pretense i fight of treasonous malice .	1
how’s my nephew doing ,  noble lord of york ?	1
what do you think ,  norfolk ?	1
good my lord ,  put your discourse into some frame ,  and start not so wildly from my affair .	1
if we shadows have offended ,  think but this ,  and all is mended ,  that you have but slumber'd here while these visions did appear .	1
i promise you your kindred hath made my eyes water ere now.	1
forever and forever ,  farewell ,  cassius !	1
how dost thou under- stand the scripture?	1
ha !	1
comfort me .	1
prithee, peace.	1
i thank thee ,  good tubal .	1
i am glad to see you mad .	1
my name is decretus .	1
forth at your eyes your spirits wildly peep; and, as the sleeping soldiers in the alarm, your bedded hairs, like life in excrements, start up and stand on end.	1
don’t stand there in shock.	1
why ,  this that i speak of .	1
farewell .	1
since no man has anything of what he leaves ,  what is it to leave soon ?	1
farewell .	1
with patience ,  noble lord ,  as prisoners must .	1
confess ! —handkerchief ! —oh ,  devil ! — work on ,  my medicine ,  work !	1
news from verona ! —how now ,  balthasar ?	1
i am only hurt .	1
do so ,  and after two days i will discharge thee .	1
otherwise ,  i’ll die a virgin ,  devoted to you .	1
good - bye !	1
these words are not mine .	1
good meat ,  sir ,  is common; that every churl affords .	1
where is my love?	1
answer me like men .	1
no.	1
my lord, i wish that thursday were tomorrow.	1
who’s talking to him now ?	1
i pray you, pardon me; i cannot speak.	1
how goes ’t ?	1
you weren’t good enough for her .	1
they only pretend, pretend to poison, no offense in the world.	1
impatient of my absence ,  and grief that young octavius with mark antony have made themselves so strong: for with her death that tidings came: with this she fell distract ,  and ,  her attendants absent ,  swallow'd fire .	1
he may command me as my king ,  but you still have power over me as a relative .	1
my only love, sprung from my only hate!	1
give me your hand ,  leonato .	1
the visitor will not give him o'er so.	1
for your house,—briefly.	1
saw’st thou him enter at the abbey here ?	1
then show it me .	1
it’s my daughter !	1
why should you think that i should woo in scorn?	1
alas ,  thou hast misconstrued every thing !	1
what’s the matter ,  lady ?	1
you are a lover .	1
i would thou couldst!	1
what's the disease he means?	1
go ,  leave me .	1
what’s the matter, my love!	1
you have quarreled with a man for coughing in the street ,  because he woke up your dog that was asleep in the sun .	1
and yet ,  against all odds ,  i win her over !	1
thou art translated .	1
what lady's that ,  which doth enrich the hand of yonder knight ?	1
oh ,  he’s really gone .	1
where the devil should this romeo be ?	1
let’s go !	1
it’s gone .	1
happy be theseus ,  our renownèd duke .	1
and yet i do love you .	1
i’ve been hurt .	1
i hope you have good weather to set your mind at ease .	1
take thou some new infection to thy eye ,  and the rank poison of the old will die .	1
he grows worse and worse .	1
your reason .	1
farewell .	1
oh ,  excellent !	1
my heart is very light in my chest ,  and all this day an unusually happy spirit lifts me above the ground with cheerful thoughts .	1
o day!	1
read the will !	1
let me lick thy shoe .	1
eight score eight hours?	1
he is ,  indeed ,  sir ,  the most skillful ,  bloody ,  and fatal opposite that you could possibly have found in any part of illyria .	1
o, you and i have heard our fathers say there was a brutus once that would have fought the eternal devil to keep his status in rome, as easily as he would fight a king!	1
our time does call upon's .	1
no ,  noble mistress; it is fresh morning with me when you are near at night .	1
o ,  grief hath changed me since you saw me last ,  and careful hours with time’s deformèd hand have written strange defeatures in my face .	1
let go his arm .	1
in my soul ,  i believe hero has been falsely accused .	1
i will catechize the world for him; that is, make ques- tions and by them answer.	1
i will die and leave him my entire estate .	1
why ,  we are still handling our ewes ,  and their fells ,  you know ,  are greasy .	1
your lips will feel them the sooner .	1
remember that you call on me today .	1
be angry whenever you want to, it’ll have a purpose; do whatever you want to, dishonor shall be a joke.	1
how many goodly creatures are there here !	1
another general shout!	1
when this advice is free i give and honest ,  probal to thinking ,  and indeed the course to win the moor again ?	1
romeo is banished, and all the world is nothing if he ever dares to come back to fight for you.	1
we'll hear the will .	1
would it were day !	1
although we must appear bloody and cruel now, as you can see by our hands and this recent deed; still you can only see our hands and this bleeding business they have done.	1
it shall be called  “ bottom’s dream ”  because it hath no bottom .	1
i have to do it ,  i have to do it .	1
but ,  in the truth of praise ,  i take him to be a soul of great note ,  and his infusion of such dearth and rareness as ,  to make true talk of him ,  he is what you see ,  and whoever copies him ,  is his shadow ,  nothing more .	1
it’s almost morning .	1
damn them then ,  if ever mortal eyes see them in any bed other than their own !	1
it’s sad ,  but iago knows she had sex with cassio a thousand times .	1
have i, my lord?	1
lend me your handkerchief .	1
speak, nephew, were you by when it began?	1
i think a story like that would win my own daughter over .	1
since this fortune falls to you ,  be content and seek no new .	1
but gods ,  you give us faults so we’ll be human .	1
farewell the neighing steed and the shrill trump ,  the spirit - stirring drum ,  th' ear - piercing fife ,  the royal banner ,  and all quality ,  pride ,  pomp ,  and circumstance of glorious war !	1
of nothing.	1
now, the next day was our sea-fight; and what to this was sequent thou know'st already.	1
but men may construe things after their fashion ,  clean from the purpose of the things themselves .	1
i am glad this batch of would-be husbands are so reasonable; because there isn’t one of them that i am not foolishly in love with his very absence, and i pray god grant them a fair departure.	1
in every good thing .	1
good morning to you both.	1
why then ,  the mustard without the beef .	1
so, uncle, there you are.	1
what's thy pleasure ?	1
farewell .	1
you ,  fellow ,  step out of the crowd .	1
had he his hurts before ?	1
ready, ready; and here's a marvelously convenient place for our rehearsal.	1
come, bird, come.	1
isn’t that your habit ?	1
i pray you, sir, go forth, and give us truth who 'tis that is arrived.	1
brother anthony—	1
do all men kill the things they do not love ?	1
this avarice sticks deeper ,  grows with more pernicious root than summer - seeming lust ,  and it hath been the sword of our slain kings .	1
why sinks that cauldron ?	1
seek him ,  titinius ,  whilst i go to meet the noble brutus ,  thrusting this report into his ears .	1
here's the smell of the blood still.	1
tell them so ,  publius .	1
here let them lie till famine and the ague eat them up .	1
did you hear that ?	1
fortune is merry ,  and in this mood will give us anything .	1
what news ?	1
what did your song mean ,  lady ?	1
almost the middle of the night.	1
yes ,  as much as you look like yourself .	1
nothing ,  madam .	1
tis a monster begot upon itself, born on itself.	1
i wish it might prove the end of his losses .	1
beautiful lady ,  excuse me; i come off to the side ,  to give and to receive .	1
bully - monster ,  coragio !	1
o ,  it is evil in her .	1
what ,  in our house ?	1
why not ?	1
hast thou no mouth by land?	1
i will set down what she says, to satisfy my remembrance the more strongly.	1
believe me ,  i’m not .	1
every hour he comes out with some horrible new offense that puts us all on edge .	1
please ,  tell me more .	1
don’t imagine that i’ll ever allow myself to return to rome in chains .	1
so get you hence in peace .	1
no ,  the man who cannot extol the virtues of my horse from dawn to dusk is not particularly clever .	1
i'll not be made a soft and dull-ey'd fool, to shake the head, relent, and sigh, and yield to christian intercessors.	1
oh ,  treason of the blood !	1
it’s a nice hazy feeling ,  so give in to it .	1
oh, wise and upright judge, how much more older are you than your looks!	1
i’ll go join him there ,  going down deeper than any anchor ever sank ,  and lie with him dead in the mud .	1
and so did i .	1
come, tears, confound; out, sword, and wound the pap (heart) of pyramus.	1
there's fennel for you, and columbines.	1
get out, servant; rude fellow, go away!	1
why are they running away ?	1
but ,  if you knew to whom you show this honour ,  how true a gentleman you send relief ,  how dear a lover of my lord your husband ,  i know you would be prouder of the work ,  than customary bounty can enforce you .	1
you drank horses’ urine and water from scum - covered puddles that even animals would refuse .	1
a backbiting friend ,  one who grabs people ,  who patrols the streets and passageways .	1
i saw him once .	1
although you deserve praise ,  applause ,  and love ,  right now the duke misconstrues everything you’ve done .	1
by all the gods that romans bow before, i here discard my sickness!	1
good morning, caesar.	1
i don’t want you to know, dearest sweetheart, until you can applaud the deed.	1
with all my heart . —three or four of you go welcome him . —in the meantime ,  i’ll read bellario’s letter out loud .	1
i won’t be taken for a fool who sighs and gives in to christian meddlers .	1
i swear i will— come on ,  let’s go see what happens .	1
welcome ,  iago; we must to the watch .	1
o ,  serve me well ,  and teach yourselves that duty !	1
a lazy disposition ,  my good lord .	1
maybe some merchant at the marketplace invited him home for lunch .	1
thus far has our straining author pursued the story with his crude ,  inadequate writing ,  keeping important people penned up in this little room while he mangled history’s full glory with his uneven telling .	1
go after .	1
how was this sealed?	1
but what talk we of fathers when there is such a man as orlando ?	1
for certain ,  sir ,  he is not .	1
macbeth!	1
if not ,  ’tis true this parting was well made .	1
by this light ,  a most perfidious and drunken monster .	1
nothing .	1
this not to do ,  so grace and mercy at your most need help you ,  swear .	1
the moblèd queen ”  ?	1
why?	1
starveling !	1
if we grow all to be pork - eaters ,  we shall not shortly have a rasher on the coals for money .	1
what is the matter?	1
a foolish heart that i leave here behind .	1
let me see the county .	1
sir ,  here is newly come to court laertes; believe me ,  an absolute gentleman ,  full of most excellent differences ,  of very soft society and great showing .	1
how  what ,  are you jealous ,  oberon ? —fairies ,  let’s get out of here .	1
and then, i admit, he may do danger, at his will, with a sting that we put in him.	1
two of the fairest stars in all the heaven ,  having some business ,  do entreat her eyes to twinkle in their spheres till they return .	1
well ,  i will call beatrice to you ,  who i think hath legs .	1
if i were your average fool ,  or if i made my feelings for you worthless by making the same promises of friendship to everybody ,  or if you’d seen me first flattering men ,  hugging them tightly ,  and later slandering them behind their backs ,  or if you hear that i drunkenly declare friendship at banquets with all the rabble ,  only then ,  of course ,  go ahead and assume i’m dangerous .	1
will you pleasure me ?	1
my dear othello !	1
for divers unknown reasons ,  i beseech you ,  grant me this boon .	1
love goes toward love as schoolboys from their books; but love from love, towards school with heavy looks.	1
as if that name of romeo ,  shot from the deadly level of a gun ,  murdered her the same way as that name's cursed hand murdered her kinsman .	1
nay, we must think men are not gods, i was, unhandsome warrior as i am, arraigning his unkindness with my soul; but now i find i had suborn'd the witness, and he's indicted falsely.	1
this is the fruits of whoring .	1
he lies to the heart.	1
all hail ,  macbeth !	1
she’s not feeling well .	1
with him!	1
come here .	1
are you fair ?	1
impatient of my absence ,  and grief that young octavius with mark antony have made themselves so strong—for with her death that tidings came—with this she fell distract and ,  her attendants absent ,  swallowed fire .	1
therefore i say again that he must have used some powerful drug or magic potion on her .	1
beware of entrance to a quarrel ,  but being in ,  bear ’t that th' opposèd may beware of thee .	1
belike this show imports the argument of the play .	1
here all eyes gaze on us .	1
if to do were as easy as to know what were good to do, chapels had been churches, and poor men's cottages princes' palaces.	1
come on ,  you are as hot as any fellow in your mood as anyone else in italy; and you are soon moved to be moody ,  and soon moody to be moved .	1
thou canst not speak of that thou dost not feel .	1
the dropsy drown this fool !	1
or, if he wrote his mind, give me his letter.	1
revenge his foul and most unnatural murder .	1
i am not yet so low that my nails can’t reach yours eyes .	1
and ,  as the speaker of any prologue should ,  i ask you to hear our play courteously and to judge it kindly .	1
a double blessing is a double grace; occasion smiles upon a second leave.	1
we’re at your service ,  my lord .	1
how came we ashore?	1
to gonzalo] i prithee, spare.	1
if in naples i should report this now ,  would they believe me ?	1
you’re so much older than you look !	1
in private ?	1
think you to walk forth?	1
give me the goblets .	1
look on the tragic load on this bed; this is your work .	1
o, it offends me to the soul to hear a robustious periwig-pated fellow tear a passion to tatters, to very rags, to split the ears of the groundlings, who, for the most part, are capable of nothing but inexplicable dumb-shows and noise.	1
now ,  my titania; wake you ,  my sweet queen .	1
o banquo ,  banquo ,  our royal master’s murdered !	1
when prospero is destroyed .	1
i do but beg a little changeling boy ,  to be my henchman .	1
it’s true, my brother's daughter is queen of tunis; she also inherits naples; there is some distance between the two countries.	1
at my unworthiness, that dares not offer to you what i desire to give you, or much less take what i shall die to want from you.	1
i know you know something about how excellent laertes is—	1
i will read it.	1
me quiet!	1
the greatest hurdle is behind me.	1
i think that thou art just and think thou art not .	1
just the same, i'll hide close by.	1
good then, casca.	1
god shield i should disturb devotion ! — juliet ,  on thursday early will i rouse ye .	1
mass ,  and well said; a merry whoreson ,  ha !	1
you know we work by wit and not by witchcraft; and wit depends on slow time .	1
but that’s all one: omittance is no quittance .	1
but he kept chattering so foolishly ,  talking about you in such insulting and despicable terms ,  that it was hard for me to restrain myself .	1
thou didst drink the stale of horses and the gilded puddle which beasts would cough at .	1
well ,  be may chance to do some good on her .	1
what, is brutus sick, and will he steal out of his wholesome bed to dare the vile contagion of the night and tempt the rheumy and unpurged air to add unto his sickness?	1
read this schedule .	1
who knows not he is dead !	1
but when push comes to shove ,  they droop like those horses that are all show and slow to a crawl .	1
look, my gentle love is awakened!	1
spake you of caesar ?	1
what would you ?	1
i hear him .	1
then every soldier must kill his prisoners .	1
i ,  sir ,  am dromio .	1
let us hear him .	1
i know a wench of excellent discourse ,  pretty and witty ,  wild and yet ,  too ,  gentle .	1
they say the owl was a baker's daughter .	1
where are you ?	1
you might have rhymed those lines.	1
but tell me why didn’t you take action against these things, so full of crime and punishable by death, as you mainly were upset by concern for your safety, wisdom, if nothing else.	1
you do, and you think it’s a lot to walk the waves of the ocean, to run on the sharp wind of the north, to do my business under the earth when it is baked with frost.	1
can a man do it ?	1
no, you must forget that.	1
i shouldn’t see the time pass in the sands of an hour - glass but i’d be thinking about shallows and sandbars ,  and seeing my wealthy ship of war run aground ,  lowering her high top sails lower than her hull to sink .	1
where are you going ?	1
no .	1
i take my leave at once .	1
let him approach.	1
what, art thou hurt?	1
i have used thee ,  filth as thou art ,  with human care ,  and lodged thee in mine own cell ,  till thou didst seek to violate the honour of my child .	1
i' faith ,  coz ,  ’tis he .	1
six or seven thousand ,  at most .	1
i am glad to see you well . — horatio ?	1
o my heart ,  your hope ends here !	1
that was in thy rage .	1
indeed ,  his mocking spirit has now crawled into a  truly ,  it all adds up to a serious story for benedick .	1
yet stay awhile, thou shalt not back till i have borne this corse into the market-place.	1
and you are hidden, sweetheart, even in the lovely garments of a boy.	1
you have lost no reputation at all unless you repute yourself such a loser .	1
would i have never married my daughter there !	1
i pray thee ,  peace .	1
i’m done for .	1
no ,  sir .	1
what, rouse thee, man!	1
the four strangers are looking for you, madam, to say their goodbyes, and there is a messenger come from a fifth, the prince of morocco, who brings word the prince, his master, will be here tonight.	1
where ?	1
yes ,  i do .	1
lorenzo, and your love.	1
it is an honor that i do not dream of .	1
whereon i do beseech thee ,  grant me this ,  to leave me but a little to myself .	1
alas, my lord, what may you mean by that?	1
and how does your content tender your own good fortune?	1
what ,  may it please you ,  shall i do at salisbury ?	1
in happy time.	1
i am no fee’d post ,  lady .	1
welcome ,  my lord .	1
kinsmen ,  i hope the time is coming when people will be safe in their own bedrooms .	1
good night, sweet prince, and flights of angels sing you to your rest!	1
music !	1
can you remember the time before you came to live in this shack ?	1
your looks are pale and wild and do import some misadventure .	1
my noble father, i see a divided duty here.	1
what do you say?	1
but was not this nigh shore ?	1
the measure done, i'll watch her place of stand and, touching hers, make blessed my rude hand.	1
thou ,  why ,  thou wilt quarrel with a man that hath a hair more or a hair less in his beard than thou hast .	1
she had a song of  “ willow ” ; an old thing 'twas ,  but it express'd her fortune ,  and she died singing it .	1
for every thing is seal'd and done that else leans on the affair.	1
i swear ,  i love you .	1
come ,  desdemona ,  once more well met at cyprus .	1
mass ,  i cannot tell .	1
the note lies in ’s throat ,  if he say i said so .	1
is it possible?	1
no .	1
this will make our actions seem practical and not vengeful .	1
he that thou knowest thine ,  hamlet .	1
aren’t i hermia?	1
nothing ,  but this is so .	1
do they hold the same estimation they did when i was in the city?	1
what, hello!	1
he certainly flattered them both with extravagant compliments .	1
how chance the roses there do fade so fast ?	1
was it hamlet who wronged laertes ?	1
where should we meet ?	1
i’ve got news ,  boys ,  the war’s over !	1
why ,  there was a crown offered to him ,  and when it was offered to him ,  he pushed it away with the back of his hand ,  like this ,  and then the people started shouting .	1
her blood has stopped ,  and her joints are stiff .	1
what is the matter ,  my lord ?	1
if we imagine no worse of them than they of themselves ,  they may pass for excellent men .	1
if not the face of men, the suffering of our souls, the waste of time— if these motives are weak, let’s break it off now, and every man go away to his lazy rest, let high-sighted tyranny range on until each man drops by chance.	1
good night to you .	1
have i thought long to see this morning’s face ,  and doth it give me such a sight as this ?	1
that way is to call her beauty ,  which is exquisite ,  more into question .	1
he’s safe for these three hours .	1
that’s true .	1
ay, so he says.	1
a deed without a name .	1
i'll say that that gray streak is not the morning sun, it’s only the pale reflection of cynthia's brow; and that’s not the lark whose notes hit the high ceiling of heaven so high above our heads.	1
i prithee now ,  ungird thy strangeness and tell me what i shall vent to my lady .	1
sir, have pity; i'll be his guarantee.	1
no cause ,  no cause .	1
sweet now ,  silence .	1
and how doth she ?	1
how long has he been in there ?	1
this shall determine that .	1
o, she will sing the savageness out of a bear.	1
yes, other men have bad luck too.	1
follow the noise so far as we have quarter; let’s see how it will give off .	1
lorenzo and salerio ,  welcome hither ,  if that the youth of my new interest here have power to bid you welcome .	1
don’t you letters to me from the friar ?	1
if you weren’t a man ,  then what kind of animal were you when you first told me you wanted to do this ?	1
what are you there ?	1
if love be blind, love cannot hit the mark.	1
i’ll not be made a soft and dull - eyed fool to shake the head ,  relent and sigh ,  and yield to christian intercessors .	1
pindarus ,  bid our commanders lead their charges off a little from this ground .	1
not tonight—today .	1
no ,  i went round to work ,  and my young mistress thus i did bespeak:  “ lord hamlet is a prince out of thy star .	1
sweet gertrude, leave us too; for we have closely sent for hamlet hither, that he, as 'twere by accident, may here affront ophelia.	1
you are welcome, masters, welcome, all.	1
what i am truly ,  is thine and my poor country's to command: whither indeed ,  before thy here - approach ,  old siward ,  with ten thousand warlike men ,  already at a point ,  was setting forth .	1
but i still have a little memory left ,  and there’s still some fire in my eyes; my dull ,  deaf ears can still hear a little .	1
kind gentlemen, every day i turn the page, your pains are registered where i can read them.	1
a quarrel ,  but nothing wherefore .	1
what do i care what curious eye lists my deformities ?	1
signior montano, your trusty and very valiant servant, salutes you like this, with his free duty, and begs you to believe him.	1
o lorenzo ,  if thou keep promise ,  i shall end this strife ,  become a christian and thy loving wife .	1
if she deny to wed ,  i’ll crave the day when i shall ask the banns and when be marrièd .	1
yea ,  wherefore should she not ?	1
give me your hand .	1
marry ,  bachelor ,  her mother is the lady of the house .	1
i would he had boarded me .	1
i know you are not lazy .	1
god bless you ,  my friend ,  and your music too .	1
did you see that ?	1
you must say ‘paragon.’ a paramour is—god bless us!—a thing of naught.	1
turn up on your right hand at the next turning ,  but ,  at the next turning of all ,  on your left; marry ,  at the very next turning ,  turn of no hand ,  but turn down indirectly to the jew's house .	1
are you not well ?	1
if we walk on the well - worn paths ,  they won’t get caught in our petticoats .	1
why ,  ’tis not possible .	1
now i'll tell you without asking .	1
what, you egg!	1
o stephano, two neapolitans scaped!	1
go release them ,  ariel .	1
that you have wronged me doth appear in this: you have condemned and noted lucius pella for taking bribes here of the sardians ,  wherein my letters ,  praying on his side because i knew the man ,  were slighted off .	1
it makes us or it ruins us; think on that, and make your resolution very firm.	1
oh ,  strange !	1
that counts for everything .	1
how ,  i pray ?	1
sir ,  the queen .	1
silence !	1
my wit’s diseased .	1
best of comfort ,  and ever welcome to us .	1
no ,  messala .	1
at mine own house, good lady.	1
why ,  she was dead ere thou wast born .	1
i’ll run from thee and hide me in the brakes ,  and leave thee to the mercy of wild beasts .	1
how now ,  what’s the matter ?	1
let us leave everything and give our vineyards to the barbarous nation .	1
meantime forbear ,  and let mischance be slave to patience . — bring forth the parties of suspicion .	1
he needs to see you right away .	1
rebellious hell, if thou canst mutine in a matron's bones, to flaming youth let virtue be as wax and melt in her own fire.	1
are you headed to the tower ?	1
if thou wert my fool ,  nuncle ,  i’d have thee beaten for being old before thy time .	1
why should not we be there in person ?	1
yes ,  i have great cause to be thankful .	1
we are yet but young in deed .	1
for god’s sake ,  my lord ,  let’s be sure to be part of the group that meets the prince .	1
here let them lie until famine and the plague eat them up.	1
pray ,  chuck ,  come hither .	1
griefs of mine own lie heavy in my breast ,  which thou wilt propagate ,  to have it prest with more of thine .	1
why ,  here in denmark .	1
no one admires speed more than the lazy .	1
are you insane ?	1
he is not yet arrived; nor know i aught but that he's well and will be shortly here .	1
just a man ,  like any other .	1
well ,  if you could have just an inch of better fortune than me ,  where would you like the improvement ?	1
meantime we thank you for your well-took labour.	1
your ghost walks the earth and turns our swords toward our own stomachs .	1
ay ,  i thank god ,  my father ,  and yourself .	1
well, i must leave her company.	1
this ,  casca .	1
god keep your worship !	1
marry ,  i will ,  and this is wisely done .	1
have you told her what we have decided for her?	1
where's antony?	1
how did we come ashore?	1
time ,  you anticipate my dread deeds .	1
well ,  i am standing water .	1
call 'em .	1
thisbe!	1
for naught so vile that on the earth doth live but to the earth some special good doth give .	1
tis most true; and he beseech'd me to entreat your majesties to hear and see the matter .	1
as soon as you kill prospero .	1
who do you think you are coming in here armed ?	1
did he not say my brother was fled ?	1
leonato’s daughter had told us everything .	1
that’s what i said when i first conjured the tempest .	1
he is worth more mourning than that ,  and i will mourn for him .	1
i’ll be right with you .	1
sent he to macduff ?	1
i had forgotten about you .	1
follow me not .	1
hold ,  for your lives !	1
she wants to speak with you in her bedroom before you go to bed.	1
be as you are accustomed to being; see as you are accustomed to seeing.	1
what ,  art thou drawn among these heartless hinds ?	1
upon my sword .	1
did you not speak to it ?	1
very foul .	1
added to these ,  of knights ,  esquires ,  and gallant gentlemen ,  eight thousand and four hundred ,  of the which ,  five hundred were but yesterday dubbed knights .	1
you would do very well, good reynaldo, before you visit him, to ask someone about his behavior.	1
that is the very defect of the matter, sir.	1
give this ring to my true knight ,  and bid him come to take his last farewell .	1
tell me not ,  friar ,  that thou hear'st of this ,  unless thou tell me how i may prevent it .	1
here is more news .	1
i know you are my eldest brother ,  and in the gentle condition of blood you should so know me .	1
do not weep, do not weep.	1
so is my horse ,  octavius ,  and for that i do appoint him store of provender .	1
oh ,  much i fear some ill unthrifty thing .	1
list'ning their fear i could not say  “ amen ,  ”  when they did say  “ god bless us !  ”  consider it not so deeply .	1
i will go with thee .	1
alas ,  poor country !	1
she is not well .	1
i don’t think a team of oxen could get them close enough to fight .	1
nay ,  i beseech you ,  sir ,  be not out with me .	1
be silent ,  or else my magic spell will be broken .	1
ay ,  marry ,  why was he sent into england ?	1
unless i have mista'en his colors much ,  which well i am assured i have not done ,  his regiment lies half a mile ,  at least ,  south from the mighty power of the king .	1
then stay with us .	1
what does the silver say, with her virgin color?	1
can i bear that with patience and not my husband's secrets?	1
yes ,  it faded away when the rooster crowed .	1
fled to england !	1
caesar ,  you cannot die by traitors' hands ,  unless you bring them with you .	1
is this your good friend who’s in so much trouble ?	1
i beg you ,  keep up your jokes .	1
i hear thou must, and nothing may prorogue it, on thursday next be married to this county.	1
it’s true .	1
hello ,  good sir .	1
but fare you well .	1
here’s mine .	1
and what says my concealed lady to our canceled love ?	1
hark ,  tranio !	1
no thisbe do i see.	1
is it because of	1
friends ,  go .	1
whip me such honest knaves .	1
lady, amen.	1
this king of naples ,  being an old enemy of mine ,  listens my brother's request ,  which was ,  that he ,  instead of the promises of allegiance and i don’t know how much protection money ,  should presently drive me and my family out of the dukedom ,  and give the fair city of milan ,  with all the honors to my brother: which ,  with a treacherous army recruited ,  on a midnight assigned to the purpose ,  antonio opened the gates of milan; and ,  in the dead of darkness ,  the ones given the job hurried me and your crying self from there .	1
hail ,  brave friend !	1
he will ,  an if he live to be a man .	1
why ,  what's that to you ?	1
as you go through the house ,  use the dead and drowsy fire to give glimmering light ,  every elf and fairy spirit hop as lightly as bird hops from a thorn: and sing this little song ,  following me ,  and dance it as you sing it .	1
this is trebonius .	1
where love is great, the littlest doubts are very fearful, where little fears grow great, great love also grows there.	1
this comes too near the praising of myself ,  therefore ,  no more of it: hear other things .	1
i rather think you have not sought her help, of whose soft grace for the like loss i have her sovereign aid, and rest myself content.	1
the tears have got small victory by that, for it was bad enough before their spite.	1
this is his sword .	1
is banquo gone from court ?	1
two of the fairest stars in all the heaven, having some business, do entreat her eyes to twinkle in their spheres till they return.	1
an thou make minstrels of us ,  look to hear nothing but discords .	1
i think antonio only loves the world for him.	1
i will incontinently drown myself .	1
had all his hairs been lives ,  my great revenge had stomach for them all .	1
farewell ,  my coz .	1
who’s there ,  in th' other devil’s name ?	1
she’s desperate .	1
behold ,  sir .	1
alas ,  poor rogue !	1
i haven’t even heard a mouse squeak .	1
yet let me weep for such a feeling loss.	1
our enemies have driven us to the edge of the grave .	1
o mercy ,  god !	1
no ,  not an oath .	1
and so had i ,  but yet ,  for fashion sake ,  i thank you too for your society .	1
it’s a play about ten words long ,  which is the shortest play i’ve ever heard of .	1
the hai !	1
good lads ,  how do ye both ?	1
is ’t possible ?	1
in this slumbery agitation ,  besides her walking and other actual performances ,  what ,  at any time ,  have you heard her say ?	1
the more’s the pity that some honest neighbors will not make them friends .	1
thou shalt not be the worse for me: there’s gold .	1
the flighty purpose never is understood unless the deed goes with it .	1
here comes the owner of one piece .	1
welcome ,  gentlemen !	1
who ever knew the heavens could be so threatening ?	1
i’ll get your goats ,  audrey .	1
then i wish you were so honest a man .	1
on my knees, what does your speech mean?	1
thou torturest me ,  tubal .	1
whip me ,  ye devils ,  from the possession of this heavenly sight !	1
when ?	1
here come the lovers, full of joy and mirth.	1
now ,  if that’s true—and it’s obviously true—who’s in a better position than cassio ?	1
i’ll serve you ,  sir ,  five hundred at the rate .	1
sir ,  in my heart there was a kind of fighting that would not let me sleep .	1
so think carefully about what you want ,  beautiful hermia .	1
your fault our law calls death; but the kind prince, taking your part, has brushed aside the law, and turned that black word “death” to banishment.	1
why ,  what should be the fear ?	1
is the building of your love already in ruins ?	1
your  i mean my daughter is my flesh and blood .	1
amen !	1
where?	1
just send him here ,  and i’ll persuade him .	1
o noble judge !	1
farewell the plumed troop and the big wars that make ambition virtue !	1
he jests at scars that never felt a wound.	1
i can’t let my lips say his name;  “ no man must know .  ”	1
gremio ,  this is no time to compete over how deeply we love bianca .	1
i have't .	1
she desires to speak with you in her closet ,  ere you go to bed .	1
hide it in smiles and affability .	1
this is the door .	1
hum !	1
not even to get her fan ,  or her gloves ,  or her mask ,  or anything ?	1
while you’re moving around and you are hot and dry, since you’ll make your bouts more violent to that purpose, and he calls for drink, i’ll have prepared a goblet for him for that purpose, so that even only sipping, if he escapes your stick of venom by luck, we can be successful this way.	1
change into better clothes .	1
and let us do it with no show of fear ,  no ,  with no more than if we heard that england were busied with a whitsun morris - dance .	1
no .	1
filth ,  thou liest !	1
in a town of war still waging, the people's hearts brimful of fear, to control private and domestic quarrels, at night, and on the court and guard of safety!	1
scrape the plates!	1
do you really mean to go after this wildcat ?	1
your father was ever virtuous; and holy men at their death have good inspirations; therefore, the lottery that he hath devised in these three chests, of gold, silver, and lead, (whereof who chooses his meaning chooses you,) will, no doubt, never be chosen by any rightly, but one who you shall rightly love.	1
my estate is very low .	1
perchance he is not drown’d . —what think you ,  sailors ?	1
tis all one.	1
what miserable praise have you for her that's ugly and foolish?	1
were the world mine ,  demetrius being bated ,  the rest i’d give to be to you translated .	1
put your bonnet to his right use.	1
jesus ,  what’s your hurry ?	1
where do they live?	1
give her this key ,  and tell her in the desk that’s cover’d o'er with turkish tapestry there is a purse of ducats .	1
i have heard where many of the best respect in rome, except immortal caesar, speaking of brutus, and groaning underneath this age's yoke, have wish'd that noble brutus had his eyes.	1
no ,  indeed ,  my lord .	1
go ,  get some water and wash this filthy witness from your hand .	1
you know ,  i saw the duchess of milan’s gown ,  the one that everyone praises so highly .	1
i mean ,  to go ,  sir ,  to enter .	1
marry ,  before your ladyship ,  i grant ,  she puts her tongue a little in her heart and chides with thinking .	1
knock ,  knock !	1
ask him in here .	1
never make denial .	1
fast, i warrant her, she.	1
nay ,  that’s certain .	1
lord ,  how it looks about !	1
you could ,  for a need ,  study a speech of some dozen or sixteen lines which i would set down and insert in ’t ,  could you not ?	1
i will assume desert:—give me a key for this ,  and instantly unlock my fortunes here .	1
it never ceases to amaze me the way people ignore the correct ,  traditional principles and rules of war .	1
believe me ,  i had rather have lost my purse full of crusadoes; and ,  but my noble moor is true of mind and made of no such baseness as jealous creatures are ,  it were enough to put him to ill thinking .	1
as plain as i see you now .	1
yes ,  leave that labor to great hercules—it’s worse than the previous twelve put together .	1
my next is 'most fair pyramus .	1
do you come near me now ?	1
i didn’t survive a shipwreck so i could be scared of your four legs now .	1
o, she was evil!	1
my lord, he hath importuned me with love in honourable fashion.	1
oh !	1
my god ,  that’s my handkerchief !	1
therefore do nimble-pinion'd doves draw love, and therefore hath the wind-swift cupid wings.	1
how did she become a widow?	1
i think upon't, i think, i smell't, o villainy!	1
the time ’twixt six and now must by us both be spent most preciously .	1
i am not in the giving vein today .	1
what promise, dear?	1
look how your servants wait on you ,  each one ready to do whatever you command .	1
tis past ,  and so am i .	1
what do you mean by this haunting of me?	1
why ,  it stood by her .	1
he said she was unfaithful ?	1
why, saw you anything more wonderful?	1
i’d rather give myself up to the hatred of a violent brother who refuses to recognize that we are brothers .	1
no more than my staying here in rome might mean to you in egypt .	1
good morning ,  brutus .	1
me ,  ma'am ?	1
tell him so yourself ,  and see how he will take it at your hands .	1
i’ll go with you .	1
i do believe it, and i ask your pardon.	1
and meet me before the first rooster crows at dawn .	1
tis mine and i will have it .	1
signior, it is the moor.	1
oh ,  i’d rather have met my fiercest enemy in heaven ,  horatio ,  than have lived through that terrible day !	1
solemn music] [solemn music] [to alonso] a solemn air, and the best comforter [to alonso] a solemn to an unsettled fancy, cure thy brains, now useless, boiled within thy skull.	1
he can act as brave as he wants ,  but i believe on a cold night like this he wishes he were neck - deep in the thames ,  and i wish he were ,  too ,  and i with him ,  whatever the danger ,  so long as we were far away from here .	1
for ,  you know ,  pyramus and thisbe meet by moonlight .	1
i’ll give you a good reason to cringe ,  i promise you .	1
we would so ,  and then go a - bat - fowling .  .  [to gonzalo] nay ,  good my lord ,  be not angry .	1
your doctors have expressly forbidden me to sleep with you ,  as there’s a risk that you might have a relapse .	1
exceedingly ,  my lord ,  it is very sultry ,  i can’t tell how .	1
we love him highly ,  and shall continue our graces towards him .	1
come, go with me; peruse this as thou goest: fair jessica shall be my torchbearer.	1
that’s what i intend to do too .	1
this hand of yours requires a vacation from liberty, fasting, and prayer, much punishment, holy exercise, because here's a young and sweating devil here that commonly rebels.	1
i’d have stayed until i had made you happy, if worthier friends hadn’t stopped me.	1
and the rarest that e'er came there .	1
this is i, hamlet the dane.	1
our handwriting gives away our hearts .	1
this shall forbid it.	1
is my deserving no better than that ?	1
his madness.	1
what ,  did he look like he was frowning ?	1
the galleys have sent a dozen sequent messengers this very night at one another’s heels ,  and many of the consuls ,  raised and met ,  are at the duke’s already .	1
will you pluck your sword out of his pitcher by the ears ?	1
is it his use?	1
be quiet for a while . —robin ,  take off his donkey head . —titania ,  get the fairies to play some music ,  and make these five people sleep more soundly than humans have ever slept before .	1
it is for the head.	1
see, it stalks away!	1
this deed will be very welcome to lorenzo.	1
what a jaunt i have had!	1
sir ,  he answered me in the roundest manner he would not .	1
kent ,  father ,  sisters !	1
the king of naples, being an enemy to me inveterate, hearkens my brother's suit; which was that he, in lieu o'th’ premises of homage and i know not how much tribute, should presently extirpate me and mine out of the dukedom, and confer fair milan, with all the honours, on my brother; whereon, a treacherous army levied, one midnight fated to th’ purpose did antonio open the gates of milan, and, i'th’ dead of darkness, the ministers for th’ purpose hurried thence me and thy crying self.	1
better cheer may you have ,  but not with better heart .	1
and an ill singer ,  my lord .	1
herbs ,  plants ,  and stones possess great power .	1
you promised to give it to me after a full year .	1
tell me what more thou know’st .	1
he ran to his house ,  stunned .	1
we were about to have our noses snapped off by two old men with no teeth .	1
was the hope you dressed yourself in drunk ?	1
we’ll see our husbands before they think of us .	1
none ,  but a holy hermit ,  and her maid .	1
happily ,  amen !	1
and sayest thou yet that exile is not death?	1
how did you know it was she ?	1
what, is the fellow mad?	1
yes ,  ma'am .	1
i don’t until you practice them on me .	1
sometimes a thousand twangling instruments will hum about mine ears, and sometime voices that, if i then had waked after long sleep, will make me sleep again: and then, in dreaming, the clouds methought would open and show riches ready to drop upon me, that when i waked i cried to dream again.	1
and slay thy lady that in thy life lives ,  by doing damned hate upon thyself ?	1
by heaven ,  that should be my handkerchief !	1
and for an earnest of a greater honor ,  he bade me ,  from him ,  call thee thane of cawdor .	1
let the trumpet sound .	1
haven’t you read, roderigo, of some such thing?	1
whichever one you want.	1
speak ,  pyramus . —thisbe ,  come forward .	1
you would be satisfied?	1
your cousin ,  my lady ,  takes great exceptions to your ill hours .	1
what is't ,  my lord ?	1
fathers ,  from hence trust not your daughters' minds by what you see them act .	1
gallus ,  you go with him .	1
this above all: to thine own self be true ,  and it must follow ,  as the night the day ,  thou canst not then be false to any man .	1
and what of him ?	1
as for us ,  you know we are antony’s ,  and he is caesar’s .	1
god keep me so . —heralds ,  go with him .	1
the ears are senseless that should give us hearing to tell him his commandment is fulfill'd that rosencrantz and guildenstern are dead.	1
look.	1
what is this ,  that rises like the issue of a king ,  and wears upon his baby brow the round and top of sovereignty ?	1
commend me to your honourable wife: tell her the process of antonio's end, say, how i lov'd you, speak me fair in death; and, when the tale is told, bid her be judge whether bassanio had not once a love.	1
he’s laughing already !	1
why, lady!	1
it shall be said that his judgment ruled our hands; our youths and wildness won’t appear at all, but all be buried in his seriousness.	1
because i would not see thy cruèl nails pluck out his poor old eyes ,  nor thy fierce sister in his anointed flesh stick boarish fangs .	1
thieves!	1
yes, you certainly could pass for men, in the same way that hounds, and greyhounds, mongrels, spaniels, curs, shoughs, water-rugs, and demi-wolves are all the names of dogs.	1
the man who finds the sweetest rose will be pricked by it ,  and by rosalind .	1
my voice is ragged .	1
leave me for a bit .	1
o ,  so light a foot will ne'er wear out the everlasting flint .	1
i called my love false love; but what said he then ?	1
good morrow ,  masters .	1
your cause of sorrow must not be measured by his worth ,  for then it hath no end .	1
therefore we’ll have about half a dozen friends to the wedding ,  and that’s it .	1
is there any way to show such friendship ?	1
there is no terror, cassius, in your threats, because i’m armed so strongly in honesty, that they pass by me as the idle wind which i don’t respect.	1
what’s done is done .	1
no; i will resist such treatment until my enemy has more power to fight .	1
laugh to scorn the power of man ,  for none of woman born shall harm macbeth .	1
is that true ?	1
on the sixth hour; at which time, my lord, you said our work should cease.	1
and he did bid us follow to the temple.	1
husbands need to know that their wives are human beings too .	1
we don’t need to hear it .	1
if i decide to get angry at you ,  just watch out— you’d be done for then ,  monster .	1
o child !	1
had i your tongues and eyes ,  i’d use them so that heaven’s vault should crack .	1
heaven knows what he’s going to do with it .	1
that will i do .	1
how shall we find the concord of this discord ?	1
think of it .	1
come ,  my dear love ,  the purchase made ,  the fruits are to follow ,  that profit is still to come between me and you .	1
follow his chariot ,  like the greatest spot of all thy sex .	1
of the king's ship, the mariners, say how thou hast disposed, and all the rest o'th’ fleet.	1
o hamlet ,  what a falling - off there was in our marriage !	1
nay ,  good sir toby .	1
do it carefully . —and the noble and true - hearted kent banished ,  his offense honesty !	1
my worthy lord ,  your noble friends do lack you .	1
romeo !	1
twere good you let him know; for who that's but a queen, fair, sober, wise, would from a paddock, from a bat, a gib such dear concernings hide?	1
and  i feel that i love her .	1
let it be, because it’s the sport to have the swordsman killed with his own sword, and it won’t be easy but i will dig one yard below their mines and blow them at the moon.	1
i cry your worships' mercy ,  heartily . —i beseech your worship’s name .	1
no ,  good lieutenant; i beg you ,  sir ,  stop .	1
what !	1
by the world ,  i think my wife be honest ,  and think she is not; i think that thou art just ,  and think thou art not .	1
indeed he has played on this prologue like a child on a recorder ,  a sound ,  but not in order .	1
ask away .	1
should you do so, my lord, my speech should fall into such vile things that my thoughts are not aimed at.	1
ok, enough of that.	1
quick ,  let’s hide ,  my lord .	1
the queen his mother lives almost by his looks; and for myself— my virtue or my plague, be it either which— she's so conjunctive to my life and soul that, as the star moves not but in his sphere, i could not but by her.	1
while one with moderate haste might tell a hundred.	1
shall i believe that unsubstantial death is amorous ,  and that the lean abhorred monster keeps thee here in dark to be his paramour ?	1
then sing it .	1
how many cowards whose hearts are all as false as stairs of sand wear yet upon their chins the beards of hercules and frowning mars ,  who ,  inward searched ,  have livers white as milk ,  and these assume but valor’s excrement to render them redoubted .	1
i hear that you must ,  and nothing can prevent it ,  be married to this count on next thursday .	1
i did them for edward’s sake—and look how he rewards me . —oh god ,  if my prayers don’t satisfy you ,  and you have to avenge the wrongs i’ve done ,  at least punish me alone !	1
my lord ,  this would not be believed in venice ,  though i should swear i saw't .	1
i like him very well .	1
how shall this be done?	1
but ’tis not so above .	1
there’s no ambiguity here .	1
now, tybalt, take the ‘villain’ back again that late thou gavest me; for mercutio's soul is but a little way above our heads, staying for thine to keep him company.	1
good cousin ,  good meg ,  good ursula ,  come help me get dressed .	1
you were tricked into fighting ,  gloucester .	1
it appears, by his small light of discretion, that he is in the wane; but yet, in courtesy, in all reason, we must stay the time.	1
are you playing tricks on me by showing me savages and uncivilized men from the indies ,  ha ?	1
post to salisbury .	1
sblood ,  but you’ll not hear me !	1
dead, dead?	1
let her not walk i' th' sun.	1
am i that name ,  iago ?	1
this same skull ,  sir ,  was yorick's skull ,  the king's jester .	1
the king, sir— ay, sir, what of him?	1
a servant told me the night - watchmen saw horrid sights too ,  but different ones from what we heard and saw .	1
therefore your earliness assures me that you are aroused by some disturbance in your mind; or if that’s not it, then i guess right, our romeo has not been in bed tonight.	1
thou turn'st mine eyes into my very soul, and there i see such black and grained spots as will not leave their tinct.	1
if i should report this now in naples ,  would they believe me ?	1
let’s get out of here .	1
yes ,  really .	1
then he’s the whining schoolboy ,  with a book bag and a bright ,  young face ,  creeping like a snail unwillingly to school .	1
take this mad wretch to jail . —father - in - law baptista ,  will you see that he’s available to appear in court ?	1
my back a' t' other side .	1
but if you return ,  jealous ,  and try to find out what i intend to do ,  by heaven ,  i will tear you limb from limb ,  and scatter your limbs all over this hungry churchyard !	1
if not ,  then this parting was well done .	1
for those of old, and the late dignities heap'd up to them, we rest your hermits.	1
i will harp on it till my heartstrings break .	1
come out of your sockets, eyes!	1
take note ,  take note ,  o world ,  to be direct and honest is not safe .	1
don’t speak any further .	1
these were sweet omens !	1
if of life you keep a care, shake off slumber, and beware.	1
be quiet ,  signior gremio .	1
a peevish schoolboy ,  worthless of such honor ,  joined with a man in a mask and a party man !	1
it’s lovely to see you .	1
i am one ,  my liege ,  whom has been so angered by the vile blows and beatings of the world that i am reckless in what i would do to spite the world .	1
no .	1
more than you wish for us waits in your royal walks ,  your board ,  your bed !	1
as long as i’m alive ,  i’ll be here .	1
i'll go to my book; because still ,  before supper time ,  i must complete a lot of business relating to these two .	1
you lie .	1
the ship was already sailing .	1
father ,  what news ?	1
o ,  tell me ,  friar ,  tell me ,  in what vile part of this anatomy does my name live ?	1
happily met ,  the happier for thy son .	1
it sure is .	1
you’re really on time.	1
what ,  ho !	1
a most ridiculous monster ,  to make a a poor drunkard amazing !	1
still your fingers to your lips again ?	1
o valiant cousin !	1
what are you then determined to do ?	1
oh ,  you and i have heard our fathers say ,  there was a brutus once that would have brooked th' eternal devil to keep his state in rome as easily as a king .	1
he’s not brave enough to be wise .	1
that you did fear is done .	1
that i have, lady.	1
this wind you talk of blows us from our party crashing .	1
ok .  what’s the bet ?	1
let's see for means .	1
nothing is good ,  i see ,  without respect; methinks it sounds much sweeter than by day .	1
have you delivered to her our decree?	1
then put your pipes away in your bag ,  because i'm leaving .	1
still i won’t shed her blood; or scar that skin of hers whiter than snow ,  and as smooth as the marble that makes monuments .	1
lock yourself in and send him word that you’re dead .	1
o sweet mistress, speak!	1
leave me ,  friends .	1
this morning are they fled away and gone ,  and in their steads do ravens ,  crows ,  and kites fly o'er our heads and downward look on us ,  as we were sickly prey .	1
i would not spare my brother in this case if he should scorn me so apparently .	1
wondrous heavy.	1
with lawyers in the vacation ,  for they sleep between term and term ,  and then they perceive not how time moves .	1
save his majesty !	1
this love that you have shown adds more grief to mine which is already too much.	1
therefore prepare thyself .	1
o ,  it is too true !	1
i’ve shut the memory of your beautiful eyes out of my heart .	1
why ,  then ,  ’tis none to you ,  for there is nothing either good or bad ,  but thinking makes it so .	1
it must be your imagination then ,  and not theirs .	1
i’ve found it out .	1
behold, there stand the caskets, noble prince; if you choose that wherein i am contain'd, straight shall our nuptial rites be solemniz'd; but if you fail, without more speech, my lord, you must be gone from hence immediately.	1
forgive me my truth ,  because ,  in the fatness of these wealthy times virtue itself must beg pardon of vice ,  yes ,  beg and court for permission to do him good .	1
even he .	1
thou 'rt kind .	1
that’s the weakness i’ll use to get revenge on him .	1
let the gods judge me !	1
come now ,  my sweet bianca !	1
noble antony ,  not sickness should detain me .	1
o my sweet, i prattle out of fashion, and i dote in mine own comforts.	1
it is so .	1
i assure you ,  carthage .	1
ah ,  where’s my man ? —give me some aqua vitae . — these griefs ,  these woes ,  these sorrows make me old .	1
oh ,  dear !	1
that’s very soon .	1
do you mean the king ?	1
my wife’s coming .	1
and then for her to win the moor, if it meant renouncing his own baptism, all seals and symbols of forgiveness, his soul is so chained to her love that she may make, unmake, do whatever she wants, even as her wishes shall play the god with his weak ability to think.	1
that book in many's eyes doth share the glory ,  that in gold clasps locks in the golden story; so shall you share all that he doth possess ,  by having him making yourself no less .	1
a hit ,  a very palpable hit .	1
o thou dull moor !	1
make haste, make haste.	1
do you know him ?	1
i would the fool were married to her grave !	1
you get my point ,  don’t you ?	1
let me tell you ,  cassius ,  you yourself are much condemn'd to have an itching palm ,  to sell and mart your offices for gold to undeservers .	1
me too .	1
well ,  until that time ,  don’t come near me .	1
good romeo ,  hide thyself .	1
o fates ,  come ,  come ,  cut thread and thrum .	1
this one ?	1
seven of my people ,  with an obedient start ,  make out for him .	1
with all my heart ,  i’ll go right away .	1
is there a murderer here ?	1
i almost faint with fear.	1
hence  “ banishèd ”  is banished from the world ,  and world’s exile is death .	1
i have seen you both, but since he's gotten better, we have, therefore, odds.	1
help to bear this away where my hogshead of wine is ,  or i’ll turn you out of my kingdom .	1
though all the world could see ,  none could be so abused in sight as he .	1
demand .	1
of nothing.	1
thou detestable maw ,  thou womb of death ,  gorg'd with the dearest morsel of the earth ,  thus i enforce thy rotten jaws to open ,  and in despite i'll cram thee with more food .	1
men’s eyes were made to see things ,  so let them watch .	1
when good manners shall lie all in one or two men’s hands ,  and they unwashed too ,  ’tis a foul thing .	1
when you see leeks in the future ,  i hope you keep mocking them .	1
he’s a coward ,  a total coward .	1
well ,  he’ll be dead ,  so he won’t see anything .	1
i will listen very carefully.	1
thrice hath calpurnia in her sleep cried out ,   “ help ,  ho !	1
mean you to enjoy him then ?	1
but it becomes me well enough ,  does ’t not ?	1
you go and take care of your business (since everybody has some business to take care of ,  whatever it is worth) ,  and i’ll go and pray .	1
will you cover, then, sir?	1
i will on with my speech in your praise and then show you the heart of my message .	1
tomorrow with your earliest let me have speech with you .	1
do you hear aught ,  sir ,  of a battle toward ?	1
therefore ,  pardon me ,  and not attribute this surrender to light love ,  which the dark night has discovered .	1
amen to that ,  from the bottom of my heart .	1
i shall answer that better to the commonwealth than you can the getting up of the negro’s belly .	1
and cassius too .	1
may the god of power make me ,  the weakest of the weak ,  your mediator .	1
tis his fashion .	1
but please ,  tell me: is he coming home ?	1
come ,  hold your peace .	1
i would breed from hence occasions ,  and i shall ,  that i may speak .	1
if you send them word you’ll not come, they may change their minds.	1
i grant i am a woman ,  but withal a woman well - reputed ,  cato’s daughter .	1
give me answer to it .	1
by eight o’clock.	1
still i won’t shed her blood; or scar that skin of hers whiter than snow, and as smooth as the marble that makes monuments.	1
heavens make our presence and our practices pleasant and helpful to him !	1
how green !	1
o deadly sin !	1
you’ve stained your virtue with your own actions .	1
why, he that cuts off twenty years of life cuts off so many years of fearing death.	1
this is my daughter's jointure, for no more can i demand.	1
we will go in together .	1
i should always be wise .	1
nay ,  gentle romeo ,  we must have you dance .	1
ay ,  ay ,  the cords .	1
let caesar do whatever he wants .	1
sing me now to sleep, then go to your tasks, and let me rest.	1
yet do not fear; scotland hath foisons to fill up your will of your mere own .	1
come here ,  monster ,  put some glue on your fingers ,  and carry away the rest of these clothes for us .	1
nay ,  it is possible enough to judgment .	1
i saw her buried in her family’s tomb ,  and then i came here to tell you the news .	1
those linen cheeks of your are counselors to fear .	1
i have salty and sorry tears that bother me; lend me your handkerchief .	1
i will have my revenge ere i depart his house .	1
look how she rubs her hands .	1
thanks for your trouble .	1
so do i ,  my lord; they are entirely welcome .	1
i cry you mercy .	1
go thy ways, wench; serve god.	1
i go; and towards three or four o'clock look for the news that the guildhall affords .	1
yea, is the worst well?	1
fly further off, my lord, fly further off; mark antony is in your tents, my lord.	1
i am content you shall entreat me stay ,  but yet not stay ,  entreat me how you can .	1
oh ,  i can buy twenty husbands at any market .	1
take up the sword again ,  or take me up .	1
no ,  please ,  let it serve for dinner conversation; then ,  no matter what you say ,  i shall digest it with the other things i’m eating up .	1
your son shall have my daughter with consent .	1
i'll find romeo to comfort you.	1
good volumnius, you know that we two went to school together; even because that our love of old, please, hold my sword handle while i run into it.	1
valiant othello ,  we must straight send you against the general enemy ottoman .	1
ah, that same pale hard-hearted wench, that rosaline, torments him so that he will sure run mad.	1
but a dream itself is just a shadow .	1
was that done like cassius ?	1
by hercules ,  i think i am i’ th’ right .	1
and yet thou wilt tutor me from quarreling !	1
they say not to go out today.	1
th' affair cries haste and speed must answer it .	1
don’t let me burst in ignorance, but tell me why your sacred bones, buried in death, have escaped from the cemetery, why the tomb wherein we saw you quietly laid to rest, has opened his frightening and marble jaws to bring you back to life!	1
does the moon shine that night we play our play ?	1
soul of rome !	1
oh !	1
romeo !	1
this will only lead to another argument if i stay longer .	1
you may convey your pleasures in a spacious plenty ,  and yet seem cold ,  the time you may so deceive .	1
give me ,  give me !	1
roderigo kill'd?	1
none of the noble sort would so offend a virgin and try a poor soul's patience, all to make you laugh.	1
o ,  royal caesar !	1
it’s like this ,  general .	1
what place ?	1
come on ,  let’s get to the banquet .	1
let him approach.	1
what a sigh is there !	1
caesar ,  i will .	1
their villainy nauseates me ,  and i must therefore vomit it up .	1
stop, take my sword.	1
see, see, our honored hostess!	1
then if we lose this battle you are contented to be led in triumph thorough the streets of rome ?	1
i would gladly do without that if he would only stay faithful to me .	1
so i  your honor’s actors ,  hearing of your recovery ,  have come to perform a pleasing comedy for you—and your doctors approve wholeheartedly .	1
they’re asking for dates and quinces in the pastry .	1
who's there?	1
well ,  my good lord ,  i'll do't .	1
i didn’t write about breaking the alliance with antony until i saw you were being misled and realized how dangerous it would be to keep postponing preparations .	1
welcome .	1
help ,  help ,  help !	1
confess?—handkerchief?—o devil!	1
and neigh ,  and bark ,  and grunt ,  and roar ,  and burn ,  like horse ,  hound ,  hog ,  bear ,  fire ,  at every turn .	1
now ,  the next day was our sea fight ,  and what to this was sequent thou know’st already .	1
go seek him there.	1
why, what did i?	1
it’s the devil speaking through him .	1
those men that know the earth is full of faults .	1
had i great juno’s power ,  the strong - winged mercury should fetch thee up and set thee by jove’s side .	1
once more i come to ask you ,  king harry ,  if you’re ready to negotiate your ransom before your certain defeat .	1
what, shall one of us, that struck the foremost man of all this world but for supporting robbers, shall we now contaminate our fingers with base bribes and sell the mighty space of our large honors for so much trash as may be grasped thus?	1
o ,  horrible !	1
o ,  unbelievable !	1
i don’t have any  “ brilliant ”  reason for it ,  but i have a good enough reason .	1
thus then in brief: the valiant paris seeks you for his love .	1
amen to that ,  gonzalo .	1
one creditor showed me a ring he got from your daughter in exchange for a monkey .	1
nay ,  if they lead to any ill ,  i will leave them at the next turning .	1
my fingers itch.	1
how now ,  my dear othello !	1
virtue !	1
i’m locked up in a prison and deprived of food .	1
murder !	1
did i not meet thy friends ?	1
why do you ask?	1
you imply that married men are fools .	1
dear master ,  i can’t go any farther .	1
by heaven ,  i charge thee ,  speak .	1
piss off !	1
too old to be engag'd to young .	1
confined together in the same fashion as you gave in charge, just as you left them; all prisoners, sir in the lime-grove which weather-fends your cell; they cannot budge till your release.	1
read this petition .	1
when it is lighted ,  come and call me here .	1
you know i gave it you half an hour since .	1
to't .	1
had you been as wise as bold ,  young in limbs ,  in judgment old ,  your answer had not been inscrolled .	1
with this strange virtue ,  he has a heavenly gift of prophecy ,  and various blessings hang about his throne ,  that say he is full of grace .	1
he thinks ,  being twenty times of better fortune ,  he is twenty men to one .	1
what ,  not a word ?	1
why ,  why is this ?	1
there, my blessing with thee.	1
how dare    what ,  is the man crazy ?	1
come now, keep thine oath; now be a freeman, and with this good sword, that ran through caesar's bowels, search this bosom.	1
tonight let’s have plenty to eat .	1
sir ,  he ate with this woman at the porcupine .	1
the citizens are up, and tybalt slain.	1
your constancy hath left you unattended.	1
be sad only at the fact that you’ll lose your friend—your friend doesn’t regret that he paid your debt .	1
out ,  loathèd medicine !	1
no ,  only in the sincerity of love and honest kindness .	1
mr .  bassanio ,  listen to me: if i don’t put on a sober habit ,  talk with respect ,  and swear only now and then ,  wear prayer - books in my pocket ,  look demurely ,  no more ,  while grace is saying ,  hood my eyes like this with my hat ,  and sigh ,  and say  “ amen; ”  use all the observances of manners ,  as one well studied in a sad display in order to please his grandmother ,  never trust me anymore .	1
moody ?	1
i do agnize a natural and prompt alacrity i find in hardness; and do undertake these present wars against the ottomites.	1
to sebastian] true, save means to live.	1
you take out your sword too .	1
look you, these are the stops.	1
therefore ,  stop grieving .	1
even  what ,  were you all snarling before i arrived ,  ready to catch each other by the throat like dogs ,  but now that i’m here ,  you turn your hatred toward me ?	1
i do believe it ,  and i ask your pardon .	1
but what’s the upshot of her admiration ?	1
what’s that noise ?	1
the marshal of france ,  monsieur la far .	1
i’m not possessed !	1
by my troth, nerissa, my little body is a-weary of this great world.	1
one speech in it i chiefly loved .	1
there on the ground, with his own tears made drunk.	1
worthy macbeth, we stay upon your leisure.	1
exactly how long is that ,  do you think ?	1
well then ,  it now appears you need my help; come on ,  then; you come to me ,  and you say  “ 'shylock ,  we would have money .  ”  you say so: you that spit on my beard ,  and kick me as you spurn a strange dog on your doorstep; money is what you ask for .	1
look ,  lucius ,  here’s the book i sought for so .	1
i don’t feel guilty about them at all .	1
he has kill'd me, mother.	1
why did he do that ?	1
are you full of them ?	1
before the time be out?	1
we have not spoke us yet of torchbearers .	1
this night i hold an old accustom'd feast, whereto i have invited many a guest, such as i love; and you among the store, one more, most welcome, makes my number more.	1
now ,  most noble brutus ,  the gods are friendly with us today so that we ,  who want peace ,  can live on to old age !	1
one of my friends traveled with him, who, almost dead for breath, had scarcely more breath to deliver his message.	1
i know you’ll offer nothing less than that .	1
there’s nothing like good hay ,  really sweet hay .	1
you are merry ,  my lord .	1
we will get ourselves ready.	1
i heard the galloping of horse.	1
hang out our banners on the outward walls .	1
now in faith ,  gratiano ,  you give your wife too unkind a cause of grief .	1
he calls us back .	1
confined together in the same fashion as you gave in charge ,  just as you left them; all prisoners ,  sir in the lime - grove which weather - fends your cell; they cannot budge till your release .	1
not i ,  believe me .	1
whichever hand literally stabbed their tender hearts ,  you’re the one who gave the order .	1
most miserable hour that e'er time saw in lasting labour of his pilgrimage!	1
it falls right.	1
but, well.	1
you have displaced the mirth ,  broke the good meeting ,  with most admired disorder .	1
but it’s that you don’t love me.	1
calmly, good laertes.	1
come on ,  give me your best shot .	1
the count is neither sad nor sick nor cheerful nor well—he’s just civil ,  as seville as an orange ,  with the same jealous - yellow complexion .	1
leave me alone for a minute .	1
but look, the morn, in russet mantle clad, walks o'er the dew of yon high eastward hill.	1
then they’re cold friends to me .	1
there the men are as mad as he.	1
what ,  is today a holiday ?	1
where, where, messala, doth his body lie?	1
well ,  have it your way .	1
arm'd ,  say you ?	1
come ,  recreant ,  come ,  thou child; i'll whip thee with a rod .	1
but this is a little thing; and it seeks to hide itself all the more ,  it shows how big it is .	1
if you must damn yourself ,  do it a more delicate way than drowning .	1
his horses go about .	1
it’s not offensive, is it?	1
thou shalt know more hereafter: nay, get thee gone.	1
so romeo, if he wasn’t called “romeo,” would retain that dear perfection which he has without that title.	1
sir ,  you are very welcome to our house .	1
look on the tragic loading of this bed; this is thy work .	1
and let the laboring ship climb hills of oceans as high as olympus, and duck down again as low as hell is from heaven!	1
and ,  sir ,  tonight ,  i do entreat that we may sup together .	1
which be the malefactors ?	1
so i did, fearing to strengthen that impatience which seem'd too much enkindled, and withal hoping it was but an effect of humor, which sometime hath his hour with every man.	1
take up the body.	1
i’m sorry about your daughter’s death ,  but i swear our accusations were true ,  and backed up with proof .	1
to gonzalo] wherefore this what's the matter ?	1
richard loves richard; that is ,  i and i .	1
then say they were not slain .	1
i am young ,  but something you may deserve of him through me ,  and wisdom to offer up a weak ,  poor ,  innocent lamb t' appease an angry god .	1
madness in great ones must not unwatch'd go.	1
under love's heavy burden do i sink .	1
he did ,  and he snatched my ring right off my finger .	1
pale as thy smock !	1
be quiet ,  for shame !	1
until her beautiful life’s end .	1
will you two help them get ready ?	1
come on .	1
not poppy, nor mandragora, nor all the drowsy syrups of the world, shall ever medicine thee to that sweet sleep which thou owedst yesterday.	1
come ,  bring me where they are .	1
tis so; and that self chain about his neck which he forswore most monstrously to have .	1
did you leave on good terms ?	1
though this island seems to be deserted , — ha ,  ha ,  ha !	1
yes ,  you have seen cassio and she together .	1
i’d be wasting my skills dealing with an idiot like that if i couldn’t get something useful out of him .	1
amen .	1
some five or six and thirty of his knights ,  hot questrists after him ,  met him at gate ,  who with some other of the lord’s dependants are gone with him towards dover ,  where they boast to have well - armèd friends .	1
what hour now ?	1
thy bed ,  lust - stained ,  shall with lust’s blood be spotted .	1
life ,  living ,  all is death's .	1
zounds ,  i bleed still; i am hurt to the death .	1
the money that you owe me for the chain .	1
a pox on drowning yourself!	1
a could never abide carnation .	1
yes, by mary, why was he sent to england?	1
his silly behavior ,  helena ,  is not my fault .	1
how answer you that ?	1
but let that go .	1
knock knock hark !	1
i'll listen ,  be an actor too perhaps ,  if i see a place to jump in .	1
but, on.	1
i’ll give you a verse to this note that i made yesterday in despite of my invention .	1
if i had three ears ,  i'd still hear you .	1
he’s not getting anything except the penalty .	1
your worth is very dear in my regard.	1
i do not like your faults .	1
i’d rather be a baboon than kill myself out of love for some woman i can’t have .	1
my talk to thee must be how benedick is sick in love with beatrice .	1
the madly used malvolio .  ”   did he write this ?	1
after her, after her.	1
if thou didst it, thou art the nonpareil.	1
refusing to fight him at sea won’t disgrace you .	1
an upright judge ,  a learned judge !	1
the players cannot keep counsel; they'll tell all .	1
i should make very forges of my cheeks ,  that would to cinders burn up modesty ,  did i but speak thy deeds .	1
strives in his little world of man to outscorn the to - and - fro–conflicting wind and rain .	1
he looks like a flattering tax collector !	1
tell me ,  daughter juliet ,  how stands your disposition to be married ?	1
then i have offended none.	1
they shall ,  nerissa; but in such a habit ,  that they shall think we are accomplished with that we lack .	1
he keeps them ,  like an ape ,  in the corner of his jaw; first mouth'd ,  to be last swallowed .	1
come ,  sit ,  sit ,  and sing me a song .	1
i say my daughter is my flesh and my blood .	1
excellently ,  excellently .	1
good ,  i' faith .	1
sorrow interrupts all hours and seasons .	1
fare thee well !	1
you have .	1
ay, if a woman live to be a man.	1
thieves !	1
wake when some vile thing is near .	1
but woo her, gentle paris, get her love.	1
he doesn’t have to care .	1
for thou art as glorious to this night ,  being o'er my head ,  as is a winged messenger of heaven unto the white - upturned wond'ring eyes of mortals that fall back to gaze on him when he bestrides the lazy - pacing clouds and sails upon the bosom of the air .	1
but tell me ,  how is your cousin ?	1
i'll tell the news.	1
goodbye .	1
run barefoot up and down ,  threatening the flames with blind tears ,  a cloth on that head where lately the crown had stood ,  and for a robe ,  about her thin loins ,  exhausted from child - bearing ,  a blanket ,  caught up in the panic of fear ,  whoever had seen this ,  with a very poisoned tongue ,  would have pronounced treason against fortune's state .	1
if then that friend demand why brutus rose against caesar ,  this is my answer: not that i loved caesar less ,  but that i loved rome more .	1
god keep you from them ,  and from such false friends .	1
and here he comes ,  puffing himself up like a turkey .	1
fair love, you are exhausted with wandering in the forest.	1
what does it matter ?	1
that’s true ,  sir .	1
the news is true ,  my lord .	1
please, don’t turn me around so much: my stomach is upset.	1
who's there ?	1
our troops set forth tomorrow .	1
soft you now!	1
this murderous shaft that's shot hath not yet lighted ,  and our safest way is to avoid the aim .	1
come ,  bird ,  come .	1
what wood is this before us?	1
let us all embrace .	1
is the snake better than the eel because the pattern on his back pleases the eye ?	1
i take some joy to say you are because i would be talking of her .	1
when you sued staying ,  then was the time for words .	1
surely he that made us with such large capacity ,  looking before and after ,  didn’t give us that capability and godlike reason to go stale in us ,  unused .	1
she will not .	1
i would try ,  if i could cry  “ hem ”  and have him .	1
in such a night, did jessica steal from the wealthy jew, and with an unthrift love did run from venice, as far as belmont.	1
sir ?	1
farewell .	1
death, that has taken her away to make me wail, ties up my tongue and will not let me speak.	1
have all his ventures fail'd ?	1
how fares my noble lord ?	1
you knew my father well; therefore ,  you know me ,  the sole heir to all his property and possessions ,  which i have added to rather than depleted .	1
zounds, sir, you are one of those that will not serve god, if the devil bid you.	1
look ,  here comes cassio and my husband .	1
for your sake, jewel, i am glad at soul i have no other child; for thy escape would teach me tyranny, to hang clogs on them.	1
friends am i with you all and love you all, upon this hope that you shall give me reasons why and wherein caesar was dangerous.	1
what watchful cares do interpose themselves betwixt your eyes and night ?	1
our whole city is much bound to him .	1
it must be a farmer that hanged himself on the expectation of a large crop.	1
well ,  what was your dream ?	1
some say the earth was feverous and did shake .	1
but, in the verity of extolment, i take him to be a soul of great article, and his infusion of such dearth and rareness as, to make true diction of him, his semblable is his mirror, and who else would trace him, his umbrage, nothing more.	1
is ’t possible ?	1
o cursed, cursed slave!	1
a countenance more in sorrow than in anger .	1
but did you ever tell him she was false ?	1
how every event works against me to spur my dull revenge !	1
the taper burneth in your closet ,  sir .	1
i see a cherub that sees them .	1
lord ,  we know what we are ,  but know not what we may be .	1
these are now the fashion ,  and so berattle the common stages—so they call them—that many wearing rapiers are afraid of goose quills and dare scarce come thither .	1
welcome to cyprus .	1
to brutus’s ,  to cassius’s ,  let’s burn them all .	1
how do i stand ,  then ,  that have a father killed ,  a mother stained ,  aggravation of my reason and my blood ,  and let all sleep while ,  to my shame ,  i see the imminent death of twenty thousand men that ,  for a whim and trick of fame ,  go to their graves like going to bed ,  fight for a plot on which the numbers don’t have room to fight for the cause ,  which is not tomb enough and big enough to hide the slain ?	1
revenge his foul and most unnatural murder .	1
that's my noble master !	1
are the players ready?	1
we’re probably a very valuable catch for these guys .	1
oh ,  your report is too poetic ,  but it sounds so true !	1
why should i be afraid of you?	1
prince john is this morning secretly stolen away .	1
ay ,  he .	1
if she feels like coming over here ,  i’ll give her your message .	1
mister challenger ,  the princess wants to speak to you .	1
a daniel come to judgment !	1
you were you the clerk that is to betray me ?	1
i'll devil - porter it no further .	1
nerissa teaches me what to believe; i'll die for't ,  but some woman had the ring .	1
and wherefore are you gentle ,  strong ,  and valiant ?	1
why ,  to keep the eyes on the sides ,  so that you can see anything that you can’t sniff out .	1
by mary, now i can tell.	1
indeed ?	1
you have displaced the mirth ,  broke the good meeting ,  with most admired disorder .	1
let copulation thrive ,  for gloucester’s bastard son was kinder to his father than my daughters got ’tween the lawful sheets .	1
it remains like this ,  and the remainder like this .	1
then is he more beholding to you than i .	1
my industrious servant ,  ariel !	1
although i have slain men during a war ,  i believe it is a grave matter of the conscience to do a premeditated murder .	1
you can’t go any further with us ,  sir .	1
madam, if you could find out but a man to bear a poison, i would temper it; that romeo should, upon receipt thereof, soon sleep in quiet.	1
we are men ,  my liege .	1
o misery!	1
arise and say how thou cam'st here .	1
if it be that— if it be that ,  or any that was hers ,  it speaks against her with the other proofs .	1
you must think this ,  look you ,  that the worm will do his kind .	1
drunk all ,  and left no friendly drop to help me after ?	1
out upon it, old carrion!	1
cassio did top her ,  ask thy husband else .	1
i repent me much that so i harried him .	1
therein ,  ye gods ,  you make the weak most strong .	1
therefore ,  lord constable ,  haste on montjoy and let him say to england that we send to know what willing ransom he will give .	1
the adventurous knight shall use his foil and target ,  the lover shall not sigh gratis ,  the humorous man shall end his part in peace ,  the clown shall make those laugh whose lungs are tickle o' th' sear ,  and the lady shall say her mind freely ,  or the blank verse shall halt for ’t .	1
for this time i will leave you .	1
marry, you may partly hope that your father got you not, that you are not the jew's daughter.	1
such an expression of despair would only prove that i was guilty .	1
he doesn’t miss a thing .	1
doth sway my life .  ”  nay ,  but first ,  let me see ,  let me see ,  let me see .	1
i owe you a lot, and, like a willful youth, i have lost what i owe you, but if you will please lend me money in the identical way that you lent me the first money, i don’t doubt, as i’ll be more careful, to find both sums, or i’ll bring your second loan back again and just owe you thankfully for the first.	1
let us take the law of our sides; let them begin .	1
i would you had never seen him!	1
it’s strange, my theseus, the story that these lovers speak of.	1
it’s you we were laughing at .	1
thirty - five or thirty - six of his knights met him at the gate ,  and together with some others they’ve set off for dover ,  where they claim to have powerful friends .	1
you, nick bottom, are set down for pyramus.	1
because, coming from there, my son is lost; and, in my opinion, she is too, who is so far away from italy, that i shall never see her again.	1
the present time is like a woman in labor ,  each minute giving birth to some piece of news .	1
you are welcome, gentlemen!	1
your daughter spent in genoa ,  as i heard ,  one night ,  fourscore ducats !	1
what place?	1
what's this?	1
as much to him ,  else is his thanks too much .	1
i have had it ,  and soundly too .	1
i once more take my leave.	1
damn it all !	1
then how can it be said i am alone when the entire world is here to look at me?	1
and art thou chang'd?	1
miserable england ,  i foresee for you the most frightening time you have ever experienced . —come ,  lead me to the block .	1
how much more elder art thou than thy looks !	1
ay ,  on mine honor .	1
i shall forget just to have you stand there ,  remembering how i love your company .	1
go wake juliet .	1
why are you talking about robbery ?	1
give me the letter ,  sir .	1
you know that i strongly held epicurus, and his opinion.	1
scurvy knave !	1
was ever book containing such vile matter so fairly bound ?	1
most powerful lord ,  my mistress cleopatra sent me to you .	1
but while i say one prayer !	1
this is the way i ever make my fool my purse; because i should abuse my own gained knowledge if i would waste time with such a fool only for my sport and profit .	1
i come to answer thy best pleasure; be't to fly, to swim, to dive into the fire, to ride on the curled clouds, to thy strong bidding task ariel and all his quality hast thou, spirit, performed to point the tempest that i bade thee?	1
why do you keep alone ,  of sorriest fancies your companions making ,  using those thoughts which should indeed have died with them they think on ?	1
i saw it in his hand: it was a handkerchief ,  an antique token my father gave my mother .	1
that ,  stirred up by dorset ,  buckingham ,  and morton ,  he’s coming to england to claim the crown .	1
most radiant ,  exquisite and unmatchable beauty—i pray you ,  tell me if this be the lady of the house ,  for i never saw her .	1
who brought it ?	1
here’s to caesar .	1
and now he’s gone .	1
good old knight ,  gather them all together at my tent .	1
i stretch it out for that word  “ broad ,  ”  which ,  added to the goose ,  proves thee far and wide a broad goose .	1
and is it not well served into a sweet goose ?	1
if i break the door down ,  slave ,  you’ll be sorry for this .	1
since she would love both of you ,  you two would be joined in that love .	1
i would not have him miscarry for the half of my dowry .	1
no ,  i’ll help too .	1
if we are marked to die ,  we are enough to do our country loss; and if to live ,  the fewer men ,  the greater share of honor .	1
an thou make minstrels of us ,  look to hear nothing but discords .	1
follow him ,  friends .	1
why ,  then othello and desdemona return again to venice .	1
did not you hear a cry ?	1
know’st thou this country ?	1
would i were satisfied!	1
thy mother's poison'd .	1
i hourly learn a doctrine of obedience ,  and would gladly look him i’ th’ face .	1
but sure the bravery of his grief did put me into a towering passion .	1
tis neither here nor there.	1
did you think i was talking about sex ?	1
you are welcome .	1
affection!	1
most constantly .	1
i have ,  when you have heard what i can say .	1
i do require them of you ,  so to use them as we shall find their merits and our safety may equally determine .	1
no ,  if you strive… but half an hour !	1
gentlemen both ,  you will mistake each other .	1
i am famished in his service .	1
thou wilt fall backward when thou comest to age .	1
leave me with haste .	1
the spring, the summer, the childing autumn, angry winter, change their wonted liveries; and the mazed world, by their increase, now knows not which is which.	1
right now; as fast as she can say the vows .	1
i will expect you .	1
he has called for his horse ,  but i don’t know where he’s headed .	1
slaying is the word: it is a deed in fashion .	1
come ,  i will have thee ,  but ,  by this light ,  i take thee for pity .	1
othello?	1
did he tell macduff to return to scotland ?	1
i use it all the time ,  since it’s all that i have .	1
the funeral baked meats did coldly furnish forth the marriage tables.	1
that will be ere the set of sun.	1
tell him not to send any more messengers—unless you feel like coming back to tell me how he took the bad news .	1
henceforth be never number'd among men!	1
can he spit out trinculos ?	1
prepare you, generals.	1
why aren’t the leaves withering now that the sap is all dried up ?	1
conspiracies ,  fakery ,  betrayal ,  and disorder are all that’s left until we die .	1
be buried quick with her ,  and so will i .	1
my husband !	1
if you fight to protect your wives ,  your wives will welcome you home as conquerors .	1
get thee to a nunnery !	1
and i another so weary with disasters ,  tugged with fortune ,  that i would set my life on any chance ,  to mend it or be rid on ’t .	1
nay, then, i'll set those to you that can speak.	1
this is as it should be .	1
every one prepare to follow this fair corse unto her grave .	1
the day is well on its way .	1
may we be gone ?	1
all things are ready if our minds be so .	1
this news will comfort cassius .	1
brutus shall lead, and we will follow him with the most boldest and best hearts of rome.	1
i have done the state some service ,  and they know't .	1
whose solid virtue the shot of accident nor dart of chance could neither graze nor pierce?	1
i doubt not that ,  since we are well - persuaded we carry not a heart with us from hence that grows not in a fair consent with ours ,  nor leave not one behind that doth not wish success and conquest to attend on us .	1
i will omit no opportunity that may convey my greetings ,  love ,  to thee .	1
how are you, guildenstern?	1
if that’s true ,  it makes up for all the sorrows i’ve ever known .	1
he is cooling off his horses .	1
no ,  add a couple more syllables .	1
i marvel your ladyship takes delight in such a barren rascal .	1
or walk either .	1
let each man give me his bloody hand .	1
why, by making him incapable of othello's place; knocking his brains out.	1
come in ,  tailor; here you may roast your goose .	1
thou dost snore distinctly; there's meaning in thy snores .	1
now by my george ,  my garter ,  and my crown— profaned ,  dishonored ,  and the third usurped .	1
as birds do, mother.	1
since i have your permission to go, i’ll hurry; but, until i come back again, i will not sleep, and rest will not keep us two apart.	1
they shouted thrice .	1
my heart journeyed to her only like a guest, and now has returned home to helena, there to remain.	1
i do remember .	1
a fine woman!	1
i do consent—    prick him down ,  antony .	1
if you are so fond over her iniquity ,  give her patent to offend ,  for if it touch not you it comes near nobody .	1
hey !	1
i think he will carry this island home in his pocket and give it his son for an apple.	1
ha !	1
alas ,  alas !	1
but i’m as noble as my opponent .	1
we’re trying to be reasonable while you’re so upset ,  and we understand that you’re old ,  and… but goneril knows what she’s doing .	1
i’d be still plucking the grass to know where the wind blows ,  looking over maps for ports and piers and roads; and every object that would make me afraid of misfortune to my ships ,  would make me sad without a doubt .	1
get his position and use him to hurt othello at the same time ?	1
in troth ,  ’tis morning .	1
let’s take up the best positions we can in the valleys .	1
therefore, as i am bound, receive it from me.	1
oh ,  you were an angel that saved me !	1
here’s cassio hurt by villains .	1
here's our chief guest .	1
but ,  look you ,  cassius ,  the angry spot doth glow on caesar’s brow ,  and all the rest look like a chidden train .	1
tis very good; i must be circumstanced .	1
a foolish heart that i’m leaving behind here.	1
roast me in sulphur!	1
for my own good ,  all other problems will have to wait .	1
brutus, thou sleep'st: awake and see thyself!	1
if such tricks as these strip you of your lieutenantry, it would’ve been better you hadn’t kissed your three fingers so often, with which you are again very ready to play the gent.	1
beauty's officer is still red on your lips and in your cheeks ,  and death's pale flag is not yet planted there .	1
well ,  then it isn’t one to you ,  since nothing is really good or bad in itself—it’s all what a person thinks about it .	1
so all hail ,  macbeth and banquo !	1
well, my good lord.	1
let them be well used; for they are the abstract and brief chronicles of the time.	1
as king ,  i cannot risk the danger he represents as he grows crazier by the hour .	1
the old priest at saint luke’s church is at your command at all hours .	1
farewell, farewell!	1
i dreamed about an emperor called antony .	1
then weep no more .	1
if my eyes don’t deceive me ,  you are my rosalind .	1
o my brother's child !	1
i'll not be far from you.	1
who can be wise ,  amazed ,  temp'rate ,  and furious ,  loyal and neutral ,  in a moment ?	1
they’ll be in scarlet straight at any news .	1
as far ,  my lord ,  as will fill up the time between this meeting and supper .	1
she went from me ,  who loved her with the dignity and devotion that suits a legitimate marriage ,  to a wretch whose natural gifts were poor compared to mine .	1
so please your grace ,  the prologue is addressed .	1
do but encave yourself ,  and mark the fleers ,  the gibes ,  and notable scorns ,  that dwell in every region of his face; for i will make him tell the tale anew ,  where ,  how ,  how oft ,  how long ago ,  and when he hath and is again to cope your wife: i say ,  but mark his gesture .	1
please tell him i have surrendered to his fortune .	1
my love ,  call him back in here .	1
make you a wholesome answer .	1
tis not a time for private stomaching .	1
this tyrant ,  whose sole name blisters our tongues ,  was once thought honest .	1
shall caesar send a lie?	1
yes ,  madam ,  but he’ll be back tonight .	1
beware of march 15th .	1
what is the matter with thee ?	1
agincourt .	1
you’ll have wine enough ,  my lord ,  soon .	1
no ,  what provoked you was your own bloody mind ,  which never thinks about anything but butchering .	1
oh ,  holy friar ,  oh ,  tell me ,  holy friar ,  where is my lady’s husband ?	1
what’s he that was not born of woman ?	1
no ,  and i didn’t hear anything either ,  or suspect anything at all .	1
when he woke ,  he wouldn’t know where he was .	1
too fast is as bad as too slow .	1
what did you mean by that same handkerchief you gave me even now?	1
my lord ,  the king your father .	1
why ,  he shall never wake until the great judgment day .	1
as i discern ,  it burneth in the capels' monument .	1
lend me a garter.	1
do you amend it ,  then; it lies in you .	1
down!	1
i have a venturous fairy that shall seek the squirrel's hoard, and fetch thee new nuts.	1
come now ,  what masques ,  what dances shall we have to wear away this long age of three hours between our after - supper and bedtime ?	1
this did i fear, but thought he had no weapon; for he was great of heart.	1
let’s do so ,  because we are on trial ,  and surrounded by many enemies ,  and some that have smiles in their hearts ,  i’m afraid ,  are capable of millions of evil deeds .	1
there was a noise ,  that’s verily .	1
i know thou wilt say ‘ay’; and i will take thy word .	1
what is't that moves your highness ?	1
i’m involved in your rivalry .	1
drunk ?	1
i cannot find it .	1
when all's done ,  you look but on a stool .	1
i can tell by his voice that this man is a montague .	1
listen ,  if you want a good laugh—and i mean a side - splitting one—then follow me .	1
that’s all .	1
what’s your profession ?	1
not so, sir, neither; i know my duty.	1
a sail .	1
die where you have lived ,  in my arms .	1
there is occasions and causes why and wherefore in all things .	1
we have store to do ’t ,  and they have earned the waste .	1
i’ve heard that too, and partly believe it.	1
bring her out ,  brother .	1
the excuse that you make in this delay is longer than the tale you excuse.	1
please call him and tell him to come back here .	1
but how has she received his love?	1
oh ,  help !	1
i will ,  my lord .	1
lysander ,  say something !	1
she is persuaded i will marry her, out of her own love and flattery, not out of my promise.	1
lesser than macbeth ,  and greater .	1
banquo and donalbain !	1
really ,  i think your other ruff is better .	1
no ,  not a penny .	1
i am his brother ,  and i love him very much .	1
what noise is this?	1
but that i am forbid to tell the secrets of my prison house ,  i could a tale unfold whose lightest word would harrow up thy soul ,  freeze thy young blood ,	1
it’s on such a high tide that we’re now floating ,  and we must take the current when it is offered ,  or lose our campaign .	1
what news ?	1
a friend .	1
this lantern represents the horned moon; i myself seem to be the man in the moon.	1
go you down that way towards the capitol; this way will i. disrobe the images, if you do find them deck'd with ceremonies.	1
what do you want ?	1
no ,  i'll go with you ,  cheek by jowl .	1
this calm submission is dishonorable and vile .	1
he hath, my lord; but be you well assured, no more than he'll unswear.	1
therefore stay a bit longer ,  you don’t need to go .	1
thou dost thy office fairly .	1
thou shalt not stir one foot to seek a foe .	1
wilt thou be pleased to hearken once again to the suit i made to thee ?	1
ay ,  my lord .	1
he does well to commend it himself; there are no tongues else for's turn.	1
he is definitely not there ,  sir .	1
but by sea he is an absolute master .	1
is't possible?	1
but with a rearward following tybalt’s death ,   “ romeo is banishèd .  ”  to speak that word ,  is father ,  mother ,  tybalt ,  romeo ,  juliet ,  all slain ,  all dead .	1
let me have a dram of poison, such soon-speeding gear as will disperse itself through all the veins that the life-weary taker may fall dead, and that the trunk may be discharg'd of breath as violently as hasty powder fir'd doth hurry from the fatal cannon's womb.	1
it will be out, it will be out.	1
stay ,  you imperfect speakers ,  tell me more .	1
no, sure, i cannot believe that he would steal away so guiltily, seeing you coming.	1
but you turn that sun into a shadow .	1
if the matter of this paper be certain ,  you have mighty business in hand .	1
come out ,  beautiful sun—until i’ve bought a mirror to admire my reflection in ,  i’ll watch my shadow as i stroll along .	1
i'll be a devil-porter no further.	1
the more i hate ,  the more he follows me .	1
my brother has a daughter who looks exactly like hero; this girl is heir to both our estates .	1
how smooth and cool they seem !	1
you thief of love!	1
nor send you out of the way?	1
we’ve all been duped .	1
it shall be said his judgement ruled our hands; our youths and wildness shall no whit appear, but all be buried in his gravity.	1
our intent was to be gone from athens, where we might, without the peril of the athenian law.	1
ay ,  a tailor ,  sir .	1
you can’t party your way into dukedoms there .	1
she has light by her continually .	1
and for my sister and her princely sons ,  be satisfied ,  dear god ,  with our true blood ,  which ,  as thou know’st ,  unjustly must be spilt .	1
yes ,  by heaven !	1
ha!	1
part them !	1
thy mother was a piece of virtue ,  and she said thou wast my daughter; and thy father was duke of milan ,  and his only heir and princess no worse issued .	1
and is it thus ?	1
say on ,  my loving lord .	1
if you only knew how you appreciate the purpose while you mock it like this!	1
i think the marriage was made more for political reasons than for love .	1
the foul fiend haunts poor tom in the voice of a nightingale .	1
i swear by the mass ,  before i close my eyes to go to sleep ,  i’ll put in some good fighting ,  or i’ll lie in the ground dead .	1
directly .	1
be buried quickly with her, and so will i.	1
now, hamlet, where's polonius?	1
my life upon her faith ! —honest iago ,  my desdemona must i leave to thee .	1
i will go seek the king .	1
go there and compare her objectively to some other girls i’ll show you .	1
i am sorry that i am deceived in him .	1
o proud death ,  what feast is toward in thine eternal cell ,  that thou so many princes at a shot so bloodily hast struck ?	1
shall we sound him ?	1
indeed !	1
what ,  ho !	1
call, good mercutio.	1
how does lieutenant cassio ?	1
how now, my lord?	1
i'll get me to a place more void and there speak to great caesar as he comes along.	1
shall not be long but i’ll be here again .	1
you seem to think no one outside of your bedroom knows what you wish .	1
don’t be afraid of him, caesar; he's not dangerous; he’s a noble roman and has a good disposition.	1
well ,  god have mercy .	1
now please go .	1
to choke carries it away.	1
i humbly beseech you ,  proceed to the affairs of state .	1
i thought i lay worse than in a rebellion ,  in the chains .	1
it is a very excited flood; i cannot, between the sky and the land, see a sail.	1
well ,  my friends praise me and make me look like an idiot ,  while my enemies tell me straightforwardly that i am an idiot .	1
remember; and call thy husband hither .	1
liberty!	1
what is it ,  i beg your ladyship ?	1
what !	1
his life was gentle ,  and the elements mixed so well in him that nature might stand up and say to all the world ,   “ this was a man .  ”  let’s treat him according to his virtue ,  with all the respect and rituals of burial .	1
i hope you remember that i said all this because i love you .	1
take thou some new infection to thy eye, and the rank poison of the old will die.	1
what is your pleasure ,  madam ?	1
ah, fie!	1
i’ll go see my mother soon .	1
i’ll mark the play .	1
that i disdain .	1
harpier cries ,   “ 'tis time ,  ’tis time .  ”  round about the cauldron go ,  in the poisoned entrails throw .	1
i never knew a florentine more kind and honest.	1
my husband!	1
i may say  “ thrusting ”  it ,  for piercing steel and darts envenomed shall be as welcome to the ears of brutus as tidings of this sight .	1
take thy face hence .	1
if thou rememb’rest not the slightest folly that ever love did make thee run into ,  thou hast not loved .	1
there’s no art to find the mind’s construction in the face .	1
you’ve seen these illusions .	1
the ocean, exceeding of his borders, doesn’t eat the flatlands with more impatient speed than young laertes, heading a riot, takes over your offices.	1
my lady!	1
what is't, laertes?	1
sir ,  sir ,  sir—	1
it’s my duty ,  sir .	1
a solemn air and the best comforter to an unsettled fancy cure thy brains ,  now useless ,  boiled within thy skull . —there stand ,  for you are spell - stopped . —   mine eyes ,  ev'n sociable to the show of thine ,  fall fellowly drops .	1
my children too ?	1
do ,  if it will not stand .	1
here's one ,  a friend ,  and one that knows you well .	1
he’d better not speak badly of brutus here .	1
here comes a spirit of his, and to torment me for bringing wood in slowly, i'll fall flat.	1
by my troth ,  well met .	1
return with her ?	1
ring the alarum bell .	1
for he is ,  sure ,  i' th' island .	1
the clock hath stricken three.	1
shall caesar send a lie ?	1
and here comes father .	1
i was the more deceived.	1
consider how poorly this reflects on me .	1
six barbary horses ,  six french swords with accessories ,  and three imaginatively designed carriages—sounds like a french bet against the danish .	1
some comfort ,  nurse .	1
now that he’s old ,  we can expect to have to deal not only with his old character flaws ,  which have turned into deep - rooted habits ,  but also with the uncontrollable crabbiness that comes with old age .	1
such comfort as do lusty young men feel when well-apparell'd april on the heel of limping winter treads, even such delight among fresh female buds shall you this night inherit at my house.	1
yes, with cassio.	1
if you can separate yourself and your misdemeanors ,  you are welcome to the house .	1
please let me know your plan ,  bassanio .	1
o lying woman !	1
with him is gratiano gone along .	1
forgive me this my virtue; for in the fatness of these pursy times virtue itself of vice must pardon beg yea, curb and woo for leave to do him good.	1
how long will a man lie i' the earth ere he rot ?	1
i will not change my horse with any that treads but on four pasterns .	1
your fat king and your lean beggar is but variable service, two dishes, but to one table.	1
madam ,  here comes my lord .	1
ay ,  if the fool could find it where it lies .	1
it shall to the barber’s ,  with your beard . —prithee ,  say on .	1
as great to me, as recently; and, to make the dear loss tolerable, i have much weaker means than you have to comfort you, because i have lost my daughter.	1
well ,  god protect you !	1
still ,  caesar shall go out ,  because these predictions are not only for caesar but also for the world in general .	1
i think it was to see my mother's wedding.	1
blessed pudding!	1
an honest tale speeds best being plainly told .	1
it’s something ,  it’s nothing: it’s yours ,  it’s mine ,  and it’ll belong to thousands more .	1
this fellow's of exceeding honesty, and knows all qualities, with a learned spirit, of human dealings.	1
tell me, good brutus, can you see your face?	1
no ,  madam ,  no .	1
look whether he have not crown'd dead cassius !	1
that was when i was young and inexperienced and didn’t know what passion was .	1
you can order no more than she can beg; your threats have no more strength than her weak prayers.— helena, i love you; by my life i do; i swear, by that which i will lose for you, to prove him a liar that says i don’t love you.	1
why ,  what a king is this !	1
am i the motive of these tears ,  my lord ?	1
what's the matter with you now?	1
is there any more ,  or is that it ?	1
i care not for my spirits ,  if my legs were not weary .	1
who ,  queasy with his insolence already ,  will their good thoughts call from him .	1
never talk to me .	1
good morrow to this fair assembly .	1
they must take it in sense that feel it .	1
o ,  banish me ,  my lord ,  but kill me not !	1
you know that the style of a man’s jacket or hat or coat means nothing .	1
why did you leave the dining room ?	1
are they all ready ?	1
am i a coward ?	1
go ahead ,  i’ll yield to your power .	1
for england!	1
enliven them with yours !	1
oh ,  my mistress ,  a villain has made a mockery of your love !	1
imagine the french ambassador returning to inform harry that the king offers him	1
here, peter quince.	1
and now they never meet in grove or green ,  by fountain clear ,  or spangled starlight sheen ,  but they do square ,  that all their elves for fear creep into acorn cups and hide them there .	1
if i know nothing about pity ,  that must mean i’m not an animal .	1
light!	1
your nymphs, called naiads of the wandering brooks, with your sedged crowns and over-harmless looks, leave your crisp channels and on this green land answer your summons; juno does command.	1
laertes ,  was your father dear to you ?	1
a halter pardon him!	1
it’s going feel like twenty years until then.	1
and so return to you ,  and nothing else ?	1
invest me in my motley .	1
goodbye.	1
banquo !	1
we seemed to have two separate bodies ,  but we had one heart .	1
i thank you, doctor.	1
for doting ,  not for loving ,  pupil mine .	1
drunk?	1
my father’s death—      thy life hath it dishonored .	1
all we do is sit and sit and eat and eat .	1
you are not wood ,  you are not stones ,  but men .	1
sirrah, what made your master in this place?	1
who would do so ?	1
i wish you’d never met him .	1
i could find it in my heart to beat him , — come ,  kiss .	1
yes ,  yes .	1
but that i am forbid to tell the secrets of my prison - house ,  i could a tale unfold whose lightest word would harrow up thy soul ,  freeze thy young blood ,  make thy two eyes ,  like stars ,  start from their spheres ,  thy knotted and combined locks to part ,  and each particular hair to stand an end like quills upon the fretful porpentine .	1
love's heralds should be thoughts, which glide ten times faster than the sun's beams, driving back shadows over lowering hills.	1
here he comes .	1
i had thought to have let in some of all professions ,  that go the primrose way to the everlasting bonfire .	1
i have broken his command not to say so .	1
peter, take my fan, and go before, and apace.	1
and leave us ,  publius for fear that the people will attack us ,  doing some mischief to your old body .	1
we will ourselves provide .	1
what ,  no more ?	1
that’s a nasty garter belt .	1
and cassio killed?	1
but what say you to thursday ?	1
the folly of this island !	1
who’s that ?	1
amen .	1
follow that gentleman now ,  and be careful not to make fun of him .	1
poor soul ,  thy face is much abused with tears .	1
here i am at your service ,  my dear lord .	1
he is .	1
he did command me to call timely on him .	1
o, my fear interprets!	1
yonder ,  sir ,  he walks .	1
your authorization is ready .	1
run when you will; the story shall be changed: apollo flies ,  and daphne holds the chase; the dove pursues the griffin; the mild hind makes speed to catch the tiger; bootless speed ,  when cowardice pursues and valour flies .	1
i am poison'd.	1
what is't ,  laertes ?	1
my lord ?	1
look ,  he’s approaching caesar .	1
my mother is waiting .	1
do thy office .	1
therefore have done.	1
if the witches tell the truth—which they did about you—maybe what they said about me will come true too .	1
well ,  let it be . — what ho ,  malvolio !	1
but for the whole world ?	1
ah ,  juliet ,  if the measure of thy joy be heap'd like mine ,  and that thy skill be more to blazon it ,  then sweeten with thy breath this neighbour air ,  and let rich music's tongue unfold the imagin'd happiness that both receive in either by this dear encounter .	1
nor i, my lord.	1
day and night ,  hour after hour ,  all the time ,  at work ,  at play ,  alone ,  in company ,  my top priority has always been to find her a husband .	1
and let the laboring ship climb hills of oceans as high as olympus ,  and duck down again as low as hell is from heaven !	1
come here ,  tyrrel .	1
thou speak'st with all thy wit ,  and yet ,  i’ faith ,  with wit enough for thee .	1
no more words.	1
what do you think about it ?	1
do so ,  good messala .	1
i’m my own spokesman .	1
is his army coming ?	1
good night .	1
if love is blind ,  it can’t hit the target .	1
methinks the wind hath spoke aloud at land ,  a fuller blast ne'er shook our battlements .	1
forever and a day .	1
thieves !	1
here in the tent.	1
into my grave?	1
the lord keep him from the title of king !	1
murderer !	1
and i like helen ,  till the fates me kill .	1
but ,  othello ,  speak .	1
fly, my lord, fly.	1
get me a taper in my study ,  lucius .	1
our fortune lies upon this jump .	1
you laugh when boys or women tell their dreams .	1
be bright and jovial among your guests tonight.	1
for now ,  because of this fearful night ,  there’s no noise or walking in the streets ,  and the weather reflects the work we have at hand ,  most bloody ,  fiery ,  and most terrible .	1
how?	1
lady ,  will you walk a bout with your friend ?	1
where are you?	1
the hour steals on .	1
our posts shall be swift and intelligent betwixt us . —farewell ,  dear sister .	1
if that the turkish fleet be not enshelter'd and embay'd, they are drown'd; it is impossible to bear it out.	1
come your ways .	1
come one more; two of both kinds makes up four .	1
montjoy .	1
but ,  to my thinking ,  he was very reluctant to remove his fingers off it .	1
do this suddenly ,  and let not search and inquisition quail to bring again these foolish runaways .	1
yes ,  if a woman grows up to be a man .	1
i bought an unction of a mountebank, so mortal that but dip a knife in it, where it draws blood no cataplasm so rare, collected from all simples that have virtue under the moon, can save the thing from death this is but scratch'd withal.	1
i think our country sinks beneath the yoke; it weeps ,  it bleeds ,  and each new day ,  another gash is added to her wounds .	1
instance ,  briefly .	1
this is my treasurer .	1
now ,  my friendly knave ,  i thank thee .	1
beseech you ,  father .	1
i hope you will consider what is spoke comes from my love .	1
where do you live ,  pretty young man ?	1
o, farewell, farewell the neighing horse and the shrill trumpet, the spirit-stirring drum, the ear-piercing fife, the royal banner, and all goodness, pride, pomp, and circumstance of glorious war!	1
i beg you, don’t let me down.	1
let the world collapse around us .	1
come ,  be a man .	1
i'll make no more mothers for fish; or fetch in firing wood when asked to ,  or scrape dishes ,  or wash dishes; 'ban 'ban ,  ca—caliban ,  has a new master—get a new man .	1
are they all ready ?	1
thou call’st on him that hates thee .	1
no ,  my lord .	1
by my holy order ,  i thought your disposition was of a better temper .	1
but what say you to thursday?	1
wisdom?	1
some haste ,  my lord !	1
excuse me, sir.	1
how like you the young german ,  the duke of saxony’s nephew ?	1
thou an egyptian puppet shalt be shown in rome ,  as well as i .	1
of that i shall have also cause to speak ,  and from his mouth whose voice will draw on more .	1
there’s nothing of the weak woman left in me .	1
came you ,  from padua ,  from bellario ?	1
we thought you ought to know about it .	1
you know, sometimes he walks four hours together here in the lobby.	1
now shall my friend petruchio do me grace ,  and offer me disguised in sober robes to old baptista as a schoolmaster well seen in music ,  to instruct bianca ,  that so i may ,  by this device at least ,  have leave and leisure to make love to her and ,  unsuspected ,  court her by herself .	1
well ,  let him go .	1
it must needs be of subtle ,  tender ,  and delicate temperance .	1
they who have done this deed are honorable.	1
they were traitors !	1
when he raised his arm in command ,  the world trembled .	1
i’ll fish for you and get you plenty of firewood .	1
and after this let caesar seat him sure; for we will shake him ,  or worse days endure .	1
farewell, dear father.	1
no ,  not at all .	1
my love forgives him so ,  that even his stubbornness ,  his checks ,  his frowns ,  i beg you ,  unpin my hair ,  have grace and favor in them .	1
go ,  you cot - quean ,  go .	1
which of you does not tremble when you see me ?	1
i have to tell you everything .	1
to him ,  father .	1
now all the late travellers are hurrying to reach their inns .	1
o heat ,  dry up my brains !	1
soft you; a word or two before you go.	1
o caesar, read mine first, for mine's a suit that touches caesar nearer.	1
her mood must be pitied .	1
most certain .	1
if i do not put on a sober habit ,  talk with respect and swear but now and then ,  wear prayer books in my pocket ,  look demurely— nay more .	1
if ,  sir ,  perchance she have restrained the riots of your followers ,  'tis on such ground and to such wholesome end as clears her from all blame .	1
but how is it that this lives in thy mind ?	1
we have consented to all reasonable terms .	1
she will be pleased .	1
in good time ,  sir ,  what’s that ?	1
so ,  thank god ,  there is no real need for me ,  as i wouldn’t be able to help you much .	1
be near at hand; i mess it up .	1
before i open this letter ,  please tell me how my good friend is doing .	1
that is the very defect of the matter ,  sir .	1
that’s me .	1
so be it .	1
believe me ,  i cannot .	1
i will, my lord.	1
that nothing do but meditate on blood ,  to swearing and stern looks ,  diffused attire ,  and everything that seems unnatural .	1
boy, this shall not excuse the injuries that thou hast done me; therefore turn and draw.	1
remember it ,  my lord !	1
breaks my head across?	1
has he never before sounded you in this business ?	1
therefore you must run ,  noble cassius .	1
what ,  and my old venetian friend ,  salanio !	1
lead ,  boy .	1
thou almost makest me waver in my faith to hold opinion with pythagoras that souls of animals infuse themselves into the trunks of men .	1
flies may do this ,  when i must fly from this .	1
well ,  when nature makes a person beautiful ,  can’t fortune make her fall into a fire ,  thereby making her ugly after all ?	1
my uncle is king of denmark ,  and the same people who made fun of him while my father was still alive are now rushing to pay twenty ,  forty ,  fifty ,  a hundred ducats apiece for miniature portraits of him .	1
tell me.	1
it is very necessary that we forget to pay ourselves what we owe to ourselves .	1
her eye must be fed; and what delight shall she have to look on the devil ?	1
i would my father look'd but with my eyes.	1
ay ,  that they do ,  my lord ,  hercules and his load too .	1
well ,  sir ,  i’ll bring you to our master lear and leave you to attend him .	1
the greater therefore should our courage be .	1
what's the matter ?	1
shall rome stand under one man's awe ?	1
thou think’st ’tis much that this contentious storm invades us to the skin .	1
with my music playing in the background ,  i’ll lure fish .	1
ha ,  ha ,  ha !	1
to sebastian] he'd sow't with or docks ,  or mallows .	1
but if you mouth it, as many of our players do, i had as lief the town-crier spoke my lines.	1
it is an accustomed action with her to seem thus washing her hands .	1
how should they ,  when wise men have no eyes ?	1
what news ,  my lord ?	1
o slave !	1
who's there?	1
we can all go together .	1
he says for brutus' sake he finds himself beholding to us all .	1
and let the wise man run away .	1
thou canst not speak of that thou dost not feel.	1
but ,  be careful that you don’t stay after the guards are in place ,  because then ,  you cannot get to mantua ,  where you shall live until we can find a time to publicize your marriage ,  reconcile your friends ,  beg pardon of the prince ,  and call you back with twenty hundred thousand times more joy than you left here in grief .	1
delay it not; i'll have him hence tonight .	1
you are very well met .	1
dull thing ,  i say so: he ,  that caliban whom now i keep in service .	1
who wouldst thou serve ?	1
if that can be done, then i think we’ve covered everything.	1
in order to find a mother and a brother ,  i too have lost myself ,  unhappily .	1
let me find him, fortune!	1
welcome ,  good cambio .	1
from this time forth i never will speak word .	1
nearest his heart ” —those are the very words .	1
by my troth ,  thou hast an open hand .	1
caesar's better parts shall be crowned in brutus.	1
i’ll bleed to death .	1
dun's the mouse ,  the constable's own word !	1
a knavish speech sleeps in a foolish ear .	1
you annoying idiot ,  what epidamnum ship is waiting for me ?	1
yes ,  in faith ,  my lord .	1
if you poison us ,  do we not die ?	1
i will stay covered here until the last of the storm is over.	1
that’s why i praise myself ,  who—if i do say so myself—is quite praiseworthy .	1
stay the friar too.	1
and then the lion vanishes.	1
good thou ,  save me a piece of marchpane ,  and ,  as thou loves me ,  let the porter let in susan grindstone and nell . —antony and potpan !	1
o most dear mistress ,  the sun will set before i shall discharge what i must strive to do .	1
good morrow ,  cousin .	1
tell her the king ,  that may command ,  entreats— that ,  at her hands ,  which the king’s king forbids .	1
when you are gentle ,  you shall have one too ,  and not till then .	1
fillet of a snake that lived in a bog ,  in the caldron boil and bake; eye of newt ,  and toe of frog ,  wool of bat ,  and tongue of dog ,  a black snake’s forked tongue ,  and its cousin’s sting ,  lizard's leg ,  and owlet's wing ,  for a charm of powerful trouble ,  like a hell - broth ,  boil and bubble .	1
this wicked man will be brought face to face with margaret ,  who i believe was hired by don john to take part in this plot .	1
who sued to me for him ?	1
when at your hands did i deserve this scorn ?	1
no, indeed, are they not.	1
inside the little rind of this weak flower ,  there is both poison and powerful medicine .	1
if haply you my father do suspect an instrument of this your calling back ,  lay not your blame on me .	1
i’d rather bear with you than  well ,  this is the forest of arden .	1
if you have lost him: why ,  i have lost him too .	1
this diamond is a present from him to your wife for her boundless hospitality .	1
no, but tonight is an exception; you shall not judge me by what we do tonight.	1
i mean ,  sir ,  for his weapon; but in the imputation laid on him by them ,  in his meed he's unfellowed .	1
the king ,  his brother ,  and yours ,  abide all three distracted ,  and the remainder mourning over them ,  brimful of sorrow and dismay .	1
blow ,  wind !	1
no ,  cassius ,  no .	1
i want you .	1
is't possible ?	1
what does the golden box say ?	1
and were you then happy to find shelter on a bed of hay along with swine and homeless bums ?	1
so ,  there’s the signal to ride .	1
when it is paid according to the tenor.	1
what man was he talked with you yesternight out at your window betwixt twelve and one ?	1
near to her close and consecrated private place ,  while she was sleeping ,  a crew of actors ,  rude mechanicals ,  that work for bread near athenian shops ,  were met together to rehearse a play intended for great theseus' wedding day .	1
understand ?	1
the other half goes to the state .	1
but in your daughter’s womb i bury them ,  where ,  in that nest of spicery ,  they will breed selves of themselves ,  to your recomforture .	1
he were no lion, were not romans hinds.	1
my cousin means signior benedick of padua .	1
you have amazed me .	1
there's a french salutation to your french slop .	1
i’ll bring you to him .	1
i will tell you now ,  as you know ,  young fortinbras ,  not thinking very much of us ,  or thinking that our late dear brother's death made our country disorganized and no longer powerful ,  conspiring with this dream of his advantage ,  has not failed to pester us with messages ,  asking us to the surrender of those lands lost by his father ,  within all the rules of law ,  to our most valiant brother .	1
he was wont to call me usurer; let him look to his bond .	1
both myself and many other friend but he ,  advisor to his own affections ,  keeps it all to himself – i will not say how true but to himself ,  so secret and so close ,  so far from sounding and discovery ,  just like a flower bud bit by a worm jealous of its beauty before her can bloom and spread his sweet leaves to the air ,  or dedicate his beauty to the sun .	1
no ,  advancement to the dignity and height of honor ,  to a high ,  imperial kind of glory .	1
well gentlemen ,  we’ve heard our assignment .	1
and pluck the wings from painted butterflies to fan the moonbeams from his sleeping eyes .	1
and so did i .	1
see ,  there she lies ,  flower as she was ,  deflowered by him .	1
o, for shame!	1
but whenever you feel a larger pain ,  the smaller one disappears .	1
that part of his reputation will stand .	1
to do this is within the compass of man's wit ,  and therefore i will attempt the doing it .	1
in a way ”  is the right way to go .	1
go ,  get going .	1
what is now amiss that caesar and his senate must redress ?	1
o sisters three ,  come ,  come to me with hands as pale as milk .	1
oh ,  i wish i were a man !	1
not in the legions of horrid hell can come a devil more damn'd in evils to top macbeth .	1
who is this ?	1
i come to go get you to the senate - house .	1
oh ,  let us be merciful anyway .	1
no ,  he’s an ordinary guy who ’s got a gentleman for a son ,  since someone would have to be crazy to let his son become a gentleman before he’s achieved that distinction himself .	1
i saw mark antony offer him a crown (yet ’twas not a crown neither ,  ’twas one of these coronets) and ,  as i told you ,  he put it by once—but ,  for all that ,  to my thinking ,  he would fain have had it .	1
there be land rats and water rats ,  water thieves and land thieves—i mean pirates—and then there is the peril of waters ,  winds ,  and rocks .	1
cheers ,  boys .	1
what do you have to say ,  my dear nurse ?	1
it’s hamlet's handwriting.	1
riddling confession finds but riddling shrift .	1
feed him with apricoks and dewberries ,  with purple grapes ,  green figs ,  and mulberries .	1
go ,  good tubal .	1
he's now in florence.	1
seek him ,  bid him come hither .	1
come now, your promise.	1
o, pardon, sir, it does, and the gray lines over there that adorn the clouds are the messengers of dawn.	1
now ,  good sweet nurse— o lord ,  why look’st thou sad ?	1
well done, my bird.	1
well ,  praised be the gods for thy foulness; sluttishness may come hereafter .	1
signor martino and his wife and daughters ,  count anselme and his beautiful sisters ,  vitruvio’s widow ,  signor placentio and his lovely nieces ,  mercutio and his brother valentine ,  my uncle capulet and his wife and daughters ,  my fair niece rosaline and livia ,	1
what is the matter ?	1
i drunk !	1
he will not say so.	1
why ,  if two gods should play some heavenly match and on the wager lay two earthly women ,  and portia one ,  there must be something else pawned with the other ,  for the poor rude world hath not her fellow .	1
goodbye ,  my husband .	1
if i answered that question ,  i’d be making confession to you .	1
why, no; but sadly tell me who.	1
what a haste looks through his eyes !	1
i pay thy poverty and not thy will.	1
what ceremony else ?	1
if he says anything against me ,  i’ll humble him ,  even if he were stronger than he is—and twenty punks like him .	1
what mar you then ,  sir ?	1
awake ,  i say !	1
of fighting men they have full threescore thousand .	1
for i have seen more years ,  i’m sure ,  than ye .	1
sir paris ,  i will make a desperate tender of my child’s love .	1
does he reward my dedicated service with such deep contempt ?	1
i will .	1
some there be that shadows kiss .	1
i'll send my prayers with him .	1
oh ,  no .	1
i have more care to stay than will to go .	1
i'll wait no longer.	1
nay ,  she is worse; she is the devil’s dam ,  and here she comes in the habit of a light wench .	1
all school-days' friendship, childhood innocence?	1
stop it ,  marcellus .	1
menas ,  i don’t understand how minor quarrels can be superseded by greater ones .	1
if he is ready now ,  i am too ,  now or whenever ,  provided that i am so able as i am now .	1
welcome ,  my good friends !	1
then confess what evil is there mingled with your love .	1
what do i see on thee?	1
prostitute ,  i’m coming !	1
just looking at you makes me sick .	1
oh ,  what a world is this when what is comely envenoms him that bears it !	1
amen .	1
go ,  you old housewife ,  go .	1
he receives comfort like cold porridge .	1
three thousand ducats for three months ,  and antonio will guarantee it .	1
we’ll see 'em starve first .	1
what will you tell her ,  nurse ?	1
you are right ,  it’s for my mistress .	1
caesar speaks.	1
he’s an unremarkable man ,  fit only to be sent on errands .	1
come ,  poor remains of friends ,  rest on this rock .	1
these are tricks of the imagination ,  and this place is filled with magicians .	1
thou dost not mark me .	1
yes ,  but the clerk will never do it ,  unless he grows up to be a man .	1
god’s blood!, there is something more than natural in this, if philosophy could figure it out.	1
they steal hearts .	1
i would not change this hue except to steal your thoughts ,  my gentle queen .	1
but yet ,  i say ,  if imputation and strong circumstances ,  which lead directly to the door of truth ,  will give you satisfaction ,  you may have't .	1
good for you ,  holding out on me like this !	1
all this suggests that she has a good reason for doing this to you .	1
who do you think you are ,  keeping me out of my own house ?	1
ha ,  ha !	1
arm you ,  i pray you ,  to this speedy voyage .	1
let’s go !	1
two such opposed kings encamp them still in man as well as herbs—grace and rude will; and where the worser is predominant ,  full soon the canker death eats up that plant .	1
i humbly say goodbye .	1
damn ,  there is no such man; it is impossible .	1
ay, the heads of the maids, or their maidenheads.	1
without his fish eggs ,  like a dried herring .	1
oh, sweetheart, take what i said in an innocent sense.	1
the english power is near, led on by malcolm, his uncle siward, and the good macduff.	1
but there’s more work to be done .	1
look ,  he stirs: do you withdraw yourself a little while ,  he will recover straight .	1
o ,  my daughter !	1
farewell ,  dear father .	1
all’s cheerless ,  dark ,  and deadly .	1
we’ll go visit caliban ,  my slave who always talks to us so nastily .	1
call help .	1
we can’t go on with this plan .	1
but where was this?	1
i doubt it not; and all these woes shall serve for sweet discourses in our time to come.	1
the whole town will riot !	1
i will deliver you or else lie for you .	1
you are pictures out of door ,  bells in your parlors ,  wild - cats in your kitchens ,  saints in your injuries ,  devils being offended ,  players in your housewifery ,  and housewives in your beds .	1
don’t think i’m in love with him just because i’m asking about him .	1
who else should be ?	1
you mean  “ paragon .  ”  a  the duke’s leaving the temple .	1
come on ,  you .	1
a good dinner for guests is more like one that’s bought rather than given ,  if the host doesn’t make frequent toasts .	1
fear’st thou that ,  antonio ?	1
what’s this ,  you dog ?	1
how are you, desdemona?	1
when jacob took care of his uncle laban’s sheep—jacob was the heir to his grandfather abraham’s birthright ,  because his mother cleverly arranged for her husband isaac to make jacob his heir— what’s your point ?	1
farewell; because i must leave you.	1
help me out of here .	1
you, wretched boy, that hung out with him here, will be with him there.	1
o desdemon!	1
your spirits wildly peep from your eyes, and, as the sleeping soldiers at the alarm, your bedded hairs, like life in growths, start up and stand an end.	1
the story goes that ,  sleeping in my orchard ,  a serpent bit me .	1
no more, i pray thee; i am half afeard, thou wilt say anon he is some kin to thee, thou spend'st such high-day wit in praising him.	1
no more !	1
i won’t be afraid until birnam wood remove to dunsinane.	1
i know him well by reputation .	1
o heaven!	1
what is't, my lord?	1
yes ,  he is dead .	1
go find him there .	1
good night.	1
what sorrow craves to know me at my hand ,  that i don’t know yet ?	1
how is it with you ,  my most fair bianca ?	1
stop, oh!	1
and i’m expecting his reproach .	1
hark, canst thou hear me?	1
wait ,  good beatrice .	1
you shall confess that you are both deceived .	1
when it is paid according to the terms .	1
go ,  sirrah ,  trudge about through fair verona .	1
mine nightingale ,  we have beat them to their beds .	1
put your dagger away .	1
how nice of you !	1
but this most foul ,  strange and unnatural .	1
will you pull your sword out of its sheath ?	1
tell us ,  bottom .	1
i chose her when i could not ask my father for his advice, nor thought i had one.	1
what ,  have you dined at home ?	1
what is it else ?	1
what does she say ,  madam interpreter ?	1
what's that ,  my lord ?	1
here’s the money you asked me to hold .	1
that huge black cloud over there looks like a filthy liquor jug that’s about to pour out its contents .	1
caliban drinks] amen!	1
if you happen to see horatio and marcellus ,  who are supposed to stand guard with me tonight ,  tell them to hurry .	1
i know when one is dead and when one lives .	1
dost thou in conscience think—tell me ,  emilia— that there be women do abuse their husbands in such gross kind ?	1
but i do prophesy the election lights on fortinbras .	1
was milan thrust from milan ,  that his issue should become kings of naples ?	1
what's to be done ?	1
i’d rather have a handful or two of dried peas .	1
i like him very well .	1
but you’ll be secret ?	1
your part in her you could not keep from death, but heaven keeps his part in eternal life.	1
o ,  hardness to lie !	1
you have ,  my lord .	1
come, bring me to where they are.	1
make the trial of it in any constant question .	1
lord of his fortunes he salutes thee ,  and requires to live in egypt; which not granted ,  he lessens his requests ,  and to thee sues to let him breathe between the heavens and earth a private man in athens .	1
don’t laugh at me ,  but i swear i think this lady is my child cordelia .	1
oh ,  i’ve been murdered unfairly !	1
deceiving me ”  is thisbe's cue .	1
i will be deaf to pleading and excuses; nor tears nor prayers shall purchase out abuses.	1
for edward ,  for my brother ,  for his sake .	1
with this strange virtue ,  he hath a heavenly gift of prophecy ,  and sundry blessings hang about his throne ,  that speak him full of grace .	1
now ,  by the faith of my love ,  i will .	1
then will i lay the serving - creature's dagger on your pate .	1
take some remembrance of us as a tribute ,  not as a fee .	1
jove bless thee ,  master parson .	1
this book in many girls' eyes shares the glory, that with gold clips locks in the golden story; so you will share all that he possesses, by having him, you are doing no less than making yourself.	1
and he’s made the holiest vows to me ,  to back up what he says .	1
nor will you not tell me who you are ?	1
and we ,  like friends ,  will straightway go together .	1
what fear is this which startles in our ears?	1
get a little sleep .	1
no man’s life was to be trusted with them .	1
it’s unnatural ,  even like the deed that's been done .	1
there's millions now alive that nightly lie in those unproper beds which they dare swear peculiar.	1
with robbers' hands my hospitable favors you should not ruffle thus .	1
here is a letter found in the pocket of the murdered roderigo ,  and here another .	1
my lord ,  his majesty commended him to you by young osric ,  who brings back to him that you attend him in the hall .	1
and i beseech you instantly to visit my too much changed son.	1
such a wagoner as phaeton would whip you to the west and bring in cloudy night immediately.	1
dearly my delicate ariel .	1
o ,  throw away the worse part of it ,  and live the purer life with the other half .	1
he is dead and gone ,  lady ,  he is dead and gone; at his head a grass - green turf ,  at his heels a stone .	1
master ,  master !	1
what ?	1
will you go see the order of the winners of the race?	1
they fell together all ,  as by consent .	1
great dunsinane he strongly fortifies.	1
o ,  behold ,  the riches of the ship is come on shore !	1
yes ,  that’s all true—but what do you mean by it ,  my lord ?	1
stay with us .	1
very well !	1
but ,  soft !	1
aside to antonio] the next advantage [aside to antonio] the next advantage will we take throughly.	1
i hate it as an unfilled can .	1
wilt thou show the whole wealth of thy wit in an instant ?	1
where is thy instrument ?	1
that is where we dined ,  where dowsabel did claim me for her husband .	1
yes ,  madam ,  from the reach of my hands .	1
i would gladly prove so.	1
sweet portia ,  if you did know to whom i gave the ring ,  if you did know for whom i gave the ring ,  and would conceive for what i gave the ring ,  and how unwillingly i left the ring ,  when nought would be accepted but the ring ,  you would abate the strength of your displeasure .	1
i'll stay no longer question.	1
the castle’s gently rendered .	1
she’s shut inside a dead man’s tomb !	1
great mark antony is now a widower .	1
didst not mark that?	1
thou shalt be loggerhead.good faith,'tis day.	1
are you truthful?	1
the phrase would be more germane to the matter if we could carry cannon by our sides .	1
our general’s wife is now the general .	1
what do you think of marching to philippi presently ?	1
king stephen was a worthy peer, his breeches cost him but a crown; he held them sixpence all too dear, with that he call'd the tailor lown.	1
am i not wise ?	1
his shroud is as white as the mountain snow ,  alas ,  look here ,  my lord !	1
twere to consider too curiously ,  to consider so .	1
if she and i be pleased ,  what’s that to you ?	1
i say ,  it is not lost .	1
your overwhelming kindness makes me weep .	1
pray thee ,  marry us .	1
tybalt ,  the reason that i have to love thee doth much excuse the appertaining rage to such a greeting .	1
hamlet, thou hast thy father much offended.	1
such as she says my lord did say i was .	1
draws.	1
o, look!	1
most like a gentleman.	1
never was seen so black a day as this .	1
read this petition.	1
anything .	1
life’s better at	1
now go ,  leave me .	1
you have to read us the will ,  caesar’s will .	1
o hateful day!	1
pleaseth you walk with me down to his house ,  i will discharge my bond and thank you too .	1
here's a knocking indeed!	1
all that i have to say is to tell you that the lanthorn is the moon; i, the man i' the moon; this thorn-bush, my thorn-bush; and this dog, my dog.	1
no ,  please .	1
to her ,  my lord ,  was i betrothed ere i saw hermia .	1
it is my duty ,  sir .	1
our power is ready; our lack is nothing but our leave .	1
for your part ,  our swords have leaden points to you ,  mark antony; our arms in strength of friendship ,  and our hearts of brotherly disposition ,  receive you with all kind love ,  good thoughts ,  and reverence .	1
but i will tell you at some meeter season .	1
why came i hither but to that intent ?	1
i can see what’s in broad daylight .	1
i will discharge it in either your straw color beard ,  your orange - tawny beard ,  your purple - in - grain beard ,  or your french crown color beard ,  your perfect yellow .	1
trinculo ,  run into no further danger .	1
well then ,  can’t i act as rosalind for you tomorrow ?	1
made i him king for this ?	1
how came her eyes so bright ?	1
hey ,  if i’d remembered something about him ,  i could have had a good comeback for my uncle ,  touching on his growth worse than he touched on mine .	1
yea, and my father.	1
to die ,  to sleep .	1
then ,  i defy you ,  stars !	1
now that i’m done ,  wall can go away .	1
double, double, toil and trouble; fire burn and cauldron bubble.	1
which one of you all will now deny to dance?	1
what's the matter?	1
why ?	1
so my eye is very attracted to your shape; and your fair virtue's force violently moves me ,  on the first look of you ,  to say ,  to swear ,  i love you .	1
the law has another hold on you .	1
go, get going.	1
why ,  because he was mad .	1
am i in france ?	1
were you thinking of spending the night here ?	1
i will be with thee straight .	1
the beds i’ th’ east are soft ,  and thanks to you ,  that called me timelier than my purpose hither ,  for i have gained by ’t .	1
those are the things we pine for now .	1
look at your wife; observe her well with cassio; wear your eye like this, not jealous or secure.	1
hark thee ,  dardanius .	1
only be patient till we have appeased the multitude, beside themselves with fear, and then we will deliver you the cause why i, that did love caesar when i struck him, have thus proceeded.	1
oh ,  antony ,  don’t beg us to kill you .	1
who else ?	1
indeed they are disproportion'd; my letters say a hundred and seven galleys .	1
come you from old bellario ?	1
macbeth doth come .	1
my life has run its circle .	1
antonio, thank this gentleman, because, in my opinion, you owe him a lot.	1
i will catechize the world for him; that is ,  make ques -  tions and by them answer .	1
call up all my people!	1
your brother is banished by decree .	1
i rather tell thee what is to be fear'd than what i fear, for always i am caesar.	1
that same cowardly ,  giantlike ox - beef hath devoured many a gentleman of your house .	1
a cup closed in my true love's hand?	1
old lord ,  i cannot blame thee ,  who am myself attached with weariness to th' dulling of my spirits .	1
bless thy five wits .	1
it had been so with us ,  had we been there .	1
we are less afraid to be drowned than thou art .	1
o, my good lord, i would speak with you!	1
disloyal ?	1
therefore, my lord,— damn it, what a waste he makes of his words!	1
that’s me ,  sir .	1
i know not ,  sir .	1
oh ,  god !	1
and then it started ,  like a guilty thing upon a fearful summons .	1
he's now in florence .	1
this ,  decius brutus .	1
will you show the whole wealth of your wit al at once ?	1
why should the poor be flatter'd?	1
life ,  living — death has it all .	1
you have no weapon ,  and must be forced to suffer .	1
all ?	1
believe me ,  i’d rather have lost a purse full of gold coins .	1
how weary, stale, flat and unprofitable seem to me all the uses of this world!	1
i see you surrounded by the finest nobles in the kingdom that speak my greetings by their thoughts, whose voices i want to hear loudly with mine: hail, king of scotland!	1
oh ,  out of that  “ no hope ”  what great hope have you !	1
here's goodly gear!	1
how shall you hope for mercy, giving none?	1
do so ,  and after two days i will discharge thee .	1
will you let it fall ?	1
o damned iago!	1
seven days and nights ?	1
what is the matter?	1
in the secret parts of fortune ?	1
i’m afraid something dangerous is coming toward you .	1
all this my sister is ,  or else should be .	1
for the law of writ and the liberty ,  these are the only men .	1
go get it and bring it to me here in the orchard .	1
yet again your fingers to your lips?	1
what’s going on between you two ?	1
you would play me ,  you would seem to know my holes to cover ,  you want to pick out the heart of my mystery ,  you would sound me from my lowest note to the my highest note ,  and there is much music ,  excellent voice ,  in this little pipe ,  yet you can’t play it .	1
then call we this the field of agincourt ,  fought on the day of crispin crispianus .	1
prince dauphin ,  you’ll stay with me in rouen .	1
well, let's away and say how much is done.	1
the gods know— oh ,  never has a queen been so betrayed as i have been .	1
peace ,  ho !	1
in religion ,  what damned error ,  but some sober brow will bless it ,  and approve it with a text ,  hiding the grossness with fair ornament ?	1
down ,  prostitute !	1
no ,  that’s not it—it’s because of what happens in the marriage bed .	1
ay, my lord, and of calveskins too.	1
here comes kent .	1
how beautiful mankind is !	1
caesar ,  i will .	1
will you grant with me that ferdinand is drowned?	1
i wouldn’t care about my spirits ,  if my legs weren’t tired .	1
poison ,  i see ,  hath been his timeless end .	1
i will get peter quince to write a ballad of this dream .	1
twould anger him to raise a spirit in his mistress’ circle of some strange nature, letting it there stand till she had laid it and conjur'd it down.	1
let wantons light of heart tickle the senseless rushes with their heels; for i am proverb'd with a grandsire phrase ,  i'll be a candle - holder and look on; the game was ne'er so fair ,  and i am done .	1
o serpent heart ,  hid with a flow'ring face !	1
i do not think there is any such woman.	1
you’re not taking one step toward an enemy .	1
i don’t know; i am sure i am no one like that .	1
why ,  god will send more ,  if the man will be thankful .	1
are you up ?	1
trouble us not .	1
if it turns out he wasn’t ,  certain people are going to get it .	1
the gods know how dearly caesar loved him !	1
but ,  to go back to where i started ,  our wills and fates run in so much in different directions ,  that our plans are still turned upside down ,  our thoughts are ours ,  but their results aren’t ours .	1
what ,  is the man insane ?	1
sans fable ,  she herself reviled you there .	1
i heard thee say even now thou lik’st not that when cassio left my wife .	1
i had you figured for a piece of furniture .	1
well ,  we almost fought and then realized that we had reached the seventh cause .	1
and ,  gentle puck ,  take this transformèd scalp from off the head of this athenian swain ,  that ,  he awaking when the other do ,  may all to athens back again repair and think no more of this night’s accidents but as the fierce vexation of a dream .	1
is he not honest ?	1
thou still hast been the father of good news .	1
i jest to oberon, and make him smile, when i a fat and bean-fed horse beguile, neighing in likeness of a filly foal; and sometime lurk i in a gossip's bowl in very likeness of a roasted crab, and, when she drinks, against her lips i bob, and on her withered dewlap pour the ale.	1
thou art the ruins of the noblest man that ever lived in the tide of times .	1
stand up .	1
i will discharge thee ere i go from thee .	1
sister ,  content you in my discontent . — sir ,  to your pleasure humbly i subscribe .	1
wisely ,  and slow .	1
flies may do this, when i must fly from this.	1
thanks, rosencrantz and gentle guildenstern.	1
by heaven, i'll know thy thoughts.	1
o, banish me, my lord, but kill me not!	1
o jephthah, judge of israel, what a treasure you had!	1
aren’t you lady olivia’s fool ?	1
you love me in spite of your heart ,  i think .	1
at other times ,  i know what’s what .	1
i went beyond what i was going to say to tell you about it .	1
o the blessed gods !	1
hob ,  nob ,  is his word .	1
i say ,  away !	1
now is the wall down between the two neighbors.	1
good night, honest iago.	1
it is two or three, my lord, that bring you word macduff is fled to england.	1
i beg you, horatio, tell me one thing.	1
i have ’t .	1
and yet no matter .	1
i beg you not to push my speech to grosser issues or to reach beyond mere suspicion.	1
o heavens ,  that such companions thou’dst unfold ,  and put in every honest hand a whip to lash the rascals naked through the world even from the east to th' west !	1
why ?	1
i know you are loyal and honorable .	1
call him !	1
begone . — on ,  officer ,  to prison till it come .	1
here comes a messenger .	1
why do you speak so faintly ?	1
i will hear that play .	1
if he’s nearby ,  i want an explanation .	1
this is how god forces wicked men to turn their swords against themselves .	1
murder!	1
you wouldn’t have dared to tempt him so.	1
give me that boy, and i will go with thee.	1
stand !	1
don’t come near until you hear me call.	1
yet i hate not orlando .	1
but it is no matter .	1
now i am in debt to my enemy.	1
who is your lord ?	1
that’s cowardly and womanish .	1
no ,  he’s a yeoman that has a gentleman to his son ,  for he’s a mad yeoman that sees his son a gentleman before him .	1
i’m the man she wants .	1
oh ,  ay .	1
you should be women ,  and yet your beards forbid me to interpret that you are so .	1
you are welcome for his sake .	1
listen to my little story ,  and when it’s done ,  oh ,  my heart will break !	1
it alone concerns your ear .	1
if any wretch have put this in your head, let heaven requite it with the serpent's curse!	1
now he tells how she brought him to my bedroom.	1
i hang onto your thoughts.	1
let all the rest give place .	1
for once upon a raw and gusty day ,  the troubled tiber chafing with her shores ,  caesar said to me ,   “ darest thou ,  cassius ,  now leap in with me into this angry flood and swim to yonder point ?  ”  upon the word ,  accoutred as i was ,  i plungèd in and bade him follow .	1
you remember that time i sat on a big rock by the ocean ,  and heard a mermaid ,  on a dolphin's back ,  singing such a sweet and melodious song that the rough sea became calm when it heard it ,  and certain stars shot madly out of their orbits to hear the sea - maid's music ?	1
young son ,  it argues a distempered head so soon to bid good morrow to thy bed .	1
well ,  my good lord ,  i'll do it .	1
all come to this ?	1
please ,  father ,  since you’re weak ,  act like it .	1
nay then ,  let the devil wear black ,  for i'll have a suit of sables .	1
i hear it by the way; but i will send .	1
good night .	1
good madam .	1
what do you say about this change ?	1
i’ll run away from you and hide in the bushes ,  and leave you to the mercy of wild animals .	1
yes ,  that's certain .	1
i must perforce .	1
o me !	1
he hath refused it in the open court .	1
i warrant thou art a merry fellow and carest for nothing .	1
the west yet glimmers with some streaks of day .	1
ay ,  every man away .	1
death lies on her like an untimely frost upon the sweetest flower of all the field .	1
i am the second son of old sir rowland ,  that bring these tidings to this fair assembly .	1
thou didst smile infusèd with a fortitude from heaven ,  when i have decked the sea with drops full salt ,  under my burthen groaned; which raised in me an undergoing stomach to bear up against what should ensue .	1
methinks he hath no drowning mark upon him; his complexion is perfect gallows .	1
and i would i could find in my heart that i had not a hard heart ,  for truly i love none .	1
i swear ,  he’ll be food for the crows soon .	1
and i’ll neigh like a horse and bark like a hound and grunt like a pig and roar like a bear and burn like a fire at every turn .	1
let a beast be lord of beasts, and his crib shall stand at the king's mess.	1
i will die and leave him my entire estate.	1
but, for sure, the bravery of his grief put me into a towering passion.	1
nothing, messala.	1
forever ,  and forever ,  goodbye ,  cassius !	1
well ,  look unto it .	1
we see how mortal an unkindness is to them .	1
while i threaten, he lives; words give breath to the heat of deeds that are too cold.	1
how clever of you .	1
but mark, poor knight, what dreadful dole is here!	1
here is something for your pains .	1
i couldn’t see you ,  lysander ,  but i heard your voice ,  and that’s how i found you .	1
i’ve written to my sister telling her everything he’s said .	1
wasn’t that nobly done ?	1
what hast thou done?	1
eyes, do you see?	1
are you going to start eating worms and flies ?	1
do we but find the tyrant's power tonight ,  let us be beaten ,  if we cannot fight .	1
i’m not a slut—i keep myself clean—but i thank god i am ugly .	1
then you are mad indeed ,  if you be no better in your wits than a fool .	1
how’s it going ?	1
this guy doesn’t pay much attention to punctuation .	1
this isn’t brutus, friend, but, i assure you, a prize no less worthy.	1
i can’t get that song out of my head tonight .	1
i hear some noise .	1
in faith, you'll be sick tomorrow because you stayed up all night, supervising.	1
live, and later you will say, a madman's mercy made you run away.	1
i’ll take comfort in my books and music ,  reading and practicing my instruments .	1
i am sorry to hear this .	1
the king acts unnaturally—father against child .	1
i’d rather kill myself .	1
it might ,  my lord .	1
give me another horse !	1
i’ll open my arms wide like this to his good friends ,  and ,  like the pelican of the old fables ,  feed them with my own blood .	1
borachio .	1
i will bite you on the ear for that joke !	1
no ,  by no means .	1
swell ,  bosom ,  with thy fraught ,  for 'tis of aspics' tongues !	1
if i owe you anything ,  i will pay you in cudgels .	1
this is as it should be.	1
here is a mourning rome ,  a dangerous rome ,  a rome not safe for octavius yet; get going ,  and tell him so .	1
you have done well by water .	1
so do the kings of france unto this day ,  howbeit they would hold up this salic law to bar your highness claiming from the female and rather choose to hide them in a net than amply to imbar their crooked titles usurped from you and your progenitors .	1
say ,  if th' hadst rather hear it from our mouths ,  or from our masters' .	1
let’s go back to our bedroom .	1
i'th’ name of something holy sir, why stand you in this strange stare?	1
putting on a garment] o ,  ho ,  monster !	1
you have broken the article of your oath ,  which you shall never have tongue to charge me with .	1
why, why is this?	1
each heart in rome does love and pity you .	1
my husband!	1
stop, take this letter.	1
why does he allow this rude fellow to knock him about the head now ,  with a dirty shovel ,  and will not tell him why he’s being hit ?	1
is caesar yet gone to the capitol?	1
mistress ,  you have to go see your father .	1
how oddly you reply!	1
young people often lose their self - control even without any help from others .	1
farewell ,  fair cruelty .	1
i would out-night you, did no body come; but, hark, i hear the footing of a man.	1
that's two of his weapons .	1
fear not, until birnam wood do come to dunsinane;" and now a wood comes toward dunsinane.	1
i would not marry her ,  though she were endowed with all that adam had left him before he transgressed .	1
i swear to god ,  madam ,  you’ve wronged me ,  and i’ll tell the whole world .	1
no .	1
stay, illusion!	1
the man who killed mercutio ,  which way did he go ?	1
come over here ,  gentlemen ,  and put your hands on my sword again .	1
o, yes; as summer flies are in the swamps, that move quickly even with blowing.	1
it hath not appeared .	1
i am to blame to be thus waited for.	1
sirs ,  why did you cry out like that your sleep ?	1
and ,  to sink in it ,  should you burden love— too great oppression for a tender thing .	1
good sir ,  why are you startled ,  and seem afraid of things that sound so beautiful ?	1
a friend .	1
i forget: but these sweet thoughts even refresh my work ,  keep me very busy ,  at least when i do it .	1
if you close the doors on a woman’s wit ,  it’ll fly out the window .	1
so the maid that stood in the way for my wish shall show me the way to my will .	1
speak ,  man .	1
the lady protests too much ,  methinks .	1
i hold you but a subject of this war ,  not as a brother .	1
come now !	1
go with my brothers to my lords of england .	1
if thou dost marry ,  i'll give thee this plague for thy dowry: be thou as chaste as ice ,  as pure as snow ,  thou shalt not escape calumny .	1
how many things in life seem good to us because of when they happen !	1
but you should think that we don’t come to offend ,  but with good will .	1
i am sorry that your leisure serves you not . — antonio ,  gratify this gentleman ,  for in my mind you are much bound to him .	1
am i in earth ,  in heaven ,  or in hell ?	1
he will not say so .	1
what heir of york is there alive but we ?	1
i will construe to them whence you come .	1
she did indeed .	1
though all things disgustingly filthy would look like grace ,  yet grace must still look that way .	1
did you see the weird sisters ?	1
o i wish i had a falconer's voice to lure this hawk back to me again!	1
we will go quickly .	1
someone else has the same name ,  but he’s a better man .	1
look how they kiss and carry on !	1
what false impression did i give you?	1
now near enough; your leavy screens throw down, and show like those you are.	1
well ,  anyway ,  goodbye .	1
didn’t feel like it ?	1
my bosom's lord sits lightly in his throne, and all this day an unaccustom'd spirit lifts me above the ground with cheerful thoughts.	1
everyone ,  quiet . — peace !	1
we don’t doubt it.	1
villain, be sure thou prove my love a whore; be sure of it.	1
prince, as thou art true, for blood of ours, shed blood of montague.	1
oh !	1
here’s the smell of the blood still .	1
or ill - beseeming beast in seeming both !	1
it’s meant in good will .	1
or was it a blessing that we did ?	1
out o' tune ,  sir .	1
go bid the priests do present sacrifice ,  and bring me their opinions of success .	1
a very dishonest paltry boy ,  and more a coward than a hare .	1
liar and slave !	1
go tell the priests to do the sacrifice now, and bring me their opinions of success.	1
here comes my man .	1
the king himself is rode to view their battle .	1
villain ,  i say ,  knock me at this gate and rap me well ,  or i’ll knock your knave’s pate .	1
if that his majesty would aught with us ,  we shall express our duty in his eye; and let him know so .	1
what’s done cannot be undone .	1
ay ,  my good lord .	1
come you to make confession to this father ?	1
you will never be able to say the same about me .	1
i won’t hurt him .	1
not yet.	1
i must think about that.	1
my life were better ended by their hate than death proroguèd ,  wanting of thy love .	1
it’s always like this in times of change .	1
enjoy the honey - heavy dew of slumber .	1
what ,  are you moaning on about your toothache ?	1
uncle of exeter ,  release the man who was arrested yesterday for railing against me .	1
by your pardon ,  i will myself into the pulpit first ,  and show the reason of our caesar's death .	1
you’re in a bad mood ?	1
i will die and leave him all.	1
please ,  listen well .	1
but why did you tempt the sky like that?	1
if thy greatness will revenge it on him—for i know thou darest ,  but this thing dare not— that’s most certain .	1
evil earth, die; end all motion here; and you and romeo lay in a heavy tomb!	1
pardon ,  my lord .	1
now, you’re sociable; now you’re romeo; now you are what you are, by art as well as by nature.	1
what poor an instrument may do a noble deed !	1
how fares my juliet ?	1
come on ,  please sing .	1
dost thou think alexander looked o' this fashion i' the earth?	1
no one now ,  to mock your own grinning ?	1
he was not born to shame .	1
for your sake ,  jewel ,  i am glad at soul i have no other child; for thy escape would teach me tyranny ,  to hang clogs on them .	1
what is it that they do when they change us for others?	1
this box is too threatening .	1
i found you as a morsel cold upon dead caesar’s trencher .	1
being a holiday ,  the beggar's shop is closed .	1
if thou consider rightly of the matter ,  caesar has had great wrong .	1
how likes gremio these quick - witted folks ?	1
goodbye ,  then .	1
nay ,  an you be so tardy ,  come no more in my sight .	1
let me see your eyes; look in my face .	1
you kiss by th' book .	1
when all the uproar is over, when the battle has been lost and won.	1
why, light is a function of discovering things, love, and i should be hidden.	1
what if ,  when i am laid in the tomb ,  i wake up before the time that romeo is supposed to come and get me ?	1
ay ,  by my troth ,  the case may be amended .	1
you know me by my habit .	1
hang her!	1
if we are like you in the rest, we’ll resemble you in that.	1
i found it in my room ,  and iago just confessed that he put it there for his own purposes .	1
isn’t your master with him ?	1
some good men carry him carefully from here; i'll fetch the general's surgeon.	1
your wife ,  fulvia ,  is dead .	1
my lord, my lord!	1
ay, sir, for three months.	1
let her have your votes.	1
if i had three ears i’d listen with all three .	1
o wise young judge ,  how i do honour thee !	1
my cousin westmoreland ?	1
are you going to hide and watch them having sex ?	1
what needs this iteration, woman?	1
and of all christian souls ,  i pray god .	1
what says the silver ,  with her virgin hue ?	1
down with him ,  thief !	1
i'll wager against his drowning ,  even if the ship was no stronger than a nutshell and as leaky as an unsatisfied mistress .	1
are you fair?	1
but he’s sleeping .	1
yes, and my father.	1
so all.	1
no ,  nothing but ourselves .	1
now ,  gods ,  stand up for bastards !	1
know me for brutus !	1
unless you can also teach me how to forget my banished father ,  you shouldn’t try to teach me how to be happy .	1
be it so !	1
give me some wine and let me say a few words .	1
we must speak by the card, or equivocation will undo us.	1
tush ,  fear not ,  man .	1
therefore thy earliness doth me assure thou art uprous'd with some distemp'rature; or if not so ,  then here i hit it right— our romeo hath not been in bed to - night .	1
that’s enough about that .	1
love give me strength!	1
if they do fight ,  i hope lysander is safe !	1
look ,  with what courteous action it waves you to a more removèd ground .	1
shall i hear more, or shall i speak at this?	1
but let me hear the letter of your friend.	1
i wish he’d go away !	1
come, come; cut thread and thrum; quail, rush, conclude, and quell!	1
he has legs like a man, and his fins look like arms!	1
who calls so loud ?	1
you may think perchance that i think you are in love .	1
we have kissed away entire kingdoms and provinces .	1
farewell ,  farewell .	1
follow me and receive ’t .	1
that’s our offer .	1
herein i will teach you how you shall bid god to reward us for your pains ,  and thank us for your trouble .	1
come, sir, to finish up with you.	1
do you like this speed ?	1
bring me just notice of the numbers dead on both our parts .	1
it would be excellent if they could make a man halfway between don john and benedick .	1
whence is that knocking ?	1
what says polonius ?	1
calpurnia's cheek is pale, and cicero looks with the same beady and fiery eyes that we have seen on him in the capitol, when some senators disagreed with him in a meeting.	1
your words suit you as your wounds do; they both tell of honor.	1
he’s out of his right mind .	1
where did he get wine ?	1
thou canst not teach me to forget.	1
here is the money.	1
my father, in his habit as he liv'd!	1
he was not born to shame .	1
he wore his beaver up.	1
this is the indictment of the good lord hastings ,  which in a set hand fairly is engrossed ,  that it may be today read o'er in paul’s .	1
out .	1
i don’t doubt your wisdom .	1
aside] they vanished strangely.	1
things have fall'n out ,  sir ,  so unluckily ,  that we have had no time to move our daughter .	1
do you doubt that?	1
o, by this count i’ll be very old before i see my romeo again!	1
i wish they were hypodermics for your sake!	1
let only the common people hear this testament,— which, pardon me, i don’t mean to read,— and they would go and kiss dead caesar's wounds, and dip their napkins in his sacred blood; yes, beg a hair of him for memory, and, dying, mention that hair in their wills, leaving it as a rich legacy to their children.	1
may a plague strike both your houses .	1
is it a custom?	1
my lord ?	1
conception is a blessing, but not as your daughter may conceive.	1
let but the commons hear this testament— which ,  pardon me ,  i do not mean to read— and they would go and kiss dead caesar’s wounds and dip their napkins in his sacred blood ,  yea ,  beg a hair of him for memory ,  and ,  dying ,  mention it within their wills ,  bequeathing it as a rich legacy unto their issue .	1
dear general, i never gave you cause.	1
then let’s meet with our senior command and discuss what to do next .	1
not till god make men of some other metal than earth .	1
some wine ,  ho !	1
do you go back dismay'd ?	1
oh ,  that brave caesar !	1
i’m christopher sly .	1
get ready for the third hit ,  laertes .	1
laertes, you shall hear them.	1
do not you love me ?	1
and what noise is this ?	1
but new struck nine .	1
pyramus draws near the wall; silence.	1
never—o fault ! —revealed myself unto him until some half - hour past ,  when i was armed .	1
that would be a little extreme !	1
my god ,  who knows ?	1
will you stay a while?	1
therefore ,  dear isis ,  do the right thing and give him the fortune he deserves .	1
what is the time o'th’ day ?	1
no ,  very pale .	1
what !	1
call him over here ,  good monsieur le beau .	1
goodbye.	1
what are you ?	1
well ,  sit we down ,  and let us hear bernardo speak of this .	1
ok ,  again .	1
brutus ,  this sober form of yours hides wrongs ,  and when you do them— cassius ,  be content ,  speak your griefs softly ,  i do know you well .	1
and all for nothing— for hecuba !	1
oh ,  how fitting it is that that vile name should perish on my sword !	1
here’s packing ,  with a witness ,  to deceive us all !	1
bring me to octavius.	1
we’re bound to each other in every possible way ,  except we need you to marry us .	1
true ,  if a fool such as yourself could find it .	1
yet you killed my children .	1
a beast ,  no more .	1
lucentio ,  gentle sir .	1
indeed!	1
i heard them say brutus and cassius are riding like madmen through the gates of rome.	1
when i spoke that, i was ill-temper'd too.	1
you are not pinch’s patient ,  are you ,  sir ?	1
to the health of our general !	1
banquo and donalbain!	1
it is your music ,  madam ,  of the house .	1
let's do't, i pray: and i this morning know where we shall find him most conveniently.	1
he doesn’t do a thing but frown, as someone would say, “if you will not have me, choose.” he hears happy tales and doesn’t smile: i’m afraid he will probably be the weeping philosopher when he grows old, being so full of rude sadness in his youth.	1
if you can’t answer it— go ahead !	1
if it will not ,  what remedy ?	1
when good manners shall lie all in one or two men's hands, and they unwashed too, it’s a foul thing.	1
i pray you ,  have a continent forbearance till the speed of his rage goes slower .	1
therefore away ,  to get our stuff aboard .	1
i do not ,  sir .	1
hath cassius lived to be but mirth and laughter to his brutus, when grief and blood ill-temper'd vexeth him?	1
ay, smile upon her, do; i will gyve thee in thine own courtship.	1
go tell the hunters to blow their horns and wake them up .	1
you kiss like you’ve studied how .	1
can you remember a time before we came to this dwelling?	1
we answered them ,  blow for blow .	1
i'll know his humor when he knows his time.	1
bow ,  stubborn knees ,  and ,  heart ,  with strings of steel ,  be soft as the muscles of the newborn baby !	1
oh ,  heaven ,  how did she get out ?	1
thy loving father ,  hamlet .	1
what’s that supposed to mean ?	1
take it away .	1
but forbear ,  i say .	1
oh no !	1
oh ,  heavy ignorance !	1
i don’t doubt your wisdom.	1
nor i ,  my lord .	1
that will be a good thing .	1
no ,  no ,  they would not .	1
he who is dizzy thinks the world is spinning ” —please ,  tell me what you meant by that .	1
to the vales ,  and hold our best advantage .	1
i dare be sworn for him he would not leave it nor pluck it from his finger for the wealth that the world masters .	1
to what ,  my love ,  shall i compare thine eyne ?	1
stirred up by dorset ,  buckingham ,  and morton ,  he makes for england ,  here to claim the crown .	1
here comes a spirit of his ,  and to torment me for bringing wood in slowly ,  i'll fall flat .	1
nay, i am the very pink of courtesy.	1
well, let his father be what a will, we talk of young master launcelot.	1
you might do much .	1
macbeth!	1
why do you speak so faintly ?	1
be silent .	1
goodbye .	1
the most exquisite claudio ?	1
and immediately come yourselves and bring messala with you to us .	1
as i !	1
what says my lord ?	1
couple it with something .	1
